===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 14:00:00) =====
Scott Lauber - President and CEO:
Xia Liu - CFO:
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2025 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. And all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation the conference will be available for analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. Before the conference call begins, please note that all statements in the presentation than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Scott Lauber, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group. Please go ahead.
Scott Lauber : Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the first quarter of 2025. Here with me are Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported first quarter 2025 earnings of $2.27 a share. We're off to a solid start to the year. We remain laser focused on reliability, financial discipline and customer satisfaction. And we're on track to deliver another year of strong results in line with our 2025 earnings guidance by $5.17 to $5.27 a share. This, of course, assumes normal weather going forward. We continue to target 5% to 7% long-term compound annual growth rate, supported by a robust capital plan, driven by strong Epic growth in our region. In Wisconsin, the unemployment rate stands at 3.2%, continuing a long-running trend below the national average. And as we've discussed, we're continuing to see significant economic development along the I-94 corridor between Milwaukee and Chicago. Microsoft is making good progress on this large data center complex in Southeast Wisconsin. Work has continued in the first phase of the project, and we have confidence in our five-year forecast of 1.8 gigawatts of demand growth in Southeastern Wisconsin. As you recall from last quarter, just in the north of Milwaukee, Cloverleaf has announced plans to develop approximately 1,700 acres for another large data center campus. Cloverleaf has projected at least 1 gigawatt of electric demand for this development. We have not incorporated any of this investment related to Cloverleaf in our capital plan just yet. So stay tuned for the updated capital plan on our third quarter earnings call. And there is other notable growth in Wisconsin. As a reminder, Eli Lilly has announced a $3 billion end of its manufacturing facility in Wisconsin. And just recently, Uline announced another expansion in Southeast Wisconsin. The company plans to build a 1.2 million square foot warehouse and distribution facility. We're also off to a strong start on our current capital plan. It's the largest five-year investment plan in our history, totaling $28 billion dedicated to economic growth and reliability. As we've discussed, it's based on projects that are low risk and highly executable. On the tariff front, we're evaluating the impacts of tariffs on our supply chain and capital plan. For our $28 billion capital plan, we estimate the tariff exposure is approximately 2% to 3% overall. As you can expect, we are actively engaged to mitigate efforts and mitigation efforts through our contracts and various suppliers. Fortunately, we have diversity in our business mix, capital plan and supply chain that should help to mitigate the overall effects on our customers. Our company has successfully navigated past periods of uncertainty and challenges, and you can certainly expect us to aim to do the same for this current environment. Now let me give you a few updates on our projects. In early March, the Darien solar project went into service. This adds 225 megawatts of renewable generation to our regulated portfolio with an investment of approximately $427 million. And currently, we have two solar projects in construction phase, Cash Kanan, a 300-megawatt project in Southern Wisconsin and Renegade a 100-megawatt project in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. We expect both of these projects to be placed into service next year. In addition, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission has approved our purchase of 90% of the high noon solar and battery project for approximately $883 million. Construction is expected to be completed in 2027. Of course, we are closely monitoring the federal developments related to the inflation Reduction Act, and we're actively seeking to safe harbor the projects in our capital plan. At WEC infrastructure, we closed on the Harden 3 solar projects in February. We invested at approximately $406 billion for 90% ownership of the project which has a total capacity of 250 megawatts. As a reminder, this project fulfills our five-year planned investment at WEC Infrastructure. Overall, we have a lot of confidence in our ability to execute on our capital plan. Now turning to the regulatory front. As a reminder, we currently have no active rate cases. In Wisconsin, at the end of March, we filed a new tariff proposal with the Public Service Commission to accommodate the economic growth we've discussed. The proposed very large customer, or VLC tariff, would meet the needs of our very large load customers while protecting all of our other customers. Our proposal would apply to customers with 500 megawatts or more of forecasted new load. The customer commits a subscribing to a portion of one or more dedicated generation resources. The terms of the agreements are 20 years for wind and solar and the depreciable lays for natural gas and battery storage assets. As filed, the tariffs provide for a fixed return on equity of 10.48% and an equity ratio of 57%. In addition, there are several other charges these customers are responsible for, administrative charges, energy charges, transmission charges and distribution charges. The proposed tariff is designed so that no cost to serve these very large customers would be subsidized by or shifted to other customers. We work with these large customers in the design of the tariff to include the financial parameters. We believe this tariff is a key component to help make Wisconsin a prime spot for data center investments. We expect the decision by the commission by the second quarter of next year. In Illinois, we received the Illinois Comverse Commission's decision on our safety modernization program in February. The commission lifted the pause on our work and directed Peoples Gas to focus on replacing all cast iron and ductaironpipe that is a diameter under 36 inches by January 1, 2035. The Commission also directed its staff to appoint a safety monitor to provide oversight by July of this year. Like other capital projects, our investments in pipe replacement will be reviewed in future rate proceedings. Under this pipe replacement program, approximately 1,100 miles of older pipe some dating back to the mid-1800s will need to be replaced. We are currently developing engineering plans to execute the order. We will factor the updated pipeline replacement program capital into our fall update. Next up, Xia will provide more details on our financials.
Xia Liu : Thank you, Scott. Our first quarter 2025 earnings of $2.27 per share reflects a $0.30 increase compared to the first quarter of 2024. Our earnings package includes a comparison of first quarter results on Page 12. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, earnings were $0.28 higher versus the first quarter of 2024. Weather positively impacted quarter-over-quarter earnings by approximately $0.18. Compared to normal conditions, we estimate that weather had a $0.01 positive impact in the first quarter of 2025 compared to a $0.17 negative impact in the first quarter of 2024. Recall that our 2024 winter was the warmest in Wisconsin history on record. Rate-based growth contributed $0.20 more to earnings. This was driven primarily by the Wisconsin rate review outcome that was effective on January 1, 2025. Tax and other items added another $0.04. These positive drivers were partially offset by a total of $0.14 from O&M expense, depreciation and amortization and timing of fuel expense. Our day-to-day O&M for the year is still expected to grow 8% to 10% when compared to actual O&M in 2024. As a reminder, this year-over-year growth is largely driven by a few factors. Our continued focus on commission-approved vegetation management, new assets coming online and measures we took last year to offset the mild weather impact. And let me give you some color on our weather-normal retail electric deliveries, excluding the iron ore mine. Compared to last Q1 and adjusting for leap year, we saw 7% growth this quarter, led by the large commercial and industrial class, which grew 2.3% in the quarter. This is right in line with our forecast. Remember, we expect our weather-normal annual electric sales growth to reach 4.5% to 5% starting in 2027 and we're on track to reach that over the next couple of years. At American Transmission Company, earnings increased $0.02 compared to the first quarter of '24. $0.01 was related to continued capital investment and the other $0.01 is related to a modest gain from selling and interest has 15 transmission line in California in the first quarter of this year. Turning to our Energy Infrastructure segment. Earnings increased $0.05 in the first quarter of '25 compared to the first quarter of 2024, largely from higher production tax credits. Remember, we completed our investment in the Maple flats and Delilah solar projects in the fourth quarter of 2024 as well as the Hearten3 solar project this February. Next, you'll see that earnings from the Corporate and Other segment decreased $0.03. This was driven by higher interest expense, partially offset by favorable tax timing and other items. Finally, there was $0.02 of dilution primarily associated with our common equity issuances. We issued about $200 million in 2024 and about $140 million in Q1 this year. Including the Q1 issuances, as a reminder, we expect to raise a total of $700 million to $800 million of common equity in 2025 via our ATM program as well as the dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. This is a part of the $2.7 billion to $3.2 billion total common equity we expect to issue through 2029 to finance the capital investment. As we refresh our capital plan this fall, we continue to expect any incremental capital will be funded with 50% equity content. Finally, let me comment on earnings guidance. As Scott mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our 2025 earnings guidance of $5. 17 and to $5.27 per share, assuming normal weather for the rest of the year. We are also reaffirming our long-term EPS CAGR of 6.5% to 7%. For the second quarter, we are expecting a range of $0.63 to $0.69 per share. This accounts for April weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. With that, I'll turn it back to Scott.
Scott Lauber : Thank you, Xia. Now as you may recall, our Board at its January meeting increased the dividend by 6.9%. This marks the 22nd consecutive year that our shareholders will be rewarded with higher dividends. Overall, we're optimistic about continued growth in our region and our company's growth and future. Operator, we are now ready for question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you, now we’ll take your questions. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Julian Dumoulin-Smith of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Russo : It's Brian Russo on for Julian.
Scott Lauber : Sounds good. How are you doing?
Brian Russo : Thanks. Just on the recent MISO capacity auction results, could we get your thoughts on your base generation CapEx spend or any upside CapEx maybe for data centers? And then how that plays into the whole long-term strategy for the power of the future assets and Port Washington and maybe also the nuclear PPA negotiations.
Scott Lauber : Here, there's a lot built into that. When you looked at the MISO auction, especially when you look at the summer part of the auction, it was really a tight auction. Overall, we were long on one company and a little bit short on the other, but nothing material, all in the right -- kind of all in the right direction overall. We build to make sure we have enough capacity to be their demand. And that’s why we’ve been working with a very large customer and looking at our forecast for several years now, as we get orders in place to build new generation capacity. So as we think about it, looking forward, we are looking forward to some of the decisions by the commission, and we expect end of June, early July here on some of the additional gas generation needs that we have from the combustion turbines and the right units that are at the commission to help us build that needed capacity to meet this large customer load along with the other economic development in the region. So we are actively working to procure. We already started talking about 2030, 2031 and how we look at the capacity needs. As you start thinking about our part of the future assets and some of the other assets that we have, we are looking at and we have successfully tested gas at about 30% blend on the power of the future coal units. And we're looking to our plans to make that 100% gas by 2029. And the same thing looking at the Weston 4 units, converting it to gas. So we're looking at how do we strategically have the capacity in the region, which also includes the capacity will get from batteries and wind and solar. So we’re planning and we’re look into the future to make sure we’re ahead of that capacity option. That help you?
Brian Russo : Yes, it does. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Scott Lauber : Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel : Hey, good afternoon. First question. In Illinois, the ICC recently concluded it for view of the pipeline safety modernization program. The red authorized you to replace a good amount of the older pipe. I know it's not exactly the same as the prior program, but it might represent some upside to the CapEx. Scott, I know you mentioned that we'll have to wait for the CapEx refresh this fall. But my question is, any early thoughts on roughly how big of an opportunity that might be and how quickly you might be able to get those efforts going? I know you have to rehire, retrain and redeploy, I think, thousands of employees, so you can't just do it immediately, but when might that work start to resume?
Scott Lauber : Excellent question. And we can give you a little color what we're looking at now. So we're going through the process, and we had a couple of projects that, of course, were stale, that we're going -- running it back through some of the permitting process as you have to go through the permitting process, and we're going through to see if we can kick off a few of them this year. But of course, we're going through that hiring process and our planning. We'll see the program ramp up in '26 and '27 and get to what we think will be a full run rate, and we're still pulling the numbers together in '28, but we expect that will probably be a little over $500 million a year going forward. And remember, our old program was about $280 million to $300 million. But in order to get this program completed by beginning of 2035, we really have a lot of spending to do because we expect to be closer to that 2040 time frame. So it will be ramping up over; 26 and '27 with -- hopefully, we get to that run rate in 2028.
Andrew Weisel : Okay. Great. Next, on Microsoft, I think you briefly mentioned that things are going smoothly there. Can you just elaborate on that, maybe what you're hearing and seeing from the company? I know there's a lot of questions among investors about pauses of various phases and potential global slowdown, all those types of questions. Maybe if you could just tell us how your latest conversations with them have been going both around the current Phase 1 that goes through '26 and what the company is doing and seeing around those future phases in your neck of the woods?
Scott Lauber : Sure. And Microsoft, we've been working with them for a couple of years now, and they reiterated to us that the economic development and the demand that we have in our forecast over the five-year period, that supports that Southeastern Wisconsin that 1.8 gigawatts is still solid. We have worked with them on building substation ourselves American transmission company, and that work progresses. So I have no concerns that, that site is still going to be very, very strong and a very core part of Microsoft's development. And I learned a lot just listening to the Microsoft conference call because they talk about timing and going in and out of some of their build cycles and how they manage it. It just sounds like now with AI and all the hyperscalers being the talk and how it affects the electric utilities. People are talking about it a lot more, but I think they've always managed it. So I encourage you to listen to the Microsoft conference call. I thought it was really interesting how they described some of the things, but I have no concerns in Southeastern Wisconsin here.
Andrew Weisel : Okay. Great. Appreciate the comment there. One last one, if I may. If I could squeeze one in for Xia. On equity, $140 million in the quarter. Obviously, that's a bit less than the 25% of the full year guidance. You mentioned that $700 million to $800 million. How should we think about that? Is that any kind of reflection on the market uncertainty in tariffs, view on your stock price or maybe a function of cash needs ramping up as the year goes on? Any thoughts on the timing there?
Xia Liu : Yeah. Andrew, it's all of the above. We're targeting $700 million to $800 million. And so stock price plays a role in that through the access to the ATM program. Our cash needs plays a role. So we're managing it very, very tightly, but we feel very confident that through our ATM and the employee benefit plans, we could access the $700 million to $800 million fairly easily throughout the rest of the year.
Andrew Weisel : Great. Thank you very much, everybody.
Scott Lauber : Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Scott Lauber : Hi, good afternoon, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet : Good afternoon. The IRA has been in focus for the market for some time here in tax credit transferability as well. Just wondering any updated thoughts you can provide here if transferability or other products to the IRA were to be repealed and how you think about this would impact in the plan or offsets that you could offer?
Scott Lauber : Sure. And I'll start and then Xia can walk you through a little bit more of the numbers. But when you think of the IRA and a lot of projects that we have in our plan, we've been anticipating that the IRA benefits. And I think a lot of our customers are anticipated to remember, all the PTCs and ITCs for the projects going forward go back to our customers. So I could see that there would be a phase out of the IRA and PTCs and ITCs in the future, but it's pretty well integrated in a lot of the projects that people had assumed going forward. And transferability, there's other ways to look at moving those tax benefits to others, whether it's tax equity or transferability. Tax equity is just a little more complicated. It gets -- it ends up in the same result. I think it's a little more costly for our customers or transferability has been very lean and easy to execute. And actually, we've been able to benefit some of our local companies, too, with the benefits of those tax benefits. So hopefully, there's a transition period and transferability stays for a while because I think it's really beneficial to our customers, and Xia can give you a little more detail on some of the numbers.
Xia Liu : Absolutely. So on the phase-out point, like Scott mentioned, we're actively seeking safe harboring the upcoming renewable projects. So once we do that, we could -- hopefully, we could qualify the project for 100% of PTCs through at least 2029. So we're actively seeking that. In terms of the transferability, as you know that we have been able to transfer about $200 million of PTCs annually to third parties over the past several years. And as we build more projects, that number ramps up slightly in the plan. However, if you think about the projects, we have almost 80% of the planned PTC transfer from projects already in service from 2025 and prior. So as we all know, we don't believe Congress likes to change the economics of projects already placed in service. Assume that depending on the law, obviously, but assume that transferability were to only impact projects put in service from 2026 or 2027 or later, we would have very limited credits that we would not be able to sell. So we think the impact would be pretty limited. And also, like Scott mentioned, for the utility projects, if transferability were repealed, it would make renewable projects more costly for the customers. So I think we would have to take a step back and think about the optimal generation project mix from a customer affordability standpoint. So I think all in all, we're managing it just -- but watching the development and also managing very actively. We're not concerned at this point.
Jeremy Tonet : Okay. Got it. So the FFO impact is something that you think would be manageable in the grand scheme of things, everything you talk about?
Xia Liu : Yeah, depending on the law, yeah, absolutely.
Scott Lauber : We're all anxiously waiting to see at the final line.
Xia Liu : Yeah.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. And then I just want to pivot towards the BLC tariff. And I think it's key that customers are involved in the creation here, right? Just wondering, as it stands, how you think that impacts Wisconsin. And how does -- Wisconsin stand relative to other states and trying to win this business with this tariff? Just wondering if you could expand on that.
Scott Lauber : Yeah, I think the key is you hit it. We worked with our very large customers with the basic understanding that we cannot have this very large load gets subsidized at all by any other customers. So we worked on the fundamentals, and that's how we came up on the tariff. I think it's a fair tariff for our customers, for the very large customers and for our shareholders. So we try to be a very balanced approach. I think in what we've heard from some of the developers is that it's a very fair and straightforward and clean tariffs. So I'm very happy with it. I think our team did a great job and really appreciate both sides as we balance it through with the large customers and our internal team. So I'm really optimistic with it.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it, great. Thank you for that.
Scott Lauber : Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell : Hey good afternoon, team.
Scott Lauber : Good afternoon.
Anthony Crowdell : Hey, just two quick questions. One is really strong residential electric load growth there. I think 5.5%. Just wondering if you go through some of the drivers? Or was that mainly driven by weather?
Scott Lauber : Yeah. And Xia's looked at these numbers. But remember, last year was such a warm first quarter. So the growth, I think, is just getting back to normal weather. I'm happy to see normal. And I think when you look at the normalization for the quarter -- that is also an anomaly of how that weather affected last year's normalization because it was so extreme forms we had in like 134 years. So we're seeing good customer growth, good customer connections. So I'm not -- I don't think there's anything to read one way or the other, other than some pretty extreme weather between last year and this year. Xia, anything to add?
Xia Liu : No, it's all mostly weather-driven.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. And then if I could just follow up on Cloverleaf. Just you gave some acreage and maybe projected about a 1 gigawatt of demand. Just curious, would that mostly be met with gas or a combination of gas and renewables or any type of clarity you can provide on the generation needs there.
Scott Lauber : Sure. So a couple of things is, one, yes, it's about 1,700 acres of developing. They talked initially about 1 gigawatt of load. We expect -- they also say the say can hold up to probably about 3.5 gigawatts of load. So full relief is in the process of marketing the land and the location. We expect in the next couple of months to see who potentially is a longer-term purchaser of that spot or a purchaser of that location. And then we'll work on the details of the generation mix of that that will hopefully factor in then to our fall update in the third quarter call of the capital plan. So things are moving along very well there. I think it will be a combination, of course, of gas and renewables just because you need that firm capacity ability. But I also think they'll have some renewables in there too, just to help with the energy part of the bill, too. So I think it will be a combination, but more to come as we continue to work with that and whoever purchased that location.
Anthony Crowdell : And the timing of when maybe that load would come online, that would something we get more on the third quarter call?
Scott Lauber : Correct. Correct. And they're trying to move very fast to get that purchaser in the next couple of months, and then we'll have more clarity as we work with them to develop their plans. But we've been working with the potential purchasers of the sites. I can't mention any names, of course, but all high-quality companies and they're just reviewing the plans that we would have to serve those sites.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Scott Lauber : Absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Sullivan : Hey, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber : Good afternoon, Michael. How are you?
Michael Sullivan : Hey, Scott. Doing well, thanks. I wanted to start with maybe just a little more color on where you're seeing the tariff impacts in your capital plan? And it's primarily around the renewables. Just remind us kind of what the process is for updating costs on that front as you seek to recover?
Scott Lauber : Sure, sure. And as you think about it, as we look at our capital plan, a lot of the electric and gas distribution is mainly domestically sourced. When you start thinking about some of the remaining part of our plan, largely in the generation, a lot of it's labor, probably 50% to 60% is labor, but then the remaining are the materials. Of course, we have to see final clarity on the tariffs. The solar for the near-term projects, if we're very comfortable, those are in flight. We got processes and manufacturing and panels lined up. The farther ones out, of course, we have been working with other developers and suppliers to really onshore a lot of the production of these panels. The challenge, of course, is where do you get the polysilicon and the wafers, the cells, et cetera? So we've been working with everyone to get that. If there would be a cost increase, we would, of course, notify our regulators, the commission as soon as possible of that cost increase and then go through a prudency review process, which we've done at other projects for force majeure situation. So at this time, we don't have anything that's notable to talk about. On the other aspect, probably the last item are the batteries. Remember, we have the smaller part of our generation plan is probably the battery is a little about -- a little under $1 billion. In fact, we have our first battery installation going in the end of this month, about 100 megawatts of that. Those batteries are a little more tricky across the industry. And we'll just manage the batteries as we get some more clarity on the tariffs. And of course, we're working with vendors on those batteries. And of course, working with some of the very large customers also, we could see them looking at renewables and batteries too as they look at PCAs and long-term generation needs. So we're kind of looking at all of the above, but probably the biggest potential charges coming from the tariffs could relate to batteries or the solar projects.
Michael Sullivan : Appreciate the color there, very helpful. And then I wanted to ask also on the reconciliation bill potential impacts of a lower corporate tax rate. Can you give us any sense there if that were to happen?
Scott Lauber : Sure, and Xia can walk you through the details. It's basically the same that we kind of went through several years ago at the lower tax rate, right? So in general, you're going to get a lot of the benefits, we'll go back to our customers for that lower tax rate through the regulatory model. And in general, then there will be a little less of a tax shield at the parent company for some of the deductions up there and the interest expense. That's kind of the high-level story. I don't think -- remember last time, there was a little bigger change in taxes. So I don't think it's going to be that big of effect, but Xia, any additional color?
Xia Liu : Yeah. I think Michael and Steve published a report, which really correctly stated the potential impact. Like Scott mentioned, long-term benefit for customers because customers would pay less under that situation, it would have some earnings impact, particularly for the tax shield earnings benefit from the noncustomer deductions at the holding company that would decrease over the longer term. But the earnings would increase the utilities because your rate base would be higher over the longer term. So in terms of the cash flows, obviously, the lower the corporate tax rate, you would collect less from the customer. So everything else being equal, there will be slightly less cash flow for the company overall. So I think we're watching that very closely. And in case that we went that way, we would be ready to handle and deal with it.
Michael Sullivan : Okay, great. Appreciate the shot. Take care.
Scott Lauber : Thanks, Mike.
Operator: The next question comes from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Carly Davenport : Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just the commentary on the data center front in terms of your conversations with customers with super clear. Could you talk a little bit about conversations with other large load customers outside of the data center industry? Anything changing there in terms of their plans to progress on new projects either from a timing or a magnitude of their power needs perspective? And then any sort of dispersion across the diverse set of industries that you serve would be helpful.
Scott Lauber : Sure. And thanks for the question, Carly. As we look at it, and as you know, we are attracting customers at about 16, 17 sectors. And we have relationships that we talk to our large customers. I'd say right now, most of the customers are cautious on what's going on with the tariffs and what kind of clarity. So I think people are cautious before they over react one way or the other. So unemployment was constant at 3.2%, way below the national average and the large significant projects outside of the data centers are still progressing and people are the Eli Lilly, et cetera, there's still a lot of expansion in housing development in Southeastern Wisconsin. So as you drive around, it still looks very positive, constructive. I think the question is going to be, as people see more clarity on what's going on with tariffs, et cetera. That will be a question in people's mind, but cautiously optimistic, I would say. And I think Xia has analyzed the first quarter where we're seeing, so I'll let Xia walk you through what we're seeing on the large group in the first quarter.
Xia Liu : Yeah, Carly, we are all over that. So as you know, we follow about 16 different sectors in the stage. It covers from food, paper printing, all the way to health services and education. So out of the 16, 10 of those had quarter-over-quarter positive growth, some with double-digit growth. There are two or three sectors that experienced some negative growth, I think they are not driven by macro environment, mostly driven by the individual decisions made by those customers. So overall, we remain very optimistic about the long-term growth in our region.
Carly Davenport : Great. Thanks so much for the comprehensive answer there. And then just a quick follow-up on the conversation earlier on Illinois. Just on the future of gas, anything that you fly from the most recent series of workshops there that you think could impact the final outcome early next year?
Scott Lauber : I would say right now, I haven't seen anything that has gone one way or the other. I mean, the workshops, as you know, we've got postponed now, not the workshops, but the final decision to next year. I think everyone is looking at the economic development and what's needed for gas. They've approved our pipe replacement program, very large pipe. I think that's positive. So I don't -- I'm not expecting anything that I've seen recently to change that momentum.
Carly Davenport : Great. Thank you so much for the time.
Scott Lauber : Absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra : Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just, Scott, a lot of eyes on the tariff filing in Wisconsin, the VLT filing. Maybe just a little bit cutter on the higher ROE, how do you come up with 70 basis points higher than the current authorized and the customer feedback on that higher ROE? Just any color or thoughts there would be really appreciated.
Scott Lauber : Sure. Sure. And remember, so we worked with the customers coming out with this agreement on the ROEs and the equity layers. And when you think about it, it's a long term. So we're talking 20 years to the depreciable life, which should be up to 30 years or more on some of these projects. So they're looking for certainty. And we don't know what the future would bring. But we think the ROEs when you look at interest rates over a long period of time are near one of the lower spots now at that 9.8%. So having something locked in for a longer period of time, we came up with that 10.48% and thought it was reasonable for both of us to lock into that number. But remember, this is for 20 to 30 years. So it's a long investment, but it also gives them certainty on what they're putting into their model. Hope that's helpful.
Durgesh Chopra : Yes, it does. Thank you. And then maybe just quickly, in Illinois, can you just remind us the higher $500 million per year rate which you get to in '27, '28, that is not going to be recovered by a tracker, correct? That's Slide 1. And if not, what's the rate case strategy on under covering that higher level of spending because it is indeed wrapping up quite a bit?
Scott Lauber : Correct. Correct. So you are correct that, that covered under our tracker. In Illinois, we'll have to file forward-looking test years on the rate case. We're evaluating right now when our next test year filing will be. But of course, we'll have to forecast that into the test year. That will -- it's forward-looking test year, but it also gives us a chance that the commission and the ICG will be able to review what our plans are, again, along with having that safety monitor on site to actually review our projects too as they go in. So I think it adds a lot of color and a lot of opportunities to improve the prudency on a front-end basis also as we go through these capital projects. So it will be more of an ongoing annual rate case in the future.
Durgesh Chopra : Thank you for taking the questions, Scott.
Scott Lauber : Thank you. All right, everybody. That concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating. If you have any more questions, please feel free to reach out to Beth Straka at 414-221-4639.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2024 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Before the conference call begins, please note that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. This call also will include non-GAAP financial information. The company has provided reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the materials posted on its website for this conference call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Scott Lauber, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Scott Lauber: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, as we review our results for calendar year 2024. Here with me are Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported full year 2024 adjusted earnings of $4.88 a share. I am pleased to report that, we delivered another year of solid results on virtually every meaningful measure, from customer satisfaction, to financial performance, to steady execution of our capital plan. In just a few minutes, Xia will provide more details on our financial results, and outlook. For 2025 earnings, recall that in early December we provided our guidance in the range of $5.17 to $5.27 a share. We continue to target a 6.5% to 7% long-term, compound annual growth rate. We have a robust capital plan, driven by strong economic growth in our region. The Wisconsin unemployment rate stands at 3%, continuing a long running trend below the national average. And as we discussed, there have been many exciting developments along the I-94 corridor, between Milwaukee and Chicago. In December, less than a year after Eli Lilly acquired a facility in Pleasant Prairie, the pharmaceutical company announced plans for a $3 billion expansion. Eli Lilly predicts the expansion, will add 750 highly skilled jobs in addition to 2,000 construction jobs, to complete the project. Microsoft is making good progress on its large data center complex in Southeast Wisconsin. Work continues on the first phase of the project. Microsoft took a short pause on construction, to evaluate the technical design of the second area. That pause was lifted and work has resumed. Microsoft is still reviewing designs, for the third area. Microsoft reports that the potential design changes, have not affected plans to invest $3.3 billion in the project by the end of 2026, and we do not anticipate these changes will impact our capital plan, or demand growth projections over the next five years. In fact, Microsoft purchased an additional 240 acres of land, just last week for another data center development. We're delighted that Microsoft continues to expand its commitment to the Milwaukee region. Also in January, Cloverleaf announced plans to develop approximately 1,700 acres in Port Washington, just North of Milwaukee, for another large data center campus. Cloverleaf projects that construction could start this fall. In the initial announcement, Cloverleaf expects the load to be one gigawatt. This development is very - in the very early stages, but all this load is incremental to our current plan. So we're off to a strong start to the year, with great economic prospects. To serve a growing economy, of course, we need to continue investing in our generation facility, and infrastructure. Our $28 billion five-year capital plan, which we updated October, is the largest in our history. A balanced generation mix is a significant focus, for our electric utilities. In the renewable area over the next five years, we have 4,300 megawatts planned for our expected investment of $9.1 billion. We wrapped up 2024 by bringing the Paris Solar Park into service, with an investment of approximately $319 million. It has added 180 megawatts of solar capacity for our Wisconsin utility customers. Next up on our schedule, we expect the 225 megawatt Darien Solar Park, to go into service later this year. Natural gas also continues to be a critical resource for reliable service. We expect the Wisconsin Commission, to make rulings on several major project filings throughout the year. That includes 1,200 megawatts of efficient natural gas generation, as well as 33-mile lateral and two Bcf of liquefied natural gas storage. Turning to our WEC infrastructure business, the Delilah I and Maple Flats solar project went online, at the end of last year. Between those two facilities, we invested approximately $890 million, or 90% ownership of 550 megawatts of capacity. And we expect to close, on the Hardin III project, during the first quarter. We plan to invest approximately $407 million for 90% ownership interest of the project, which has a total capacity of 250 megawatts. As a reminder, this project fulfills our five-year planned investment at WEC Infrastructure. Regarding transmission, as you saw in January, MISO announced capital investments on tranche 2.1. We expect ATC, to be assigned approximately $2 billion of that tranche, with an additional opportunity through the right of first refusal, or competitive bid of up to $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. As you know, we own 60% of ATC. Overall, we have a lot of confidence in our ability, to execute on our capital plan and continue our growth trajectory. Now, turning to the regulatory front, I am pleased to report that we currently have no planned, or active rate cases. As you know, the Wisconsin Commission finalized their written orders for test year 2025 and 2026. Consistent with prior disclosures, the Commission maintained a 53% financial equity layer, and a 9.8% return on equity for our Wisconsin Utilities. In Illinois, we remain actively engaged in two proceedings of note. One of these is evaluating the future of natural gas in Illinois. Currently, it's scheduled to extend into 2026. The other, a review of our safety modernization program, is close to its conclusion. We made our final oral arguments before the Commerce Commission, last week and expect a decision this quarter. Next up, Xia will provide you more details on our financials.
Xia Liu: Thanks, Scott. Turning now to earnings, our 2024 adjusted earnings were $4.88 per share, an increase of $0.25 per share over 2023 adjusted earnings. In 2024, we experienced the warmest winter on record. The estimated weather headwind was $0.25 per share when compared to normal conditions. We were able to offset this by implementing a variety of initiatives such as O&M and fuel management, as well as tax and financing activities. This focus on execution was key for delivering our adjusted EPS near the top end of the earnings guidance. Now let's take a closer look at our year over year variances. Our earnings package includes a comparison, of adjusted full year results on Page 17. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operation, weather decreased earnings year-over-year by an estimated $0.05 per share. This weather impact, along with a total of $0.38 negative impact, related to increases in depreciation and amortization, day-to-day O&M and interest expense were more than offset by $0.49 of total positive variances from rate-based growth, fuel, tax and other. All in all, the utility operations grew $0.06 year-over-year. Now, before I discuss earnings comparison at the other segments, let me briefly comment on O&M and sales. Remember that originally we guided 2024 Total company day-to-day O&M, to be 6% to 7% higher compared to 23, largely driven by assets that were placed in service, and normal inflation. As you recall, several of the assets in WEC infrastructure, had a delayed in service until the end of the year. This in combination with initiatives we took, after the mild first quarter helped us achieve an overall increase of 2% over 2023 that, is considerably lower than the original guidance. Regarding our weather normal sales for 2024, as you can see on Pages 13 and 14 in our earnings packet, both retail electric and natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin were relatively flat year-over-year. For 2025, we're projecting weather normal retail electric sales in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mine to grow 0.7%, and retail gas sales in Wisconsin excluding power generation to grow 1.9% from the 2024 level. Now back to our earnings comparison. Regarding our investment in American Transmission Company, earnings increased $0.07 compared to 2023. We recognized $0.05 in Q4, from the FERC order that resolved certain MISO, ROE complaints and set the ROE at 10.48%. The remaining $0.02 improvement in ATC earnings, was driven by continued capital investment. Earnings at our energy infrastructure segment grew $0.13 in 2024, compared to 2023. $0.03 were driven by additional investment in our power, the future plans and the remaining $0.10 related to WEC infrastructure. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our corporate and other segments, decreased to $0.01. Higher interest expense was substantially offset, by tax and other items. Overall, we improved our performance by $0.25 per share on an adjusted basis in 2024. Next, let's look at our earnings guidance. For the first quarter, this year we project to earn in the range of $2.13 per share to $2.23 per share. This forecast takes into account January weather, and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. Remember last year we earned $1.97 per share in the first quarter, and as Scott stated for the full year 2025, we are reaffirming our annual guidance of $5.17 to $5.27 per share. Finally, some comments on financing. In 2024, we successfully executed over $4.5 billion of external funding, including almost $200 million of common equity. In 2025, consistent with previous disclosures, we expect to issue $700 million to $800 million of common equity, via our ATM program, as well as the dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans, including this as a reminder, total common equity financing over the next five years is still expected to be between $2.7 billion and $3.2 billion. Going forward, to support the region's strong economic growth and our capital investment, we continue to expect any incremental capital, will be funded with 50% equity content. Overall, we are confident in our long-term EPS growth, CAGR of 6.5% to 7%. With that, I'll turn it back to Scott.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Xia. Now, as you may have seen, our Board in its January meeting, increased the dividend by 6.9% to an annualized $3.57 per share. This will mark the 22nd consecutive year that our shareholders will be rewarded with higher dividends. The increase is consistent with our policy of paying out 65% to 70% of our earnings in dividends. Overall, we are on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we are now ready for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, guys.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, Scott. Surprisingly, a couple of data center questions for you. First, I just want to. Scott, if it's okay, just want to touch on the recent Cloverleaf data center announcement. Looks like it's a 1,000 acre of campus in Port Washington. There's been some local headlines have kind of indicated that, there's been pushback from the constituencies and some of the local, obviously ratepayers. Could we just get a status there? What's the timing, expectations? How many megawatts is the project expected to be, and would this be incremental to your current plan? Thanks.
Scott Lauber: Sure. Absolutely. So, they announced the plan up in Port Washington, which is just North of Milwaukee. And our understanding it's about 1,700 acres. So a little over the 1,000. There was an announcement at one-time being 1,000, but I think they're up to 1,700 acres now. And right now the initial look, and in their initial announcement they talk about a gigawatt of additional, which would be all incremental to our plan. I think there's, it's early stages yet. So 1,700 acres provide a lot of opportunities. And my understanding is Port Washington, and the city of Port Washington has been very, very constructive and positive on the development. So we're excited about it. I think Cloverleaf is excited about it, and looks like a good opportunity for all of us.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just sorry Scott, any opportunity would be incremental to the current plan?
Scott Lauber: Correct? Correct. So that 1,800 megawatts that we talked about in our current five-year plan, that never contemplated any of this, that was just announced. And when we wait till the customers make an announcement, like I said before, we've talked to a lot of data centers, and other developers, but as they make announcements that's when we'll first start rolling them into our plan. We'll take time now as we go through the plan and working with them this summer, and when does that stage, throughout the five-year plan and into the future five-year capital.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just touching on just some of the recent Microsoft news. There's obviously been reports, and we're seeing it. They're acquiring more land in Wisconsin so it looks like it's full speed ahead. Obviously the deep sea headlines, have caused some confusion around U.S. spending opportunities, and then there's Stargate. Are you seeing any sort of impacts in either direction with the Microsoft spending opportunities or trajectory? So just any kind of visibility there, and is there any update on the tariff negotiations? Thanks.
Scott Lauber: Sure. So in the Microsoft, in fact I was listening to the Microsoft conference call to get Intel, on what their thoughts are on DeepSeek and other conference calls, about it and everything I've heard is, if AI becomes more efficient, more people will use it, and the demand is going to still be there. So, we also internally when we saw DeepSeek and other discussions about that, we reached out to data centers and even you know, the discussion that happened in Cloverleaf is after the DeepSeek. So all our all our capacity plans, and all our growth plans are still intact. There's no changes there. So that's been all very positive what we have seen. And just to be very clear, there was an area, two areas in the Microsoft project that was paused. The one area has been release of the pause, design issues that they're looking at. And then the other area is still being reviewed, on design items that they're looking at. I think, it has to deal with looking at a closed loop water system, so that we expect to get more information on that in the next couple months. So all moving forward there, we're actively working with these large, very large customers on tariffs. We expect something probably in the next six months that, we'll be filing with them. But, we're all aligned on what we need to do in order, to be fair on cost allocation. And they all agree they need to pay their fair share. So more to come, but all positive.
Shar Pourreza: Fair enough. Scott, thanks again. Super helpful color. See you soon. Bye.
Scott Lauber: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Appicelli with UBS. Your line is open.
Bill Appicelli: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Bill.
Bill Appicelli: Hi. Just going, a little bit expanding on the - incremental demand that you're seeing. I mean, as we look across, the 1,800 megawatts you guys outlined, back in Q4, can you just remind us of what the generation capacity looks like, and when you factor in the combustion turbines and some of the stuff that's in the current plan. And where does that get you in terms of net length in the system, relative to what may be another wave of incremental demand from - maybe from Cloverleaf, or from additional Microsoft development?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And as we put our five-year plan together last fall with the 1,800 megawatts in the Southeastern Wisconsin region, which is all the great economic development going on in the region in addition to Microsoft. We are looking at the generation plan and the MISO rules, and really building to what we need for capacity, to support the MISO rules and the economic development. So there's not excess capacity out there. This would all be incremental support that we'd need for reliable capacity. So that will be reflected in our updated capital plans going forward?
Bill Appicelli: Okay. Right. So, if projects like Cloverleaf were to come to fruition and a Microsoft expansion that, would likely need to be supported by additional generation investments?
Scott Lauber: That is correct. And a lot of these investments, are looking for a mix of not just reliable gas capacity, but also renewables in a generation mix, just like we lay out in our plans.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then, I mean, how quickly can that be developed? I mean, there's a lot of talk in the market about just the lead times, for putting in additional generation capacity, and whether or not that syncs up with sort of the development profiles, or timelines of some of the data centers and large load customers?
Scott Lauber: That's a good question, because a lot of people, a lot of people have plans and everyone wants to move very fast. Would you look at to develop a data center starting with a farm field along with the transmission and the generation - it could take three to four years to get there. But that's why we're working hand in glove with them and American Transmission company to continue to grow, and what we need to do to deliver.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then just lastly on the system modernization program hearings last week, I guess what should we make of the decision when we get it? I mean does that have any impact on the gas CapEx outlook in Illinois, in the more near term, or do we need to see what the future of natural gas proceeding kind of yields, before we can make any longer term, capital decisions?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And just to give you a little color, what we currently have in our plan is approximately $90 million annually to support, facility relocates for like the city of Chicago, or any key reliability or safety issues that we need to address. So it's about $90 million. In our filings we talked about in order to get back to a plan that would take up, to about 300 million of capital. Now remember, the decision will come, we expect in February and we'll kind of gauge what's going off of their decision. But it would take a while to ramp up, because remember we were told to pause and stop all activity and reduce that spending. So we'd have to put more contracts in place, go through the permitting, go through the engineering, all of that. So take a while to ramp up. But we'll see what comes out of that decision in February. We expect it in February, March.
Bill Appicelli: All right, great. Thank you so much.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi team, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to start off, any updates on Point Beach. I know you were kind of talking with NextEra. Are there any updates there since we last spoke?
Scott Lauber: No, there really hasn't been any updates. And just so everyone recalls, the contract at Point Beach, the first lease ends in 2030 and the PPA, the second PPA ends in 2033. So it's not, it's not a fire drill that we're actively at it, and you could, we've been busy with a lot of stuff. And I think you can tell NextEra has been busy on a lot of stuff. So it hasn't been on the front burner for all of us. I expect, we'll have more information in the first half of the year.
Durgesh Chopra: That's perfect. Thank you, Scott. And then, maybe just a big picture question, with these tariffs, how should we - how should investors think about implications to Wisconsin and just broadly utilities? Seems like these China tariffs are in effect right now. We're not sure how long they'll last. But how are you thinking through all of this?
Scott Lauber: Well, we're watching them very closely, as you can imagine. In the China tariffs could affect us somewhat, when you think about some of the solar projects we have, and some of the sourcing that's needed. But once again, it's not a large part of the solar projects. So we think it's very manageable where they're currently at. And the tariffs that we, potentially out of Canada, Canada and Mexico. We were watching very closely also, along with the cost of gas. But even with the cost of gas, when you're watching it at a 10% tariff that, was moving that gas cost from $3 to $3.30 and that's a small portion of the gas supply that we have. And we saw the gas prices move a lot faster, with just some cold weather coming across. So, we think it's going to be manageable, but we're watching them very closely.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you, Scott. Really appreciate the time.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Carly Davenport: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. You referenced before renewable capacity as being part, of what is being considered by some of these large load customers. I guess do you see any implications from new policy priorities post inauguration that could potentially impact the cadence of your capital investment in renewables?
Scott Lauber: There's a potential and we're evaluating all of that, as we see what goes on with the administration, and the tariffs and production tax credits. However, I do think, that production, the PTCs will continue, and they won't just be phased out immediately. I think there's a longer term benefit for a lot of people, a lot of construction jobs, a lot of value for our customers. So I'm not anticipating big changes there. But of course all of us, including large customers are watching it. But at this time I don't see any issues on the horizon.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Great. That's helpful. And then maybe just a housekeeping item. Just with the O&M coming in lower in 2024, versus your expectations. Any color that you can provide, on how we should think about the year-over-year impacts for O&M looking to 2025?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And I'll let. And remember, there's a lot of this, because of individual projects didn't come into service. And a lot of new projects are coming online in 2025. But Xia has pulled together some analysis. I'll let her walk you through it.
Xia Liu: Yes, Carly. So over, remember, '24 came in about 5% less than what we originally forecasted. And some of that is short-term initiatives to offset the mild heating season. And some of that is delayed of capital put in service. So we need to restore that kind of run rate first of all. And on top of that we have new projects, we will put in service this year. And also in the current, the last weekly season Wisconsin, the commission approved some increase in reliability spending, particularly for vegetation management. If you add all those moving pieces, it could be a relatively bigger growth year-over-year, but it's all like - driven by the factors I mentioned already.
Carly Davenport: Got it. And when you say higher relative growth year-over-year, are you talking about in reference to the original guidance for '24, or where you actually ended up coming in?
Xia Liu: When compared to original guidance, it's pretty normal. But if you compare to what 2024 came in, it could be, I don't know, 8% to 10% growth year-over year.
Carly Davenport: Okay. Got it. That's super helpful. Thanks so much for the time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good afternoon team. Thank you guys very much. Hope you guys are doing well.
Scott Lauber: Yes, thanks, Julien. Yes, we're doing great in Wisconsin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Hi, just a couple cleanup items here following up first in Illinois. I want to come back to this, because that staff recommendation for Option 3 at seven point, this was $1.9 billion. That was a big number. Obviously you've put in, a fairly modest plan here. How much of a delta is there, versus what you guys have reflected? I mean I just again, I get that apples-to-apples is difficult to discern at times, but how would you characterize that, as far as the comparison?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And to get up to that staff number, because they even said we should maybe do it at the same pace, or even a little bit faster. To get up to that staff number, we'd have to ramp up to $300 million to maybe $350 million a year in the short-term. And then, go higher than that as you get through just with - you're factored in just different inflation and stuff. So we'll see where that goes. But that would be, 200, so a little over $200 million more than what's annually more than what's in our plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right, thanks for trying to reconcile. I know it's tricky on the fly here, and then just going back to. I know there's been a lot of focus on the data center stuff, but I just want to make sure I got this right here. Do we know the quantum of megawatts? I thought there was like a 3 gigawatt number out there with Cloverleaf? Do we have any sense of timing at all on the ramp? And similarly for Phase 3, what would be contemplated on ramp? I just want to make sure - I have a sense from you even, which you were to get details here the quantum of gigawatts, and especially the ramp rate. And would this be ready for like a, some updates this year? It sounds like Maybe that's not a '25 event in as much as it could take some time to come together on those issues?
Scott Lauber: Sure, sure. In Cloverleaf you know, it is a tremendously nice site. It's a great opportunity. And in our prepared remarks we said a gigawatt. I have heard that it could be significantly larger. Like you mentioned. I anticipate that if things continue to move as they have that we could start seeing some construction perhaps this fall. But that ramp rate, then to actually get to energy flowing probably would take three to four years, I would imagine to flow substantial amounts. So probably in that '28 or '29 timeframe. But we're working with them, and working with American Transmission Company to provide services, as fast as they can. They need it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Phase 3 says similar dynamic that maybe - the punchline is would you expect there to be kind of a tangible update, by the end of this year, kind of in your normal course…?
Scott Lauber: Absolutely.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just to set expectations today?
Scott Lauber: Absolutely. Okay. Great. Yes, I think - there'll be more of an update, by the end of this year absolutely, with our updated five-year plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Perfect. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate the time.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: My first question, and you might have just been alluding to this a moment ago, but I was wondering when we might get the next updates to the long-term spending plans. You typically give those in November. I know, but you've already mentioned $2 billion of MISO transmission spending with maybe almost $2 billion more to come soon. The Cloverleaf spending adding, more incremental CapEx and possibly some other needs. Should we expect to hear anything between now and November, or would we wait till the later in the year for your typical timing?
Scott Lauber: Sure, that's a great question. And just to set expectations, I anticipate it'll be in that October, November time frame and here's why. The American transmission growth that we're talking about 2.1, that's most likely in that '28, '29, more in the '29, '30 and past timeframe. So later out farther. So it really won't affect this five-year plan as much. And then as you think about these additional megawatt hour sales potential. As we said, it'll take a while to ramp up, probably later in the five-year plan, and we'll pull all those plans together right now. So it's not like it's really going to affect dramatically in '25 or '26 or '27 probably.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And then, I guess similar question on the regulatory front. You obviously just completed your two-year rate case in Wisconsin, but you'll probably need to make some important investment decisions, sooner than the next rate cases. So you made the comment about a quiet regulatory calendar, but how do we juxtapose that with a very busy environment, with economic development?
Scott Lauber: Sure, that is a very good question. And we have from a rate case perspective, it's very quiet. From a Wisconsin perspective, as we have significant number of projects at the commission right now for approval. So I think we have close to $5 billion of projects sitting at the commission between, the gas generation which includes CTs and RICE units, a gas lateral, the LNG plant that we put in service to have that additional reliability, plus solar, wind and some battery capacity. There's a lot of projects at the commission to get approval. When they get approval, they get approved, which we anticipate some of the gas turbines to get approved by, probably in the second or third quarter. We'll start construction and during that period, we're really incurring or earning AFUDC on those projects. And then, they'll go into future rates, and probably future rate cases. It takes a while to build. So we do have a, a very busy schedule getting approval on projects.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. That's really helpful. And one last one. At WEC Infrastructure, I believe you've now completed all of your planned spending for the five-year outlook. So first question, am I correct that 2025 will still have some earnings growth thanks to the recently completed projects? And then second, how do you think about your appetite for incremental unregulated projects? You obviously have a ton of utility opportunities. How do you think about the opportunity for more stuff at [WECKY].
Scott Lauber: Sure. And you described it very well. We've had two projects that came in the end of last year. One we expect to close, the next one we expect to close in the first quarter this year. So there's incremental, which includes incremental production tax credits. But you hit the nail on the head. We have so much growth in Wisconsin and American Transmission Company that, right now we don't have anything in our plans for that WEC infrastructure. Now, never say never, but right now we really don't have any plans in that infrastructure, because we have so much to execute within the utilities.
Andrew Weisel: All right, very good. Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Sullivan: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hi, hi. Scott. Wanted to go back to just the sales growth conversation. I think, given everything seems on track with maybe even upward bias, I think you're pointing to just shy of a 1% growth, on the electric side this year. Are we going to get into that like 4.5%, 5% range by next year? Is that still a fair assumption to work with?
Scott Lauber: Yes, and Xia has looked at that. We're slowly going to start to see some ramp up. But really the big stuff goes into service in 2026. Xia any other?
Xia Liu: No, I think that's it. Embedded in that 0.7% growth is the LC&I growth, which is about 1.9%, Michael. So that's a good, nice ramp up from, where we landed in 2024. And I mean, everybody is focused on data centers, but we really have really good growth across all the 16 sectors that we track. Just to give you a sense, 11 of the 16 sectors last year had positive or relatively flat growth by the end of 2024. So we feel really good about the forecast for '25, and we think the 4.5% to 5% will be reached maybe in the, I don't know, late 2026 time frame.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Very helpful. Appreciate the color there. And then switching back to the ATC side of things, just the upside potential beyond the $2.1 billion. When would you anticipate getting some clarity on that? Whether it be competitive bids or the ROFR option?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And the ROFR option, American Transmission Company is working with the legislature, to hopefully get something adopted, or proposed and hopefully approved in this quarter or this first half of the year. And then I think if there's a bidding option, I think those bids would be required. If we don't get the ROFR, those bids you require probably in the first half of this year, too. So more would come in the next couple next year or so here. Now, when we look at the ROFR and the ROFR, when you're in Wisconsin and you have the ROFR, it's a great investment for our - for American Transmission Company. But it also, when you look at the cost and how they're allocated, it's a good investment also for our Wisconsin customers. It saves money for them, too. So we think there's a great opportunity for the ROFR in Wisconsin.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Jeremy, how you doing?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. How about yourself?
Scott Lauber: Not bad, not bad, good.
Jeremy Tonet: Just a real quick one from me, right. I was thinking with regards to your experience with the RICE engines there. We hear a lot about speed to market these days. Do you think your experience with RICE units, be it at the utility or WECKY would offer you kind of the ability to give a differentiated service as it relates to speed to market?
Scott Lauber: Well, that's a good question. And we have the RICE units in our plan. We've got three sites of RICE units up and running. Very happy with the RICE units. And we have a combination of RICE units along with CTs. So we look at it, kind of at all of the above and how do we grow our generation to be reliable? And RICE units is just part of the complement. I don't know. I think it's good to have them part of our mix. But I don't know, if we just go 100% with RICE units or CT. So it's been a combination. So they're very good and they've been very effective for us, as we've been using them in our load here for a couple years now.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. Thanks. And I might have missed it earlier, if you touched on it already. Sorry, but any thoughts on OpenAI CFO mentioning Wisconsin, as a possible data center site, and beyond Microsoft? Could you walk us through your ability to accommodate if you do get more of these, more people coming in?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And like I said, our development people are talking all the time with potential opportunities, and we work with them and kind of lay out the game plan. You need to get transmission, but in order to get orders in and stuff, you need to significant in, your purchase cancellation agreements, to protect our core customers. So we're working with a variety of people. So potentially there's even more out there. But we just got to get into the queue, and lay out a game plan with them. So there's always more potential.
Jeremy Tonet: Got a quick last one if I could. With all this hitting in the back end of the plan, how do you think this might impact the CAGR?
Scott Lauber: We're going to put all that together this summer as we look at our fall here, and we'll update that and whatever we decide to do, they'll come on our third quarter call.
Jeremy Tonet: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg. Your line is open.
Paul Fremont: Thank you. Quick question of clarification for the sort of for the Microsoft pause. My understanding is that the closed loop design, is also being used in Arizona. Is the pause, Wisconsin specific, or is it more generic to all of their facilities that are going to use the closed loop design?
Scott Lauber: Well, I don't know the specifics of what's going on the other projects. I did read that there, projects going forward, new projects including Arizona and Mount Pleasant will pilot, zero water evaporating designs in 2026. So I can't speak to the other projects in Microsoft's area. I know ours is a short pause here, and they've already started one of the sites back up. It's just the one that's on a pause still.
Paul Fremont: Great. And then just a quick question on sort of any comments on the NextEra GE Vernova partnership and what impact that might have on the availability of gas turbines, as you move out into the future?
Scott Lauber: That's a good question. And what we have in our five-year plan, we have already sites to that generation, and we'll see what the demand is, as we continue to work with our large customers for '29, '30, '31. I mean there's no doubt that GE is probably ramping up their supply, and their ability deliver more units. So we'll see where it goes.
Xia Liu: Paul, the good news for us is our current CTS and generation plan. In the current five-year plan, we already signed the contract, so we're ready to move right now for this phase.
Paul Fremont: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Scott Lauber: Thanks Paul.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just a few quick questions so on. In Illinois, when you guys had your gas case, there was an Ameren gas case that, was kind of at the same time frame. And they've gotten an order from the appeals court that reversed some of the denials, or some of the denials and what have you. And I was wondering how you felt, how that. If that has any - impact on your thoughts regarding, the gas situation would you set your S&P, or your other. I think you guys also appealed your gas case, or if I'm not wrong, if there's any maybe carryover there that you might be thinking about?
Scott Lauber: Sure, that's a good question. And I did see where some of those repeals were sent back to the commission. And we also have appealed our rate case order specifically, as it related to some of our service center facilities that were denied 100%, and other aspects of the case. We'll see where our appeals go as it relates to the S&P. I think we'll, I think our record was very clear. It's needed for reliability. It's needed for safety. There's a lot of old pipes in the city of Chicago. In fact, we're working on one back from 1861. So I think the facts of the case are going to drive it as the S&P for what we'll see in the next quarter here. On the appeal, we'll see where the court goes with our appeal. I think it's in a different circuit, but it's somewhat positive to see appeal that Ameren won, a few of them to go back to the commission.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then finally, just a. Just a bookkeeping on the extinguishment of debt. What are your expectations in going forward, on what kind of opportunities might be there with respect to that category?
Xia Liu: Well, we've been using that as a, you know, I don't know. It's not in the plan, but we try to be opportunistic. Last December, when we extinguished some of the debt, we were able to realize some gain, but really also kind of neutral for 2025. So we want to be flexible. And if. If you have a really bad year in weather, or something, that could be a tool for us to consider. And so, but it's not in the base plan.
Scott Lauber: And we'll have to also see what the market's like at that time.
Xia Liu: Exactly.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And the opportunities are being driven pretty much by interest rates. Is that how we should think about it, or is there anything else? Something unusual that doesn't come to mind?
Xia Liu: We'll see market conditions, interest rates, and everything around it.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Scott Lauber: Thank you. Well, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating. If you have any more questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka at 414-221-4639.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2024 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Before the conference call begins, please note that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. This call also will include non-GAAP financial information. The company has provided reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the materials posted on its website for this conference call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Scott Lauber, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Scott Lauber: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the third quarter of 2024. Here with me are Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported third quarter 2024 adjusted earnings of $0.82 per share. This excludes a charge of $0.06 per share related to the disallowance of certain 2016 capital expenditures under the Qualifying Infrastructure Plant rider in Illinois. With this solid quarter, we remain on track for a strong 2024. Our focus on executing the fundamentals of our business is creating real value for our customers and stockholders. Today we're reaffirming our earnings guidance for the year. On an adjusted basis the range is $4.80 to $4.90 a share. Of course, this assumes normal weather through the remainder of 2024. We continue to see strong foundation of growth in the region. The unemployment rate in Wisconsin stands at 2.9%, continuing a long-running trend below the national average. Microsoft is making good progress on its large data center complex in Southeast Wisconsin. The company has continued to increase its landholdings as part of this development. It has been reported that Microsoft now owns more than 1,900 acres, up from 1,300 acres at the beginning of the year and work is well underway. We're seeing development elsewhere in the state as well. Amazon for example, opened a 1.1 million square foot warehouse in Kenosha earlier this year. The company is growing steadily with additional distribution facilities and is also starting to use electric delivery vans in its fleet. And in Green Bay, Georgia-Pacific completed a major mill expansion just last month, with an investment of $550 million. Of course, this growth is spawning small commercial and residential development throughout the region. This highlights the strength and the potential of our local economy and underscores the need for the investments in our updated capital plan. And speaking of capital plan, we're very excited to roll out the plan for the period 2025 through 2029. As you may have seen from our announcement this morning, we expect to invest $28 billion over the next five years. This is the largest capital plan in our history, an increase of $4.3 billion above our previous five-year plan. That's more than an 18% increase. Once again, a major factor in our plan is the economic growth we're seeing in Southeastern Wisconsin, particularly in what we call the I-94 corridor between Milwaukee and the Illinois State line. This plan supports 1,800 megawatts of additional demand over the next five years. That's an incremental 400 megawatts from our previous plan. In our new 5-year plan, we expect our asset-based growth to an average rate of 8.8% a year. This supports our long-term projected earnings per share growth of 6.5% to 7% a year on a compound annual basis. As I mentioned, we increased our capital plan by $4.3 billion, driven by an increase in regulated electric generation, transmission and distribution and partially offset by a reduction in energy infrastructure. Let me give you a few updates on the details. Over the next five years, we'll continue to transform our power generation fleet to support economic growth, reliability and compliance with the EPA rules by investing in renewables and natural gas generation. Between 2025 and 2029, we plan to increase our investment in regulated renewables by $2.1 billion over our prior plan. In total, we plan to invest $9.1 billion in 2,900 megawatts of solar, 900 megawatts of wind and almost 600 megawatts of battery storage. That adds up to 4,400 megawatts more than quadrupling our carbon-free generation from where we are today. These resources save on fuel cost and provide benefits to customers through tax credits. To support economic growth and system reliability when the wind doesn't blow and the sun doesn't shine and on those extreme weather days, we need dispatchable resources. We expect to spend an incremental $900 million on modern efficient natural gas generation over the next five years versus the prior plan. This includes both combustion turbines and reciprocating internal combustion engines or RICE units. Also we plan to invest an additional $400 million in liquefied natural gas capacity for another two Bcf facility. This will be used to meet customer demand for heating and ensure gas supply for our power generation. In addition, American Transmission Company will be adding transmission capabilities to serve the region's robust economic growth, connecting new renewables and strengthening of the system. Our plan calls for us to invest $3.2 billion in that effort between 2025 and 2029. This represents a $200 million increase from the previous plan. And to help ensure reliability and support economic growth, we're continuing to invest in our distribution networks with an additional $700 million in the plan. Given the significant investment opportunity in our regulated businesses, we have reduced our planned investments in our infrastructure segment by $800 million compared to the last plan. This leaves us approximately $400 million in the plan for next year. And today, I'm pleased to announce our plan to acquire a 90% interest in Hardin Solar III Energy Park located in Ohio. We expect to invest approximately $410 million to add 250 megawatts of renewable energy to our infrastructure portfolio when the projects come online, currently expected in the first quarter of 2025. Our future is bright, investment opportunity has never been stronger and we're focused on execution. We look forward to providing more detail on our plan in just a few weeks at the EEI conference. Turning to the regulatory front, I have a few updates across our service areas. In Wisconsin, rate reviews are nearly complete for test years 2025 and 2026. All testimony and hearings are concluded in the case and we expect the decision by the end of the year with new rates effective January 1, 2025. As you know, in Michigan, the Public Service Commission has now approved the settlement in the 2025 rate cases for both Michigan Gas Utilities and Upper Michigan Energy Resources, each with an ROE of 9.86%. And in Illinois, we're actively engaged in two dockets. One is the review of the Safety Modernization Program. The next steps are an ALJ proposed order at the end of November, final briefings to the ICC in December and the commission's final decision expected in the first quarter of 2025. The other docket is an evaluation of the future of natural gas in Illinois, which was initially planned to conclude next year. The ICC has extended this docket into 2026. Of course, we'll keep you updated on any further developments. Now, I'll turn it to Xia to provide you with more details on our financial results and our financing plans.
Xia Liu: Thank you, Scott. Turning now to earnings. Our third quarter 2024 adjusted earnings were $0.82 per share. This excludes the $0.06 per share charge related to the disallowance of certain 2016 capital expenditures under the QIP rider in Illinois. While this was a decrease of $0.18 per share quarter-over-quarter, we did exceed our Q3 guidance range, driven by more favorable September weather, financing and timing of tax items compared to the guidance. As Scott indicated, we remain on track to meet our 2024 adjusted earnings guidance. Now let's look at our quarter-over-quarter variances. Our earnings package includes a comparison of adjusted third quarter results on Page 16. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, adjusted earnings in the third quarter of 2024 were $0.18 lower when compared to 2023. This decrease was driven by the Illinois rate design change, higher O&M, depreciation and amortization and interest expense. These items more than offset favorable weather, timing of fuel expense, taxes and other items. Specifically on weather, compared to normal conditions, we estimate that weather had a $0.02 positive impact in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a $0.01 positive impact in 2023. Also, as I reminded you on the last few calls, with the rate design changes at Peoples Gas, base revenues are now more concentrated in the first and fourth quarters when natural gas usage is the highest. This shift resulted in lower third quarter earnings when compared to the prior year. Before I turn to earnings at the other segments, let me briefly discuss our weather-normal electric sales for the quarter. Retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mine, were up four-tenth of 1% quarter-over-quarter. Sales from residential and small C&I segments, both slightly increased compared to Q3 last year. Overall, year-to-date, retail electric volumes are in line with our forecast. Looking at ATC, continued capital investment contributed an incremental $0.01 to Q3 earnings compared to 2023. Remember, we have been recognizing earnings at 10.38% ROE. I'll discuss in a few minutes that we have some tailwinds in Q4 related to FERC's recent decision of 10.48% ROE. And in our Energy Infrastructure segment, earnings improved to $0.06 in the third quarter of 2014 compared to the third quarter of 2023. This was primarily driven by production tax credits resulting from higher PTC rates approved by the IRS in the third quarter as well as a quarter-over-quarter increase in production from our renewable generation facilities. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment decreased $0.07 as a result of the impact of tax timing and higher interest expense. As Scott noted, we are reaffirming our 2024 annual guidance on an adjusted basis. That range is $4.80 to $4.90 per share. This includes October weather and assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Year-to-date compared to last year, we are $0.07 behind, largely due to weather. However, looking ahead, we have some tailwinds in Q4 this year. This will help us to achieve our adjusted earnings guidance. For example, as I mentioned just now, we have been recognizing earnings at ATC assuming a 10.38% ROE. With FERC's decision on the 10.48%, we will be able to unwind a reserve at ATC in Q4 to reflect this change. This item is about $0.05 a share that we have included in our guidance. And recall, weather was $0.07 unfavorable in Q4 last year. Assuming normal weather for the remainder of this year, it also should be a tailwind. Overall, we remain on track to meet our 2024 adjusted earnings guidance. Now turning to our financing plan. For 2024 we continue to utilize dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans to issue common equity. Also, we have now formally put in place an ATM program which we plan to tap into during this quarter. Overall, we still project that our common equity issuance will be up to $200 million for 2024. Beyond 2024, Scott has outlined our new five-year capital plan. I'll spend few minutes discussing our anticipated financing plan. You can find this information on page 22 of the earnings package. As you can see on the chart over the next five years we expect cash from operations to fund $18.5 billion to $19.5 billion or about 60% of our cash needs. About $9.5 billion to $10 billion or 31% of the funding is expected to come from incremental debt. This could include some junior subordinated notes or other instruments with equity content. And the remaining 9% of cash is expected to be funded by common equity. This range is between $2.7 billion to $3.2 billion. As I said previously, the cadence of common equity is a function of capital. Given the strong capital plan in 2025, we expect common equity to be between $700 million to $800 million. All-in-all compared to the prior five-year plan we expect about 50% of the $4.3 billion additional capital to be financed with increased equity content. Finally, as shown on page 21 of the earnings package, through our capital allocation we expect the percent of asset base in our regulated electric businesses to grow faster over the next five years. This is driven by the strong economic development and demand growth in Wisconsin and our continued energy transition plans. At the same time, the percent of asset base in gas distribution and contracted renewables is expected to decline. Particularly, you can see that we expect our asset base in Illinois to decline from 16% in 2023 to 10% in 2029 with only 9% at Peoples Gas. In closing, we are excited about our company's future and investment opportunities ahead of us. With that I'll turn it back to Scott.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Xia. Finally, a quick reminder about the dividend. I expect we'll provide our 2025 dividend plan and earnings guidance in December. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're positioned well within the range so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth of the earnings per share. Overall, we're on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're now ready for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Now we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, Scott. Hey, Xia.
Scott Lauber: How are you doing?
Shar Pourreza: All right. Not too bad. Let me just -- I know this is kind of a repeated question from me but I have to ask just given the size in your kind of resource mix want to just touch on Point Beach for a sec. I mean obviously many of the infrastructure segment PPAs roll off around the time of the Point Beach PPA. Are those kind of viable alternatives? If you can't get there with NextEra, would you look to backstop them with dispatchable capacity so some incremental spend there? Just directionally how is that bid-ask progressing?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And as just a reminder for everyone our PPA with Point Beach and I think the one contract ends at December of 2030 the other is March of 2033. And like we talked about we have been in very constructive discussions on the Point Beach with NextEra. We're making good progress on both sides. We've been really busy up here with Wisconsin rate case. I think they've been busy down there with some hurricane activity. So we're making good progress more to come. I expect you'll see more in the next six months. But lining up really well we think for everybody.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That's helpful. And then obviously Scott very healthy CapEx update. I just -- I'm not getting a strong sense on why we saw sort of that CapEx reduction on the infrastructure side. I think it's been some time there's been some sort of a deemphasis of that segment. I just want to get a better sense on what's driving it. Is it sort of a capital allocation return issue? Is the kind of the demand for contracted renewable slowed? I guess what exactly is going on in that segment? Should we kind of start tempering our expectations there?
Scott Lauber: No. I mean what we looked at it last year when we went through the plan we had actually reduced that segment also just because of the amount of economic development. And then as what happened in Illinois and we reduced our capital plan there we said we're going to spend about $800 million incremental. And the last contract we announced here hits our investment profiles and it fills that amount of the $800 million we said we're going to do. We just have a lot of capital within the regulated utility with the economic development going on in Wisconsin and we just want to concentrate on that. The economics have been good on the other -- in the infrastructure segment it's just we've got a lot to deploy here in Wisconsin so we're going to concentrate on that.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That is perfect. We'll see you in a week in Florida and congrats on getting warmer. Appreciate It.
Scott Lauber: Absolutely, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good afternoon. How you guys doing?
Scott Laube: Good. How you doing, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just talking about Illinois a little bit more here. I mean on PGL here a few different options that have been put on the table here and there's a staff rack out there how do you think about that Option 3? I suppose about $7 billion-ish through 2040. How does that compare with what you guys are updating here today? And is there any upside vis-a-vis what you guys are embedding against that proposed outcome here? I'll let you guys comment.
Scott Lauber: Sure. That's a good question. And Option 3 just to get everyone on the same page Option three has the spending and it's the option -- it's the lowest spending option. It's the preferred option by PGL. And then staff also came out ICC staff came out and recommended Option three also that has about $7.2 billion of spending over the period. When you look at what we put together in the five-year plan and Xia and I don't like to have much any white space if any in our 5-year plan; so we took the capital down just to the emergency work and the work needed for facility relocates. So that's about $90 million a year in our plan for the next five years. So if this plan would get picked up I think that could be an upside of maybe $100 million to $150 million maybe $200 million a year. But remember if they would pick that we ramp down those projects very quickly of what we are doing. So it takes a while to ramp back up. But we took basically just the bare minimum and put it in our current 5-year plan. So there would be upside if one of these options is selected.
Operator: Your next question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Go ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. Hey, good afternoon. Maybe just wanted to ask for a little more color on the Wisconsin case that you have pending and maybe why you weren't able to settle there. What some of the sticking points might be? And how you're feeling about the final order coming up?
Scott Lauber: Sure, sure. So we are extremely far in the Wisconsin case. When you think about the Wisconsin case we've gone through all the hearings. In fact the final decision matrix just came out the other day. So we're about as far along in the Wisconsin case that we've ever been this time of the year. So right now the next step is the commission making a decision which they usually do. Historically, it's been the first week in December -- the first or second week in December but they're far along and they've got everything ready for a decision. Now the idea of a settlement -- and we've talked a little bit about settlement. We're very happy where the staff position came out. I think everyone still related to 2 years ago on the settlement that we had in Wisconsin, I think everyone wants to just see the commission go through a case. I'm very comfortable with the commission going through a case and deciding going through the decision matrix. So we just weren't able to come up to a settlement, but I'm not concerned about that. I think overall, our commission is filled with really balanced individuals that understand the importance of reliability and the economic development in the region. So we're ready for a decision. We just don't get there in the settlement, but that's not all bad either. I think everyone wants to see what's going on here. Okay. Does that answer your question?
Michael Sullivan: Yes, it does. Yes, very helpful, Scott. And then I just had two questions just on the earnings side. On this ATC ROE that you're going to book in Q4, I guess how should we think about why you are not raising guidance for that? Or what would have happened if you weren't able to book that?
Scott Lauber: No, that's a good question. And things move around in our forecast. And it came through there. We just got a little bit of timing of some other expenses that we were anticipating maybe would come through a little bit better. But timing, we got to make sure we execute on it. So factoring it all in, and we went through and factored everything through here and comfortable with keeping the guidance where it's at.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then the last one
Xia Liu: Michael, this is Xia. Just remember, we had a really mild first quarter. Year-to-date, we're $0.06 behind on weather. So like Scott said, there are lots of things that have kind of developed throughout the year, and this $0.05 will help us offset some of the weather deficit.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Appreciate that color. And then the last one for me, just to level set ahead of December here. So can you just remind what the base is for your long-term EPS CAGR? And will that shift with the December update? And how do we think about the potential to get back in that 6.5% to 7% range after kind of being short of that this year based on your guide?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And our 6.5% to 7%, and we are still using the 2023 base. I think it was $4.60 as our starting point for our guidance because last year, because of the Illinois decision and some adjustments we had to do there and timing of when we could do our capital investments. So we're keeping that 2023 base this year as we look at our long-term guidance. We will -- we've got to get through the rate case here, and we'll come out with our plan next -- in December after we get through that.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Kalton from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Neil Kalton: Hi. Guys. How are you doing?
Scott Lauber: Good. Hi, Neil.
Neil Kalton: So a quick question, Scott. You opened up talking about the Microsoft that they acquired more land. I think you said 1,900 acres. Is that correct in total?
Scott Lauber: Correct. Correct. So at the beginning of the year, they started about 1,300, and now they're up to 1,900 acres.
Neil Kalton: Okay. Perfect. And then in terms of the CapEx refresh, I know you're kind of waiting on Microsoft to lay out additional plants, what they intend to do. Was there anything in this CapEx revision that sort of incorporated potential spend for what they might do to some extent? Or is that still all to be determined all on the come?
Scott Lauber: So what this has in and what we talked about is 1,800 megawatts of capacity for the region over this 5-year period, which includes Microsoft, which includes getting some demand in from some electric vehicles and all the other economic development in the region. So that's 1,800 megawatts. Just to put that in perspective, our system is about 7,500 megawatts. So it's a little over 20% growth in capacity or demand needs in the region. So all of that is factored into our five-year plan. But just like many other companies, we are getting inquiries from a variety of other data centers. We just don't come out with a number until we really feel comfortable that it's actually going to happen. But if there would be any upside from any future stuff, that would probably be in those outer half of the plan. But based on the conversations, there's just a lot of good discussion on continued economic development in the region.
Neil Kalton: Okay. Okay. Got it. And then I mean so just and maybe it's only limited as to what you can say. But like if Microsoft were to formally announce a Phase 2 would that be something that would necessitate more capacity?
Scott Lauber: That -- we'd have to see what they're -- I mean Microsoft is -- we will let Microsoft make their announcements. Working with them on the demand, I'm not sure if that actually includes some other phases or not. They just -- we work with them on kind of the demand over the period and kind of keep it inside baseball here unfortunately. But that's the way they want to do it which is fine.
Neil Kalton: Okay. Thank you very much.
Scott Lauber: Thanks Neil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Andrew Weisel: Hey everybody. Good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hey Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Just want to clarify a little on the CapEx update. Obviously some very big numbers here and I appreciate the granular detail on the moving pieces. One I wanted to clarify was electric generation. You showed that the total on Page 18 went up by $3.7 billion, but the commentary on Page 17 really only calls out $3 billion. You showed regulated renewables and the natural gas generation. We're missing about $700 million. So, what else is in that bucket? Then it looks like similar there's about a $100 million increase for natural gas distribution. Would I be correct? Is that just higher day-to-day spending and cost inflation? Or have you made some assumptions around regulation and policy changes in Illinois compared to the assumptions you made when you gave the last update in February?
Scott Lauber: Yes. Good questions, really quick analysis of the numbers. So, when you look at the gas distribution and you go behind the numbers it's actually a decrease in Illinois and an increase in the other parts of the service territory Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota; as it relates to adding capital for good customer growth and just other area expansion. I think as you look at the PHMSA rules, there could be some requirements that more capital is needed. Until we see the final PHMSA rules, it's hard to really handicap the final number. So, that's really a plus in the other areas a little decline in Illinois. And in the generation, you're exactly right, there's probably about another $700 million. That's in a variety of projects across the enterprise from looking at upgrading a wind farm to get some additional production tax credits, to adding some more resilience and a few of our generating plants, to looking at other different types of backup storage just to make sure we have that additional resilience. So, it's a variety of items, all in that generation area just so we can make sure we continue to hit that demand.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Then on the transmission side you increased it by $200 million, is that all related to near-term economic development? Would I be correct in assuming that the MISO Tranche 2 stuff is more outside of this forecast period?
Scott Lauber: Yes, you're exactly right. More of the MISO Tranche 2 is going to be after this most likely after this five-year plan, maybe a little bit at the very end, but most of it is going to be after the five-year plan. But we'll know more of that and the final numbers come December.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. And one last one here on the load growth. I think you said you're now expecting 1,800 megawatts of incremental load, that's up from 1,400 megawatts. I don't think you commented on what that means in terms of percentage load growth forecast. Is that something that you can share now? Or is that something you plan to share at EEI?
Scott Lauber: Sure. Sure, we can talk about them now. So, what -- when it looks at a megawatt hour basis and I think these are probably on the low side, but we extended that 4.5% to 5% electric sales growth through 2029. So, we continue to see the volumes on a megawatt-hour basis. And on a megawatt basis, we are at -- up 1,800 on a base of about 7,500. So, that's a little over a 20% increase in the demand on our sales, so very significant demand increase. And I really look at the demand as being a key component because that's really where we have to build the dispatchable resources too to make sure we have enough demand and capacity hit on those peak days. Make sense?
Andrew Weisel: Yes, thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question.
Scott Lauber: Absolutely, Sophie.
Sophie Karp: So, it's a great update all around, right? Your load growth is going higher. Very, very healthy capital update as well. Wisconsin rate case is, in it's going to last innings already. Is there any reason why I guess you wouldn't raise the EPS growth rate when you do refresh your guidance in December? Are there any like offsetting factors we are missing here that would prevent that from happening?
Scott Lauber: That's a good question. And when we looked at it, we did -- we added capital in Wisconsin. We also reduced it in the WEC infrastructure but also looked at Illinois and reducing it. So as we look at it and add in the equity needs and the debt needs, we're very comfortable with that 6.5 to 7. We do have to get through the Wisconsin rate case and really hear what goes on in our Safety Modernization Program in Illinois, which we'll hear in the first quarter of next year. But it's really just being realistic on the financing plans, associated with our capital spending and taking down capital in some of the other areas.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Okay. Thank you. Go for me [ph] we’ll see you at the AI.
Sophie Karp: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey team. Good afternoon. I got some Haribo gummy bears sitting outside my front door. That's my trick-or-treat.
Scott Lauber: Excellent. Excellent. Thank you for supporting the community.
Durgesh Chopra: Bingo. And they are from source from Milwaukee. Okay. So, a couple of questions, Xia. Just -- I know you talked about 50% the capital funded through equity. But when I compare plan -- the prior plan over the current plan, the CapEx has gone up $4.3 billion, but the equity has only gone up roughly $1 billion. It's gone up from like $2 billion and change to $3 billion at the midpoint of the current guidance range. So maybe just why is it -- I would have thought that the equity is a lot higher. Maybe just help us bridge the two planned equity issuance -- equity issuances between the two plans please?
Xia Liu: Yes, I'd be happy to. So the last plan, remember the range was $1.95 billion to $2.35 billion. This plan the range is $2.7 billion to $3.2 billion. So to your point, it's roughly about $800 million increase in common equity. We also are adding some holding company debt, particularly using maybe some hybrid that would give us 50% of the equity content. So if you include that, plus the $800 million of common equity, that's around $2 billion increase in equity content. So our capital has gone up $4.3 billion. We're adding a little over $2 billion of equity content including the $800 million of common equity.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. As always, that is crystal clear. Thank you, Xia. And then maybe just quickly I wanted to follow-up on Delilah solar. Is the plan that's still -- that it completes construction goes into service by the end of the year. Is that still on track?
Scott Lauber: Yes. That is correct. Delilah and Maple Flats are both on track by the end of the year.
Durgesh Chopra: All right. Thank you so much. Appreciate the time.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Good afternoon.
Jeremy Tonet: Happy Halloween, everyone. Just wanted to go into the addition of gas generation, and how that contributes to LNG operations overall? Do you have any thoughts you could share there?
Scott Lauber: Sure, sure. We're adding more gas generation. And as you can imagine, we want to make sure that we have that dispatchable gas -- our own gas within the state of Wisconsin to make sure we can run the generation and keep the houses warm on the gas side. So we added another 2 Bcf in our plan. Literally the one that we're looking at and we filed at the commission is sitting where a coal pile used to sit. So having that stored energy or stored fuel in the state of Wisconsin near the power plants are very helpful to make sure on those coldest days of the year that we have enough energy in the state to be able to run those plants. Couple of years ago we had one of our pipelines not our pipeline but one of our vendors suppliers pipeline had a compressor issue that really made the state of Wisconsin really thin on natural gas. So having those LNG tanks are going to be very critical to keep that reliability.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Very helpful there. And then going a bit further here with this big call on generation broadly in the country, I'm just wondering if you could provide us thoughts on reserve margins how it stands now where it could be going? And as it relates to gas generation, coal generation in particular does it affect retirement timelines given this greater need? And at the same time could CCS be part of the answer here? Just wondering if you have thoughts on these topics?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And gas generation is critical for us as we look at having something dispatchable. I mean today is -- the wind's blowing. But some days the wind doesn't blow or the sun isn't shining. So we are looking at building our generation the mix renewables and gas generation and just to make sure we're staying ahead of the reserve margin that's needed for MISO and they've continued to evolve their rules as more renewables, appropriately as more renewables get on the system to make sure they have seasonal demand and the load following type of needs here and the capacity. So that is very important for us as we continue to grow out our capacity plans. What was your second part?
Jeremy Tonet: Carbon capture with regards to gas generation and just coal plant retirements in general generation…
Scott Lauber: In the carbon capture, for us we don't have any natural place to store the carbon here in Wisconsin. And if we had to do carbon capture, we think it would cost our customers $1 billion to $2 billion more in order to do carbon capture and haul it someplace that you look at where you're going to store it and then you have the transmission of it. So we, of course, looked at it, is it possible? It's just did not seem viable and cost-effective for our customers versus the plan that we're developing here and we laid out in front of you. And when you think about the coal retirements we already retired Oak Creek 5 and 6. The other units 7 and 8, we plan to retire at the end of 2025. And we're doing that because we're putting in some of the more efficient gas generation. And to be quite honest, if we weren't going to retire 7 and 8, we'd have to add additional capital to those plants to have them to extend longer and add the carbon capture. So those are still planning to be in retirements. Some of the plants like Weston 3, we plan on retiring by 2031. We continue to look does it make sense to use natural gas there or some other fuel? I don't know if it'd be economical or not. But it really hasn't adjusted much of our coal adjustments either, our coal plant retirements.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you for that. And just one last quick one if I could as far as 2025 funding needs are concerned for equity content, just wondering is it makes sense for the ATM? Could we see a block? How much transferability I guess is in the mix here?
Scott Lauber: Sure. I'll let Xia take that one.
Xia Liu: Yeah. So we have -- remember we still have the employee benefit plans on. So that will be part of the equity raise for next year. So the ATM should handle the remaining piece fairly easily. So we don't plan to have a block sale right now. The tax credits are already included in the FFO. So on average, we've been selling $100 million to $200 million so far. And as we continue to add renewable projects that number could grow a little bit, but those are already assumed in the FFO.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you. Very helpful. I’ll leave it there.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Barclays. Your line is open.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning or good afternoon rather. Long day. Thank you for taking my question. So just one for me. A lot of things have been answered. I guess just kind of decomposing that 8.8% asset-based growth figure, it does seem like a lot of the growth is coming from Wisconsin. So just what's rate base growth outlook in Wisconsin, as you see it today versus kind of what you've been kind of trending at or executing at the past few years? And that's it for me. Thanks.
Scott Lauber: So when you look at the rate base growth in Wisconsin, it's going to be – oh, I don't know I imagine between 14% and 15%, pretty significant rate base growth. But remember, that's where all the economic growth is. And when you look at the economic growth and we usually look at the growth and try to break it into different components being – whether it's growth from sales, growth from resiliency. And a lot of our growth I would say, I don't know $8 billion to $9 billion that is related to economic development and growth of the support of the economy. So it's really driven that sales are going to help grow into that. So that's significant. And then ATC has good growth. So we're also growing a lot in the American Transmission Company, which is Wisconsin based also but FERC regulated. So a lot of growth in Wisconsin largely driven by economic development.
Xia Liu: Yes. Nick 40% of our – this is Xia. 40% of our total capital is we call the growth capital. So that comes with the large customers paying for their required demand and related cost. So we feel good about the growth in Wisconsin and also the driver for it.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Thanks a lot. See you soon. Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Good afternoon.
Paul Patterson: Just to follow things up. Is there any change – well, first of all, could you just sort of remind me what your what the rate increase outlook is given the new CapEx program, if it's changed at all and just what it is again?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And we're right now going through the rate case in Wisconsin. So if you go out and you start to look at 2027 through 2030, you got to kind of break it into this capital. As Xia said a lot of it's being supported by economic development. So I think rate increases will be in line with inflation. We do have some reliability projects that we're putting in place that we're doing some overhead underground to add more stability as we continue to see some stronger weather patterns and wind patterns across the state. So that may take it maybe 1% above inflation. But for the most part, a lot of this capital is being driven by economic development which will come with megawatt hours and megawatt sales. So it's not like it's all on the back of our retail customers at any means. And Microsoft has said and they put in their testimony, they understand and they need to pay their fair share. They don't plan on subsidizing anyone else but they also realize that they're not supposed to get subsidized either. So they have been perfect. And as we look at potentially other data centers coming in that's kind of – that's the playbook to make sure everyone pays their fair share appropriate amount.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then on the – I apologize if I missed this, but it looked like there was a big increase in gas normalized sales in commercial or something for Q3, when I looked at your...
Scott Lauber: And we can – when you look at Q3, commercial industrial yes, it was up a little bit. Q3 is such a small volume quarter that any little change can affect it. So I would not read much into it. I would look more at the year-to-date where we are. Q3 that could have been just an anomaly with the meter issue or something – I mean there's so smaller volumes in that quarter you got to really look at the year-to-date.
Paul Patterson: Makes sense. Thanks so much. Have a great one.
Scott Lauber: You too.
Scott Lauber: All right. Thanks, everyone. That concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating. If you have any more questions, please feel free to contact Beth Straka at 414-221-4639.
Operator: Call has now ended. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2024 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts and questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted on wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Before the conference call begins, please note that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. And it's now my pleasure to introduce Scott Lauber, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Scott Lauber: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter of 2024. Here with me today are Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2024 earnings of $0.67 per share. We're firmly on track to meet the full-year 2024 guidance of $4.80 to $4.90 a share. This, of course, assumes normal weather for the balance of the year. We continue to see strong foundational growth in our regional economy. The unemployment rate in Wisconsin stands at 2.9%, continuing a long-running trend below the national average. The pipeline of economic activity is particularly strong in what we call the I-94 corridor between Milwaukee and Chicago. For example, just last month, WestRock broke ground on a new facility at the former site of our retired power plants. WestRock is a leading company in paper and packaging solutions with 50,000 employees and 300 plants worldwide. The company called the cutting-edge facility a super plant, stating it will be one of their largest and most advanced plants. And Microsoft is making good progress on the construction of a large data center complex in Southeast Wisconsin. In May, Microsoft announced a broad investment package to strengthen our region as a hub for AI economic activity, innovation and job creation. These investments include a planned $3.3 billion to be spent in cloud computing and AI infrastructure between now and the end of 2026. Microsoft has stated that it expects to bring 2,300 construction jobs to the area by 2025 and 2,000 permanent jobs over time. These developments highlights the strength and the potential of our local economy and underscores the need for the investments in our capital plan. During the second quarter, we continued to move forward on major projects in our capital plan. It's the largest five-year investment plan in our history totaling $23.7 billion for efficiency, sustainability and growth. As we've discussed, the plan is based on projects that are low-risk and highly executable. At the end of May, we closed on our second option at West Riverside Energy Center for $100 million. This adds a 100 megawatts of efficient combined-cycle natural gas generation to our portfolio. You'll recall that last year, we discussed several filings or last quarter we discussed several filings for major projects to support economic growth and reliability in Wisconsin. This includes approximately 1,200 megawatts of efficient natural gas generation at our Paris and Oak Creek sites as well as 2 billion cubic foot liquefied natural gas storage facility and a 33 mile gas lateral to serve the Oak Creek site. In total, these projects combined represent $2.1 billion of investment. Our proposals were submitted to the Wisconsin Commission in April and we expect a decision in approximately a year. Also under review, we filed an application in February to purchase a 90% ownership interest in High Noon Solar Energy Center in Southern Wisconsin. With an expected investment of approximately $580 million, the facility is expected to provide 300 megawatts of solar generation. We have asked the commission to make a decision before the end-of-the year. As a reminder, we expect these investments to earn AFUDC during the construction period after commission approval. And in our WEC Infrastructure segment, the Delilah I solar project is now expected to go into service at the end-of-the year, delayed from June due to a weather event. We plan to invest approximately $460 million for a 90% ownership interest in this project in Northeast Texas. And we still expect our Maple Flats solar project to be in service by the end-of-the year. As you recall, we're investing an additional $560 million this year in our Infrastructure segment. We reallocated away from our operations in Illinois a total of $800 million in our five-year capital plan. Overall, our plan fully supports our long-term earnings growth rate, which we project to be in the 6.5% to 7% range on a compound average annual basis. We're also on schedule with the development of our next five-year plan. And as usual, we expect to share the details with you in the fall. Now I have a few updates on the regulatory front. In Wisconsin, we filed new rate reviews for test year 2025 and 2026 on April 12th. Our request focused on addressing three major areas of need. First, improving reliability and reducing outages from increased storm activity. Second, supporting Wisconsin's economic growth and job creation through investments in new-generation and distribution projects. And lastly, continue the transition from coal generation to renewables and natural gas. Commission staff and intervenor testimony is scheduled for August 21st, we expect a decision by the end-of-the year with new rates effective January 1st, 2025. We have smaller rate reviews and progress at Michigan Gas Utilities and Upper Michigan Energy Resources. We also expect decisions on these reviews by the end of the year. And in Illinois, we've been engaged in three dockets. The Illinois Commerce Commission issued its decision on the first of these, a limited rehearing on the commission's rate order for Peoples Gas at the end of May. The commission had agreed to reconsider our request to restore $145 million for safety modernization program in 2024. This mostly related to emergency work, unfinished projects and work driven by public entities like the City of Chicago. The commission granted $28.5 billion concentrating on what they deemed emergency work. We have appealed this decision to the Illinois Appellate Court along with other items in the rate order, including the commission's previous disallowance of investments in new service centers. We are also actively involved in two remaining dockets. One is the review of the safety monetization program. Staff and intervener rebuttal testimony are expected by August 21st with a commission decision expected in the first quarter of 2025. The other docket is the evaluation of the future of natural gas in Illinois, which is expected to conclude in about a year. Of course, we'll keep you updated on any further developments. Across our business, we continue to make good progress towards our goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions. In May, we retired units five and six at our Oak Creek power plant. Together, those made up over 500 megawatts of coal-fired generation. Including these units since 2018, we've retired nearly 2,500 megawatts of older fossil fuel generation. Finally, a quick reminder about the dividend. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're tracking in that range now and expect the dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth of our earnings per share. Now, I'll turn it to Xia to provide you more details on our financial results and our guidance for the third quarter.
Xia Liu: Thank you, Scott. We earned $0.67 a share for the second quarter. While this was a decrease of $0.25 quarter-over-quarter, we exceeded our Q4 guidance -- Q2 guidance range of $0.60 to $0.64 per share, driven by favorable O&M and financing compared to guidance. As Scott indicated, we're on-track to meet our 2024 earnings guidance. As I reminded you on the last couple of calls, with the redesign changes at Peoples Gas, base revenues are now more concentrated in the first and fourth quarters when natural gas usage is the highest. This earnings shift has impacted our second quarter and will impact our Q3 guidance, which I will discuss in a few minutes. Now, let's look at our quarter-over-quarter variances. Our earnings package includes a comparison of second quarter results on Page 15. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, earnings were $0.19 lower compared to the second quarter of 2023 as a result of higher O&M, fuel, depreciation and amortization, interest and other expenses. A couple of drivers for the day-to-day O&M variance are worth noting. One, we experienced higher storm costs in the current quarter compared to Q2 last year. And two, we benefited in Q2 last year from a land sale at a retired plant site in Wisconsin. Looking ahead, I now expect overall day-to-day O&M in 2024 to be 2% to 3% higher compared to 2023. This is a 4% improvement compared to our initial expectation due to our continued O&M savings initiatives that we expect to realize late this year. The impact of weather was flat for the quarter. Compared to normal conditions, we estimate that weather had a $0.02 negative impact for the second quarter in both 2023 and 2024. Our weather normal electric sales in Wisconsin are relatively flat quarter-over-quarter and are overall in line with our forecast. Looking at ATC, continued capital investment contributed an incremental penny to Q2 earnings compared to 2023. And in our Energy Infrastructure segment, earnings improved $0.02 in the second quarter of '24 compared to the second quarter of '23, driven partially by higher production tax credit at WEC Infrastructure. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment decreased $0.09 as a result of the impact of tax timing and higher interest expense. Now turning to guidance, for the third quarter, we are expecting a range of $0.68 to $0.70 per share. This accounts for July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, it also accounts for the shift in Illinois revenue recognition pattern. Our third quarter 2023 earnings were $1 a share. Once again, we are reaffirming our 2024 earnings guidance of $4.80 to $4.90 per share, assuming normal weather for the rest of the year. Before I turn back to Scott, let me quickly remind you that we continue to utilize dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans to issue common equity. Also, as we said before, we plan to set up an ATM program. Overall, we still project that our common equity issuance will be up to $200 million for 2024. Post 2024, our equity issuances will be tied to our capital spending ratably with approximately $500 million expected per year in the current plan. We look forward to updating you in the fall as we refresh our capital and financing plans. With that, I'll turn it back to Scott.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Xia. Overall, we're on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hi guys, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi, good afternoon, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, Scott. Just -- starting off just on sort of the perennial Microsoft opportunity that always seems to be asked. It's obviously becoming even more kind of topical now. Just remind us on what portion of Microsoft's land acquisition and build is kind of layered in your current plan? And the reason why I ask is that it's obviously now kind of public that they bought a bit more land. And I guess, when do you see this hit your plan more materially? Thanks.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Shar. So just as everyone -- update everyone, they announced spending $3.3 billion through 2024 through 2026, which is on that first about 315 acres that they purchased. And then last fall, they purchased another 1,030 acres. And, of course, we pulled our capital plans together before that 1,000 acres were purchased. And then just this morning, there's been a couple announcements in the paper where they purchased another 173 acres in Southeastern Wisconsin. So we are currently in the process of working with Microsoft and developing our plans for our next five-year plan that we'll roll out this fall in the development. But currently, we really only have the energy and the capacity needs for that first 315 acres.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, that's perfect. So more to come there. And then just lastly on the Delilah I solar project delay, it's roughly six months. I guess, can you just -- maybe a question for Xia is how to think about the offsets around the potential headwind there versus your kind of prior assumption? Thanks.
Xia Liu: Yes. We took that into consideration as we reaffirmed the annual guidance of $4.80 to $4.90. So as I mentioned, we continue to focus on O&M management and financing costs and tax and others. So we're confident that we can offset the downside from the delay.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. That's perfect. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. And hopefully Gale is somewhere tropical listening to this earnings call. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Scott Lauber: He probably is.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good afternoon, team. Can you guys hear me okay?
Scott Lauber: Yes, we can hear you fine. Welcome back, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Thank you. I appreciate the time, guys. It's a pleasure to chat here. So perhaps just to kick things off here, look, nicely done all-around. In fact, I wanted to just focus on the infrastructure segment. Obviously, you guys are planning well against those targets. I'm curious as you think about the totality of the data center opportunities, what does that mean as you think about the opportunities that you're seeing on that side of the business? And how do you think about the scope of that business in turn? You guys are obviously focused on contracted opportunities. By contrast, a lot of these potential customers would be in a similar manner focused on these kinds of counterparties. Curious as you think about that opportunity set on that front first.
Scott Lauber: Sure. And we've been working with Microsoft on the needs for the area and Wisconsin has got a lot of development opportunities and we want to make sure we hit the capacity requirements we need for the area to support the growth, not just Microsoft, but all the other growth that we're seeing in the region. So that's why we've added the -- and you'll see more filings shortly on renewable projects in the next month or so that we're proposing to help beat the capacity and the energy needs in the region. So we think there's a lot of opportunity not only from generation of renewables, some capacity needs, some distribution needs also, but also American Transmission Company and investment in the transmission in the region. So we're factoring all that in as we pull together our five-year plan here.
Xia Liu: And Julien, all those filings will be in the regulated area, as you know, in Wisconsin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. Indeed. I know you're pursuing this on multiple fronts. Absolutely. And then team, just maybe to tackle on the regulatory front, a couple of questions here. How do you think about this -- the PSC's denial in the AFUDC? Is there anything to read into that here on the pre-construction costs? And just -- I know it's a little bit nit-picky, but I'm just curious if there's anything to tease out of that in terms of direction, strategically or financial?
Scott Lauber: No, I don't think there's anything to read into that. We, of course, thought if we get approval on that, we'll wait and see what the final written order is. But when you look at the value we're providing our customers getting these orders in early, both from a cost-savings standpoint and a time of delivery standpoint, there's really a lot of value for our customers. So we're going to most likely ask for reconsideration and refile that information with the additional information they're looking for. So stay tuned on that, but we think there's a lot of value. And I know the cost of the projects as the longer you wait would continue to go up as everyone across the country is looking at adding generation.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, that seems pretty transparent as you say. And lastly, I'll just offer this. I traded in the dog, the equity, traded him in and I got a little boy now. So I appreciate you guys looking for it all along.
Scott Lauber: Congratulations. Excellent to hear.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. Absolutely. All right, guys. I'll see you soon, alright? Appreciate it.
Scott Lauber: It sounds good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Sullivan: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Good afternoon, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hi, Scott. Just as we look forward to your kind of usual plan refresh with Q3 and CapEx has usually been biased higher, how should we think about incremental equity needs associated with that? Should it just be any incremental CapEx is financed consistent with your utility capital structures or any different way to think about it?
Scott Lauber: No, I think you got it right in line. I mean, of course, we'll put everything together and look at it, refresh it again, but similar to what Xia has been talking about, we'll just look at the equity needs in-line with the capital spend and be very excited about the long-term growth that we have available on the capital and the insights we have looking-forward on additional capital.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That makes sense. And then shifting over to Illinois, I was just maybe hoping you could frame some bookends for potential outcomes of the still pending docket, namely the pipe program review. What's the range of outcomes there? And then also really, is there anything -- any loose end still tied to like the QIP Rider reconciliations from prior years that could move numbers around at all?
Scott Lauber: Sure. So let's look at both of them. So the QIP Rider is from other years. Right now, 2016 Rider has been queued up I think for a decision hopefully I would expect by the end-of-the year. Decision will be made in that. As you know, it's 2016 Rider, so it's been a while. And then, of course, we have those other years under the QIP still to look at. So remember the requirements there is prudency and we think we've been very prudent specifically after the Integrys acquisition where we really took a look at the program and factored in a lot of information that we received from the audits of the Liberty Audit and staff recommendations from that audit. So those are still more to come on there. And then under the current S&P, remember, the S&P in our last rate case, no one requested a pause in the program at all during the rate case. And now in looking at the testimony for the first set of testimony that came through, there is no one also recommending a pause in the case. The range that our people are talking about that was in the testimony is from including emergency work to working with the City of Chicago and emergency work. There, the City of Chicago, I think he said he should lift the pause for at least two years with a cap of about $245 million all the way to the other extreme where I think staff recommending that you accelerate the program and actually get it done faster by 2030. So there's quite a range in the middle there. But once again, none of the interveners in the initial testimony, they all said they should lift the pause and get some work done specifically related to the emergency work and working with the City of Chicago as they do their capital work.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Yes, just on that, I mean, I think as we've seen with some of the recent orders there, the ICC has come out worse than every single other intervener. So how do we just think about that risk in these dockets that you could get more of the same when it actually comes down to the final order?
Scott Lauber: Yes. And we're going to have to wait-and-see and see what they say. I think when you look at it from every intervener group though, they are saying we need to work with the City of Chicago, including the City of Chicago to help them with their capital programs and everyone even there on the rehearing talked about the emergency work. So on that low end, you're talking between $60 million and $100 million a year. So I don't think anyone is disputing that. And I understand what the commission is, but they're taking some time. And I think when you look at that last S&P case or the rehearing we asked for, they are concentrating on purely emergency and wanted to wait for this order to look at the entire program. So I wish I knew the answer, but that's why we're going to the case.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. No, that is super helpful context. Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, good afternoon, Scott and Xia. Thanks for giving me time. Hi, just on the safety modernization program review in Illinois. So obviously, you had a decision on the $145 million, you got $28 million. Can you just remind us what is baked into the plan '25 and forward on that -- on the safety program?
Scott Lauber: Sure, and I'll let Xia go through the details. But in general, we took about $800 million out. And as we look at our plan, we'll reevaluate it based on the testimony we're seeing here as we look at the next five-year plan. But Xia, can you tell us what's in the current?
Xia Liu: Yes, it's between $100 million to $120 million a year, Durgesh. And as Scott mentioned, we are in the process of refreshing the capital plan. So we're working with the team in Illinois to reflect the latest development from the commission's decision on the approval of the $28.5 million. So likely that number could potentially come down over the next five years, but we're still working through the details right now.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you. That's very helpful. And just to be clear, first quarter of next year, we're going to get a decision on the spending relative to what you have in the plan, right? I'm assuming you've asked for anywhere between $100 million to $120 million and then the commission is going to come back with a recommendation. Is that fair?
Scott Lauber: Yes. We expect to hear a recommendation in the first quarter of 2025 from the commission.
Durgesh Chopra: Yes. Okay. Thank you. And then just can I quickly follow up on Delilah I? Any color you can share? I know you mentioned weather event. I'm just wondering if it's -- it could be more than six months? Just what caused it? Was it just equipment or something else? Any color you can share there? Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Yes, sure. There was -- and remember, we haven't purchased it yet. We have a commitment to, but it was during construction and there was a hail event there. So there was some hail damage. We want to work with the developer as they are repairing it to make sure the fields in full shape before we purchase it. We anticipate based on all the latest discussions that it will be in by the end-of-the year. And we get weekly updates on the progress going there. And right now that is still the plan to be in by the end-of-the year assuming no other events happen.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you. I appreciate it. Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Xia.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Carly Davenport: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Carly. Absolutely.
Carly Davenport: Just wanted to ask a quick one on transmission and ATC. We've obviously seen the sizing of MISO Tranche 2 moving higher here. So just curious how you're thinking about the opportunities around transmission there both from a size and a timing perspective.
Scott Lauber: Sure. I think Tranche 2 from everything I've seen and heard is going to be larger than Tranche 1 and you've talked about that. I think it will be probably about proportionately larger for ATC. So a lot of good opportunities there, but that spending probably won't actually occur to like 2030 plus, right, because they're still working through Tranche 1. I think the other big driver for American transmission company is going to be the economic development in the region and putting in renewables in the system. So last year, Tranche 1 had an effect on our capital plan, but the biggest drivers were economic development and continuing renewables in Wisconsin. So I consider both of those to be additional drivers. And remember that Tranche 1 was in 2020. So as they go through and reprice all of that, when you think about inflation in the last several years, it's going to be -- it's going to most likely be bigger than the original amount.
Carly Davenport: Great. I appreciate that color. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Our next caller comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, everybody. Hi. First question on Illinois. Just a question of timing. So you mentioned the uncertainty will last for about a year. At what point might you start to consider reallocating capital into this state? Could we see some CapEx go back into Illinois with the update in three months or would it be unlikely to show up until the fee update in the fall of 2025 when all of those dockets are wrapped up?
Scott Lauber: Well -- and we'll look at it. When you think about Illinois, we'll know more on the S&P program in the first quarter of next year. There's also a -- there's the future of natural gas that's being looked at and there's also an IRP process where we get stakeholders involved and our first filing will be in 2025. So, as you know, as we pull our capital plans together in the fall of this year, we're going to be pretty conservative as we look at that until we have a little more clarity. And when we think about it, there's just a lot of opportunities outside of Illinois for the additional capital and growth.
Andrew Weisel: That makes sense. Next question for Xia. If I heard you right on the O&M, you're now projecting it to be up 2% to 3%. Last quarter, you said up 3% to 5%, originally it was up 6% to 7%. So this is really good progress. Can you just give us a little bit of detail on those moving parts? How is it that the outlook is getting better and better? What are some examples?
Xia Liu: Oh, there -- every manager in the business unit understands that we had a very mild first quarter. So we made it very clear that we need to be highly focused on O&M to offset the weather headwind in the first quarter. Benefits are lower, expected to be lower. We're also looking at all the angles about using contractors versus internal labor and we -- it's across-the-board, I would say, so...
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Relative to the original budgets, would you call most of these savings one time then or is some of it going to be sustainable?
Xia Liu: I think it's a combination of one-time initiatives, but also continued focus on driving efficiency across-the-board which is also sustainable. It's a combination of both.
Scott Lauber: And also when you think about it, having a warm first quarter, you don't have like the number of leaks as you would in the gas system. So some things are naturally less now. So we've got a little bit less O&M in the gas system and we had some significant storms. So between the storms and the warmer weather, we've asked everyone across the business unit to really control cost and really kind of do some one-time things here. On the other hand, we are making sure we are actively responding to storms because the storms have had bigger and actually continuing to work on our forestry program because of some of the damage some of the storms have had to the system. So we want to really balance customer reliability along with our savings?
Andrew Weisel: Got it. That's very helpful. Then just one very nit-picky one. Corporate and other minus $0.06 for taxes this quarter, I think it was plus $0.09 in the first quarter. Will you just remind us what's the expectation for the full-year? Should that net up to zero or something else?
Xia Liu: It would be slightly positive. If you think about the reason why we had a large timing -- tax timing in the first quarter and the opposite in the second quarter. Part of that is driven by the earnings pattern shift in Illinois, so tax dollars follow the earnings pattern. And two, we had a deferral -- I'm sorry, the delay of the Delilah. So part of that is reflected in the second quarter. But as we put Delilah online end-of-the year, we expect the tax dollars to follow.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Neil Kalton: Yes, hi, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Two questions. Just on the Microsoft opportunity, a lot of acreage here. As we think about the CapEx refreshes going-forward, at what point in time do you think you'll have clarity to start flowing some of that potential spend related to incremental opportunities into the plan? Is that like potentially '24 we could see some or is this more like '25 or '26?
Scott Lauber: Sure. And actually, thanks, Neil and thanks for the question. So we're actually -- between us and American transmission company, we're actually spending some money now on some of the substations and we have those orders in for some of the generation and it's to support the economic development across-the-board. So it's going to be '24, '25 and then even more in '26 as we get those orders released at the commission and approval for that generation. We're also -- in the next month or so, you'll see some filing on additional renewables that support the generation needs as we continue to add renewables to our portfolio. So that spending, it will be probably in that '26, '27 timeframe.
Neil Kalton: Okay. So it's kind of like broadly overall, it's not just tied to the Microsoft thing, sort of overall you have this need and kind of anticipate things happening that we start to kind of flow it in over time. And as we get more clarity, more comes in, is that right?
Scott Lauber: Exactly, exactly. And remember, the growth that they provided us is really only through their capital plans through '26. I imagine once they get it in, they'll continue to ramp up. But we'll continue to work through it. And I think our plan is extremely long as we start adding 2029 to our five-year plan.
Neil Kalton: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to come back up to Wisconsin if I could with the recent commission vote here. Just wondering with the split vote, what you take from that, I guess, any thoughts on the direction of the commission at this point?
Scott Lauber: No, I think it's kind of early to tell. I think they were just looking for some additional information and I don't think they had the full information on and they mentioned on the economics and the benefits of this. So this is maybe a communication between our staff and their staff and we just got to understand it. So we'll get the order, we'll review it. We'll pull the information together and ask for a reconsideration. I'm not overly concerned on this. And in the end, when you listen to their comments, if they didn't have all the information, you know they have to make the right decision for what they think is right too. So I appreciate them really evaluating each case. So I won't over -- read into this over too much.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my follow up. Scott, I know we're getting closer to the back-half of the year. Just on Point Beach PPA, I know you've talked about sort of this coming potentially too ahead as we're getting to the year-end. I guess how are sort of conversations going with NextEra and a new PPA or sort of another path forward there? Any updates?
Scott Lauber: Yes, it's really -- we've had really good productive conversations with NextEra, but really nothing to report at this time. So still in discussions, but stay-tuned to this. And we'll -- we're working on it.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks so much guys for taking my follow up. Appreciate it.
Scott Lauber: Absolutely.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Hi.
Scott Lauber: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Good afternoon. How are you doing? So just one question at this point and that is the Illinois Gas Appeal at the Appellate Court in Illinois, just any frame of timing when you think you might get a resolution to that?
Scott Lauber: I apologize. It didn't come too clear on -- the future of gas?
Paul Patterson: No, no. So you guys appealed the order to the Illinois field court. And I was just wondering when you think a decision from that might be happening?
Scott Lauber: I anticipate it's going to take a year or two.
Paul Patterson: Okay. A long-time. Okay. Thank you. That's it from me.
Scott Lauber: All right. Thank you. Well, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating. If you have any questions, feel free as always to call Beth Straka at 414-221-4639. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2024 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast.
 [Operator Instructions]
 In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call.
 Before the conference call begins, please note that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made.
 In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted.
 And now it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group. 
Gale Klappa: Live from the Heartland. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the first quarter of 2024. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations.
 Now as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported first quarter 2024 earnings of $1.97 a share. Throughout the warmest winter in Wisconsin history, we remain laser-focused on financial discipline, operating efficiency and customer satisfaction and we're confident that we can deliver another year of strong results in line with our guidance for 2024. As a reminder, we're guiding to a range of $4.80 to $4.90 a share for the full year. This, of course, assumes normal weather as always going forward.
 Switching gears now. We're off to a strong start moving forward with our ESG progress plan. It's the largest 5-year investment plan in our history, totaling $23.7 billion for efficiency, sustainability and growth. As we've discussed, the plan is based on projects that are low risk and highly executable. In the past few weeks alone, we filed with the Wisconsin Commission more than $2 billion of projects that are needed to meet customer demand across the region. In addition, just a few days ago, we announced that we plan to purchase a 90% ownership interest in the Delilah 1 solar project. Delilah is a 300-megawatt solar park in Northeast Texas. It will be the next addition to our WEC Infrastructure segment. We expect to close on Delilah with an investment of $459 million when the project goes into service, and that's currently expected by the end of June.
 Since the beginning of the year, we also purchased an additional 10% interest in the Samson Solar project, now that's part of the Samson and Delilah development in Northeast Texas. And we plan to increase our ownership in the Maple Flats Solar Energy Center from 80% to 90%. Just as a reminder, Maple Flats is under development in South Central Illinois. It has an offtake agreement with a Fortune 100 company for all the energy it will produce. The project should be in service by the end of this year.
 So to sum it up, with Delilah and with the increase in ownership of Samson and Maple Flats, we'll be investing an additional $560 million this year in our Infrastructure segment. As you recall, we're reallocating away from our operations in Illinois a total of $800 million over the 5-year period, 2024 through 2028. These high-quality 0 carbon projects clearly go a long way toward achieving that goal. And each of these projects meets our strict financial criteria.
 Overall, the building blocks of our capital plan show even stronger growth in our regulated electric business. And our plan fully supports our long-term earnings growth rate which we project to be in the 6.5% to 7% range on a compound average annual basis.
 And now turning to the regional economy. The unemployment rate in Wisconsin stands at 3% continuing a long-running trend below the national average. In fact, Wisconsin recently reached a new record for employment, more people working than at any other time in state history. And that includes a record folks for the number of construction jobs. That's a great sign of the growth and the potential we're seeing, particularly in what we call the I-94 corridor.
 To give you just one example of the new economic activity in the region. Just a few weeks ago, electronic components that are used in fiber broadband networks began rolling off the assembly line at a state-of-the-art facility developed by Sanmina Corporation. These components help form the backbone for high-speed Internet service.
 And we want to welcome Eli Lilly to our neighborhood. The Pharmaceutical giant is purchasing a new production facility, again, in the I-94 corridor. And speaking of growth, Microsoft is moving full speed ahead on the construction of a massive data center complex in the I-94 corridor south of Milwaukee. In fact, in the next few weeks, Microsoft is planning an event here in the Milwaukee area to discuss its plans for new investments in Wisconsin. So stay tuned.
 And looking broadly across the landscape, I can tell you that the number of prospects looking at expanding or locating in the Milwaukee 7 region is stronger literally than at any time in the past 2 decades.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more specifics on our regulatory calendar, our capital plan and our operational highlights. Scott, all yours. 
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start with some updates on the regulatory front. In Wisconsin, we filed new rate reviews for test years 2025 and 2026 on April 12. Our request focus on addressing 3 major areas of need. First, improving reliability and reducing outages from increased storm activity; second, supporting Wisconsin's economic growth and job creation through investments in new generation and distribution projects; and lastly, complying with the new EPA mission rules by continuing the transition from coal generation to renewables and natural gas. We expect the decision by the end of the year with new rates effective January 1, 2025. 
 Last month, we submitted filings to the Wisconsin Commission for significant developments to support our electric generation business. Our proposed projects include 2 new sources of natural gas generation. The first request is for approval to construct 1,100 megawatts of modern simple cycle combustion turbines at our existing Oak Creek power plant site. The expected investment is $1.2 billion.
 To support that generation, we are proposing to build a 33-mile lateral with an expected investment of approximately $180 million. This lateral would provide firm reliability of natural gas to the Oak Creek site for those units as well as our Power the Future units that we're converting to natural gas. And to help to share reliability, we are proposing a new storage facility at Oak Creek, with a planned investment of approximately $460 million. This facility would have the capacity to store 2 billion cubic feet a liquefied natural gas to support both our generation and our gas distribution system.
 In addition, we requested approval to add 128 megawatts of state-of-the-art generation using reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them, RICE units. We expect to invest approximately $280 million in that project near our Paris Generation Station. As a reminder, these investments are expected to earn AFUDC during the construction period.
 We also have smaller rate reviews in progress at our 2 Michigan utilities. Michigan Gas Utilities and Upper Michigan Energy Resources. These applications are primarily driven by our capital investments supporting reliability and safety.
 As you recall, our discussion last quarter on the recent developments in Illinois. There are 3 dockets we're actively engaged in at this time. First, the Illinois Commission granted us a limited rehearing focused on the request to restore $145 million for the safety modernization program in 2024. This mostly relates to emergency work, work that was in progress and work driven by public entities like the City of Chicago. This limited rehearing is now underway, and we expect to receive a final commission order by June 1.
 The other 2 outstanding dockets are expected to span at least a year, and we are actively involved. One is a full review of the safety modernization program and the other is an evaluation of the future of gas in Illinois. Of course, we'll keep you updated on any further developments.
 Now turning to our capital plan. We're making good progress on a number of regulated projects in support of affordable, reliable and clean energy. Our Ixonia LNG storage facility is now in service, this additional 1 Bcf of storage will be necessary during the extreme weather events we see here in Wisconsin. Also, the Wisconsin Commission has approved our purchase of 100 megawatts of additional capacity at West Riverside Energy Center. We expect to invest approximately $100 million to add this capacity to our electric business in the second quarter.
 At the same time, we're continuing the efforts to phase out older, less efficient coal generation. In fact, I'm happy to report that we're on track to retire Unit 5 and 6 of our Oak Creek power plant later this month. These changes support our goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. It's a busy and strong start to the year. Our capital plan is robust and highly executable, and we continue to focus on the fundamentals of our business.
 With that, I'll turn things back to Gale. 
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Now as you may recall, our Board of Directors at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7%. This marks, ladies and gentlemen, the 21st consecutive year that our company will reward shareholders with higher dividends. The increase is consistent with our policy of paying out 65% to 70% of our earnings in dividends and underscores our confidence in delivering a bright, sustainable future.
 Next up, Xia will provide us with more details on our financial results for the quarter and our guidance for Q #2. Xia? 
Liu Xia: Thank you, Gale. Our 2024 first quarter earnings of $1.97 per share increased $0.36 per share compared to the first quarter of 2023. Our earnings package includes a comparison of first quarter results on Page 12. I'll walk through the significant drivers.
 Starting with our utility operations. Our earnings were $0.28 higher compared to the first quarter of 2023. Weather had an estimated $0.07 negative impact quarter-over-quarter. As noted earlier, this past winter was the warmest in Wisconsin history. The milder weather, along with $0.09 from higher depreciation and amortization, interest expense and day-to-day O&M expense were more than offset by the following positive variances.
 Timing of fuel expense was a $0.09 increase quarter-over-quarter. Our fuel was in a positive recovery position at the end of Q1 this year, compared to an under-recovered position at the end of Q1 last year. And rate base growth contributed $0.35 to earnings quarter-over-quarter. This includes the rate increases from Wisconsin, Illinois and Michigan.
 One thing to note, as I mentioned on our year-end call, with the rate design changes at Peoples Gas, base revenues are even more concentrated in the first and fourth quarters when natural gas usage is the highest and this earnings shift is a significant driver for the quarter. Looking ahead, we'll see the opposite shift in Q2 and Q3.
 Before I turn to earnings at the Other segment, let me briefly discuss our weather normal sales. You can find our sales information on Page 9 of the earnings package. While weather was historically mild in the quarter, our weather-normal gas and electric deliveries were both relatively flat and overall in line with our forecast. However, on the electric side, our residential and small commercial and industrial segments are currently ahead of forecast.
 Now at our Energy Infrastructure segment, earnings increased $0.02 in the first quarter of '24 compared to the first quarter of '23. Production tax credits were higher quarter-over-quarter resulting from production at our Samsung and Sapphire Sky renewable generation projects, both of which were acquired in February 2023.
 Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment rose $0.06, primarily driven by timing of tax. In closing, as Gale mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our 24 earnings guidance of $4.80 to $4.90 per share, assuming normal weather for the rest of the year. To offset the mild first quarter weather impact, we're implementing a variety of initiatives. For example, we now expect our '24 day-to-day O&M to be 3% to 5% higher than '23 versus our previous expectation of 6% to 7% higher. The lion's share of the reduction is expected to come in the second half of the year.
 For the second quarter, we're expecting a range of $0.60 to $0.64 per share. This accounts for April weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.92 per share in the second quarter last year. While the Q2 guidance range is lower, if you combine Q1 actual and Q2 guidance, we expect to be $0.04 to $0.08 ahead of the first quarter of '23.
 With that, I'll turn it back to Gale. 
Gale Klappa: Great. Thank you, Xia. And now a final note. We did some quick math this morning. And today marks the 87th time that I've had the privilege of hosting an analyst call, starting back in the day at Brand X and then continuing through the past 21 years here at WEC. Together, we've covered a lot of history and a ton of progress.
 I can tell you that your thoughtful questions and your thorough analysis have helped us to build and sustain a premier company on a mission that truly matters. And for that, I'm grateful. Going forward on these calls, you'll be hearing from Scott and Xia, they are ready, and it's their time to shine.
 And operator, we're now ready for the question-and-answer portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
 And we will take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
James Kennedy: It's actually James on for Shar. So the first -- the $400 million of the equity in your current 5-year plan was put there to true-up utility equity layers? In your current Wisconsin rate cases, you're asking for 53.5% equity or 50 basis points above where you indicate current levels to be. Could we see incremental equity being added to the current plan to true those utilities up that 50 basis points? 
Gale Klappa: I think the short answer is no, Shar. I'm thinking of Shar in a closet somewhere. Xia, go ahead. 
Liu Xia: I mean, we filed for 53.5%. We hope to receive 53.5%. If that's the case, we'll look at the equity. But right now, we haven't changed the equity plan. 
James Kennedy: Got it. There's no change now, but if you were to get it, there's the possibility, it's not already included in the plan, I guess, is really what you just clarify. 
Gale Klappa: No, but I wouldn't model in at this stage of the game or even after we get it. I wouldn't necessarily model in an increase in equity beyond that. 
Scott Lauber: And I think when you look at it and you look at the details of our filing and -- when you look at the details of the filing and the regulatory ratio, it's about the same as it is this year, right now, you got to look at the financial and the regulatory ratios. 
Gale Klappa: Yes. Did that help, James... 
James Kennedy: Perfect. Very clear. Absolutely. And then one more also on the rate cases. In your last set of Wisconsin cases, the settlements that you negotiated didn't quite hold up as filed, even though those in prior cases had. Given that precedent, but also that you have a new slate of commissioners in office, how should we think about settlements in Wisconsin today? And kind of what are some of the pushes and takes and maybe how should we think about potential timing for a settlement, if any, in these cases? And that's all I got. 
Gale Klappa: Very good. Well, a couple of thoughts on your questions about settlements and timing. First of all, I think that our current a new chair of the commission, Summer Strand, has publicly stated that she's very open to stakeholder input and would certainly be open to discussions on settlement.
 So I think essentially, the door is open for negotiations at the appropriate time. And then in terms of timing itself, historically, the best time for really candid and thorough discussions comes after the staff audit is complete.
 And Scott, when would you expect on this particular case, the staff audit to come out, mid-summer, maybe? 
Scott Lauber: Probably near the end of summer, at the end of summer. 
Gale Klappa: And of course, a final decision is not statutorily required until December in the case. So there's a window between the time of the staff audit and commission deliberations for all the appropriate stakeholders to get together. I hope that helps. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman: Gale, well, finally, the day came. Well, I appreciate all 87 of those calls, which I probably either listen to or read the transcript of all of them. So -- but wish you the best. But I'm not going to let you get away without answering some questions. 
 So just -- you brought up the Microsoft announcement potentially coming soon and I guess there's already kind of been announcements, but just could you give a little more color kind of what else they might be talking about? Is it -- is there kind of an expansion of maybe the build-out that they're looking at. And just how do we think about just -- are you -- from a supply standpoint, are you basically the supplier for all their electricity? And are you kind of -- how are you making sure that you're kind of doing at the right margins and just how we should think about both the tariff margin and CapEx potential? 
Gale Klappa: Yes. Terrific. Great question, Steve. I mean, first of all, to answer your second question, yes, we will be the supplier for all of the energy that Microsoft will need at their site inside the Wisconsin Technology Park, which, as you know, is about 20 miles south of our headquarter city.
 In terms of what's changed, what's different? I mean, Microsoft early on in their whole process here in Wisconsin acquired 315 acres of property adjacent to the area that Foxconn is developing in that technology park. So what you see in our current 5-year capital plan is the generation that we expect to need to add to essentially serve what is being built and it's being built quickly. My Gosh, there are like 10 to 12 cranes active, the construction site is incredibly active right now. But it's active on the first 315 acres, Microsoft has developed.
 So we're thinking about that pending ongoing discussions with Microsoft as kind of the first phase because Microsoft has now acquired substantial additional acreage. In fact, they control 1,345 acres now in that technology park. And they're clearly working very hard and have discussions with our folks every single week on as they develop their plans for the rest of that development. And I think we'll hear more from Microsoft on their broader plan for Wisconsin here in the next few weeks.
 So I hope that helps. And how are we planning to make sure we're serving their needs? I mean, literally, their technical folks and ours are in weekly discussions, very encouraging. Hope that responds, Steve. 
Steven Fleishman: Yes. No, that's great. Just -- can you just remind me just for the first 315 acres, how much capital is in your plan to basically make the investment to serve that? 
Gale Klappa: Yes. Essentially, there's other -- as we've talked about, there's other significant economic growth in that area as well. So in the capital plan, for -- to meet what we see on the ground. This is not speculation about future economic growth. This is what we see on the ground, what we knew from Microsoft back in November, what we're actually seeing from HARIBO, from -- now from Eli Lilly and others, we added 1,400 megawatts of dispatchable capacity to the plan. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then one other question just on Illinois. The -- obviously, the order late last year disappointing, but staff on rehearing kind of seemed okay. So just feeling that likely the commission will be reasonable there. And I guess, maybe more importantly, there's been a lot of labor pushback on the capital -- on the work reductions. And just is that making any impact on just how the state is looking at things for your business? 
Gale Klappa: Well, I'll ask Scott to give his view on this as well. From my observation, Steve, I would say that every intervener has taken a position. As you say, the staff is supportive of the work continuing that we asked to have allowed to be continued and to be recovered. Virtually all of the intervenors have suggested that at least some amount of work continue. But this is the first time on our rehearing that this particular commission is going to make a decision. So time will tell, but we won't have to wait long.
 Scott, I believe we're looking at probably the end of May. 
Scott Lauber: Yes, it should -- we should hear something here by the end of May, early part June on the decision here. And I know safety and reliability is at their forefront. And we hear a lot of that in the future of natural gas that they talk about safety and reliability on those cases, too. So looking forward to a good decision, but we'll see what happens. 
Gale Klappa: And Steve, my gut tells me that there's an element of practicality, just Midwest practicality here as it relates to making sure that, that system stays safe. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Neil Kalton: So anyway, a question just kind of following on, on some of the earlier conversation on the new generation that you're adding about 1,400 megawatts. I understand that's for what you see on the ground. At that point in time, what will the reserve margins look like? Basically, what I'm trying to get at is there seems like there's a lot of additional activity that could happen. And what would your -- what would be your ability to serve or would we be looking at new generation requirements if that were to come online? 
Gale Klappa: Well, the 14 -- based on the demand forecast we had when we put the 5-year plan together, remember, we rolled that out in November. Basically, the 5-year plan took us to what we call a balanced reserve margin. meeting the capacity requirements that we're expected to have and to be accredited by MISO. So any -- I think the bottom line for -- at least from my view, and we'll ask Scott to give you his. But the bottom line from my view is if we see, as we roll forward here in the next few months, which I think which we're seeing, I mean, additional economic development and projects going in, then that's going to mean we have to build more. Scott? 
Scott Lauber: You're exactly correct, Gale. As we continue to look at it, and we did size our plan with the required reserve margins, looking at the seasonal capacity that's required from the Midwest operator here. So any additional load, we will need some generation to make sure we have that capacity available. 
Gale Klappa: So stay tuned. There'll be a new update coming in the fall. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. 
Durgesh Chopra: So listen, so Gale, do you -- I guess, just from your perspective and the team's perspective, do you worry about the pace at which the data center deployment is projected to kind of occur? I'm thinking about how fast they're building, you just alluded to your active conversations versus sort of your construction cycle, getting approvals and all the sort of the road blocks or the milestones that you need to kind of check to get the generation there. Is that something that concerns you? 
Gale Klappa: Just in terms of the amount of time it takes to get approvals. Is that what you're referring to, Durgesh? 
Durgesh Chopra: Yes. Just the generation, whatever distribution assets you need, the approvals and just the expedited time line of these hyperscalers. 
Gale Klappa: Yes. Good question. And I would kind of -- and Scott should give you his view as well. I would kind of break it down into 3 buckets. And the first bucket is obviously availability of equipment. And there we're fortunate in that we have already placed a number of orders for some of the key -- particularly key transmission and distribution pieces of equipment that will be needed.
 Secondly, very positively so in this particular technology park, we're allowed to build certain distribution assets and transmission assets that do not have to take a year of approval. So that's really already underway. 
 And then the other piece would be just the regulatory approval. And in Wisconsin to get what we call the CPCN, basically approval to build generation. The CPCN can take up to a year. I will say this, I think the staff and the commissioners here in Wisconsin are very aware of the need for speed here and the governor has himself promised Microsoft that the state will do what's necessary to help them be successful here.
 So clearly, this is major. I mean, clearly, there's a lot of work to be done. But right now, we're off to a really good start. And I think the backdrop here and the regulatory support will be very strong to make sure that we meet the need and serve Foxconn -- all of the folks there. But not only Foxconn, but Microsoft well. Scott? 
Scott Lauber: I agree, Gale. And I think the other key is we have the site selection at the Oak Creek site for a significant part of our assets. And we've done a lot of the filings already. So really, things are moving ahead very quickly. But we got a process in place in the orders placed, which is good. 
Gale Klappa: Yes. Scott is actually making a very good point about site selection. I mean we've had a power generation campus at Oak Creek literally for the last 70 years. We have buffer property there. We have a property that will easily house, particularly the combustion turbines that Scott talked about earlier. The 1,100 megawatts of combustion turbines that will be an important part of the next addition of assets that we need to have.
 I hope that responds, Durgesh. 
Durgesh Chopra: That is very, very helpful. I appreciate all the color there. Maybe can I just quickly follow up on Illinois, the limited rehearing. Is there a potential for settlement there? Can you settle with the parties potentially those Part A and Part B? Does it have to be 0 or 145? Or can it be sort of a spend number, which is in between? 
Gale Klappa: No, it can be a spend number anywhere in between. There really is in this limited rehearing process, if you will. There's really no avenue for settlement. But you're right, it's not a binary thing. It's not 0 or 145. The commissioners can use judgment on any number from 0 to 145 or in between. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. 
Carly Davenport: Maybe just to start, I wanted to just ask on the electric sales this quarter, you walked through some of the weather impacts, but anything else that you flag driving some of the C&I load for the quarter, particularly for the larger customers there? And then as you just think about some of these economic development opportunities, how you think about really that timing for an inflection in load growth? 
Gale Klappa: Well, we've already -- and we will ask Xia to give you, she's got a couple of very good important details, particularly about the large industrial activity that we saw in Q1 here. Let me just say 2 quick things.
 First of all, as mild as the weather was and as far from normal as it was, I would suggest that you take the actual weather normal sales numbers with a bit of a grain of salt. Some of you heard me say this forever, but our weather normalization techniques that are used in our industry just don't bear up well when you get 1.5, 2 standard deviations away from norm. So read our numbers for Q1 on weather normal is more precise than accurate.
 Secondly, we've already shown, as you probably saw, as we've gone through some of our plans, we've already shown a nice uptick in annual projections of energy sales starting in 2026. You remember, we basically, for the past decade or so have been growing at 0.5%, 0.7% in terms of annual kilowatt hour sales. We moved that up based on everything we were seeing last November on the ground. We moved that up to 4.5% to 5% starting in 2026.
 I'm guessing that you'll see that number grow when the plan gets updated as we normally do in the fall. I mean just from everything else that seems to be occurring here post when we put the plan together, last fall.
 And then in terms of specifics on Q1 in terms of industrial, Xia? 
Liu Xia: Yes. So on Q1, so to your point, Carly, the weather normal LC&I electric sales was minus 1.8%, which was behind our forecast. But if you -- we looked pretty hard on the specifics. So it turned out that the underperformance was concentrated in really a couple of customers, one in primary metal, the other in the paper sector. And one of them actually is in the process of transition into a very -- a much bigger expanded presence in the region. So Q1 was kind of a transition period for them. So that's really just timing.
 If you excluded those customers, LC&I sales would have been 0.4% higher compared to Q1 last year. So we're not worried about the LC&I sales trend. 
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. That's super helpful. Maybe if I could just squeeze one more in. You referenced the new EPA rules in terms of some spend there in the Wisconsin rate cases just filed. I guess, do you expect those new rules to have any impact on the views on gas capacity additions going forward or the capital needs associated with that? 
Gale Klappa: No. It's a good question. And the short answer is no, compared to what we filed. And I will say a real shout out to our generation and environmental planning folks. They've done a great job of anticipating the new EPA rules. And Scott, based on everything we've seen that's come out in the last couple of weeks, we're right on track. 
Scott Lauber: No, our plan that we filed and the plan we have in our 5-year plan lines up right in line with the EPA rules that just came out were finalized. So I'm very happy to see that come together. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. 
Anthony Crowdell: Congratulations and best of luck and best of luck to Shar in the closet also. So great news all around. I guess also Neil and Steve's question, I apologize if you answered it, just I guess you talked about you have an adequate reserve margin in the service territory and if a large data center hyperscale that comes in, and they eat up that entire reserve margin and now the generations need to get back. Just on the allocation of cost for the data center moving in there and maybe eating up that reserve margin, does the rest of this jurisdiction bear the cost of now building back up the reserve margin? 
Gale Klappa: No. And I'm glad you asked the question actually because we should be very, very clear about that. First of all, Microsoft has said time and time and again that they want to and will pay their fair share. And we're working on a specific rate for them that will have several components. It will have essentially a component for generation capacity basically, they'll have to pay for their fair share of the generation that's needed. They will have to pay a small amount. There will be a little bit of distribution, but they will pay for the distribution investment that serves them.
 Energy will be a pass-through as it is for many, many of our large industrial customers that we have on what we call real-time pricing. And so essentially, we're working on very specific components of a rate. It's not hugely -- Scott, it's not hugely dissimilar from what we're doing for other large industrial customers. 
Scott Lauber: Now it's -- we're laying out a plan for that, like Gale said, they want to pay their fair share. I wouldn't characterize it as them eating into reserve margins. Some of this builders support that. So we always look at our plan and make sure we have the appropriate reserve margin and we look at this economic development. Once again, that's what drove some of the generation here. So I don't think they ate into anything. It's just all additive for everybody here. 
Gale Klappa: And then, Anthony, as you know well because you've been around a long time, when you have substantial kilowatt hour sales growth, that actually is helpful to your customer base. Because it spreads those additional costs over a much broader base of kilowatt hour sales. So there's also as we work our way through this, remember that 4.5% to 5% increase that we're projecting in annual kilowatt hour sales starting in '26. That's also going to be helpful as well to our overall customer base. 
Anthony Crowdell: Got it. And then if I could just one follow-up. Steve's question earlier about maybe some of the pushback in Illinois from the labor group. I'm just wondering, do you believe labor still has maybe the same, I don't know political leverage is the right term, but the same maybe sway that they've had in years past. Do you think it's more or just kind of the same? And I'll leave it there. 
Gale Klappa: Anthony, it's very hard to tell. I mean, incrementally one way or the other. But I will say this, labor has and will continue to have, I believe, a strong voice in Illinois, and they are passionate about the need for us to continue the safety modernization program. 
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And again, congratulations. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson: Congratulations. So I guess my question is the future of gas. You brought it up. And I know it's kind of early procedurally, but any sense as to when that might be wrapped up in Illinois? 
Gale Klappa: A long time. What is going on right now and started a couple of months ago is really what they would call a scoping phase. So they're having almost weekly meetings to identify and get broad input on all the different sub subjects or sub subject matters that should have broad discussion from all the stakeholders going forward. So the scoping itself, I think, is going to take until mid-summer. Our guess is probably when do you think Scott, at least a year. 
Scott Lauber: Yes. It's supposed to -- the scoping is going to go to about the end of August, and then it will be another year after that, that they built through the investigation and the policy that may have to come out of it. But one of the things the ICC is really doing though is making sure they hear everybody's voice in this. So they're getting a lot of people involved, which is good to get all the different issues and circumstances on the table. So they're trying to be a real robust process here. 
Gale Klappa: I did notice, Paul yesterday or day before that one of the environmental groups and again -- multiple stakeholders taking place in the scoping process but one of the environmental groups on the record did say that they believe there would have to be a very long transition and that natural gas would play a significant role for a long period of time, which I thought was both practical, accurate and encouraging. 
Paul Patterson: Yes. And I guess, also considering that so much of your CapEx is safety-oriented. I would assume that it doesn't really -- the idea that this is going on doesn't really probably impact your current investment in the business? If you follow... 
Gale Klappa: I think that's reasonably -- yes, that's reasonably accurate, Paul. Yes. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just one of the things that we've been seeing a lot of officials talking about recently per commissioner about -- a lot about this enhanced grid enhancement technologies. And I was just wondering how you guys as an industry leader are sort of thinking about the deployment of this and how it might impact the industry as you're -- as you guys are thinking about just sort of longer term -- what do you guys see this as being -- how it might be playing a role or not in your business? 
Gale Klappa: Well, early days, Paul, but my sense -- and we'll get Scott for you as well, my sense is probably the first application maybe in transmission. What do you think, Scott? 
Scott Lauber: Yes. We're going to have a lot of technology on the system. So it's hard to decide what exactly new technology will be coming, but we have a lot of automation that we put on the system that you can really see are very effective when there is a storm that rolls through. So I think the technology will continue to improve and I think transmission and whether you do dynamic line ratings and stuff, you're going to continue to see the benefits of technology. And I think just like anything else, it continues to evolve here and we get better and better at it. 
Gale Klappa: In near term, as Scott has mentioned the dynamic line ratings, I think, pay attention to that because I think that could be very helpful. But there's a lot -- as you know, there's a lot of R&D underway to try to enhance both reliability and stability. So I hope that gives you at least a broad answer to the question, Paul. 
Paul Patterson: Absolutely. I appreciate it. Once again, congratulations, and good luck. 
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Paul. You take care.
 All right. Well, folks, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for taking part. If you have more questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221-4639. So long, everybody. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-01 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year End 2023 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Before the conference call begins, please note that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. This call also will include non-GAAP financial information. The company has provided reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the materials posted on its website for this conference call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Well, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for calendar year 2023. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive, Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer, and Beth Straka, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now, as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported full year 2023 adjusted earnings of $4.63 a share. This excludes a one-time noncash charge of $0.41 a share. You may recall that the Illinois Commerce Commission in November disallowed the construction costs for the modern service centers and facilities that we built in Illinois to improve employee safety and productivity. We firmly believe that the investments were necessary and prudent, and at the appropriate time, we will appeal the decision in court. Despite the setback in Illinois, I'm pleased to report that we delivered another year of solid results on virtually every meaningful measure, from customer satisfaction to financial performance to steady execution of our capital plan. Xia Liu will provide you with more detail on our financial metrics for 2023 in just a few moments. Turning to other regulatory matters, the Wisconsin Commission approved our limited reopener filings in December, new rates are now in effect for all of our Wisconsin utilities. And in Illinois a limited rehearing has been scheduled for a portion of our safety modernization program. As a reminder, the Illinois Commerce Commission ordered a pause in that program for at least one year. We've been systematically replacing old leaking cast iron pipes under the streets of Chicago. This long running project is approximately 38% complete today. We had plan to invest approximately $265 million in these safety upgrades during 2024. Given the Commission's order, we will not be carrying out the program as envisioned. We honestly do not believe that stopping the work is in the best interests of our Chicago customers. But we will have another opportunity to make our case in the coming months through this limited rehearing. In addition, the Illinois commission will open a new docket this month to examine the future of gas across the state of Illinois. This review is expected to take at least one year to complete. Switching gears now, let's look at the investment needs of our broader enterprise. We continue to refine our ESG progress plan our roadmap if you will for the period 2024 through 2028. As you'd expect, we're lowering our plan capital investment in Illinois. But the bigger picture is strong and growing. And today we're increasing our five-year plan by $300 million. What was a $23.4 billion plan, the largest in our company's history, is now a five-year plan totaling $23.7 billion. The increase is focused on two categories, electric distribution to support the strong economic growth we're seeing in Wisconsin and WEC Energy's projects that are in our due diligence pipeline. That's our WEC infrastructure projects. In fact, we're in the final stage now of vetting another major project for our infrastructure portfolio, a 300-megawatt solar investment for approximately $460 million. Closing and commercial operation could take place in the second quarter of this year, we'll keep you informed. Overall, the building blocks of our updated capital plan clearly support our long-term growth rate. Growth from our five-year plan on a compound average annual basis remains in the 6.5% to 7% range. As always, we're starting with the midpoint of our 2023 guidance. However, we expect earnings for 2024 to come in at or below the current consensus estimate. The reason is simple. As we redeploy capital, at least temporarily away from Illinois, the majority of the quality projects we're investing in will not be in service for the full year 2024. So for this year, for 2024, we projected earnings to be in the range of $4.80 to $4.90 a share and Xia Liu will provide you with more detail in just a moment or two. One final but important point about our capital plan. As a percentage of the total enterprise, our regulated electric business will be larger five years from now than it is today. Economic development and reliability and decarbonization are driving that growth. We plan to continue our investment in the infrastructure segment as well. But five years from now, we expect the infrastructure segment will be only 6% of our asset base. And now turning to the regional economy, the unemployment rate in Wisconsin stands at 3.3%. That continues a long running trend below the national average. And as we've discussed, we're seeing some really exciting developments here on the state. You've heard about Microsoft's plans in the Wisconsin Innovation Park South of Milwaukee. That investment continues to build. Microsoft has now purchased a total of 1345 acres of property, and construction is already underway on a major data center complex. Of course, Microsoft didn't alone in what we call the I-94 corridor, companies like [indiscernible] and Uline are expanding their footprints as well. For example, Uline just announced plans for a third office building in Pleasant prairie. Uline expects to complete construction by 2025, creating additional space for more than 700 workers. Uline in case you're not familiar with the name is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. And just last week, West Rock a fortune 200 company that produces sustainable paper and packaging materials, announced plans to build a 587,000 square foot manufacturing facility on the former site of our Pleasant Prairie power plant. These developments highlight the strength and the potential of the Wisconsin economy and underscore the need for the investments we're outlining in our five-year ESG progress plan. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more specifics on our regulatory calendar, our capital plan, and our operational highlights. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start with some more updates on the regulatory front. First, let's review where we stand after the Wisconsin Public Service Commission's written orders this past December. The reopener filings address recovery of capital investments for certain projects going into service in 2023 and also this year. These are renewable facilities, raise generation and LNG reliability investments. The return on equity and the equity layer were not up for consideration as part of this proceeding. In the coming months, we plan to file new rate reviews in Wisconsin for test years 2025 and 2026. You heard from Gale on the latest developments in Illinois. The commission has granted us a limited rehearing, focused on our request rescore $134 million of Safety Modernization Program in 2024. This mostly rates to emergency work, work that is in progress, and work driven by public entities like the City of Chicago. We expect the commission to issue an order by June 1. Now turning to our updated capital plan. We have identified $300 million of additional capital investment compared to the initial version of our five-year plan. I'll walk you through the changes, which are summarized for your reference in the slides we provided for today's call. Most notably, we have included several new investments in our energy infrastructure portfolio. We're continuing to take advantage of production tax credits under the Inflation Reduction Act, while providing solid returns through long-term offtake agreements. We expect these projects to add approximately $800 million to our plant. And we're already on our way. Just last month, we closed on an incremental 10% ownership of the Samson solar farm now in operation in northern Texas, we now own 90% of the farm for a total investment of $280 million. And as Gale mentioned, we have another major solar project in the sights. We also plan to increase investment of Wisconsin by $300 million to better support economic development and reliability in the state. Offsetting these incremental investments, you will see a $800 million decrease in our planned spending on the Illinois gas delivery system over the five-year period. This is driven by the regulatory order we received in November. Meanwhile, we're making good progress on a number of regulated projects in support of affordable, reliable and clean energy. We continue to work toward our ambitious goal for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. At the end of 2023, we achieved a 54% reduction in carbon emissions from electric generation compared to 2005. That puts us well on our way toward an 80% reduction in target by the end of 2030, as we build our portfolio of low and no carbon generation. And the progress continues, the final panels of the Badger Hollow Solar Park are now in service completing the largest solar project in Wisconsin history. As you'll recall our Wisconsin utilities on a total of 200 megawatts of solar capacity at Badger Hollow. The facilities first phase went online in December 2121, and the second phase wrapped up at the end of 2023. In addition, our Bluff Creek LNG storage facility is now in service. Liquefied natural gas provides a solution to meet peak customer demand for heating, as well as gasified needed for power generation. This storage will be necessary during extreme weather events like we experienced in mid-January. I'm also pleased to announce that we have been using renewable natural gas in our distribution system. This replaces a portion of the traditional natural gas we deliver to customers, while contributing to our methane reduction goal. Our latest pilot project with EPRI and CMBlu Energy is also underway. And as you'll recall, this is testing a long duration battery made with environmentally friendly materials. We look forward to sharing the results across the industry later this year. It's a strong start to the year our capital plan is robust, and highly executable. And we continue to focus on the fundamentals of the business. With that I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Now, as you may have seen, our board at its January meeting, raised the quarterly dividend to $0.835 a share. That's an increase of $0.055 a share or 7%. This will mark the 21st consecutive year that our shareholders will be rewarded with higher dividends. The increase is consistent with our policy of paying out 65% to 70% of our earnings in dividends and underscores our confidence in delivering a bright, sustainable future. One other quick note on our track record of dividend growth. We learned last week that WEC Energy is being added to S&P's high dividend Aristocrat Index. This index is made up exclusively of companies that have raised their dividends for at least 20 consecutive years. Next up Xia will provide you with more detail on our financial results, our financing plan, and our 2024 guidance. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thanks Gale. Turning now to earnings. Excluding the $0.41 per share noncash impairment charge in Illinois, our 2023 adjusted earnings per share were $4.63. Our earnings package includes a year-over-year comparison of results on page 16. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, weather had an estimated $0.24 negative impact year-over-year. In fact, January, February and December of 2023 are the warmest on record over the past 133 years. Higher depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense added another $0.33 of negative variance. These unfavorable variances are more than offset during the year. Rate base growth contributed $0.75 of positive variance year-over-year. This includes the base rate increase for our Wisconsin and Minnesota utilities, as well as the rate increase for Peoples Gas that was effective December 1, 2023. Additionally, fuel expense improved our earnings by $0.14. Lower day-to-day O&M resulted in a $0.10 improvement, and taxes and other items benefited earnings by $0.04. Remember, we originally guided our 2023 total company day-to-day O&M to be 3% to 5% higher than 2022. Throughout the year, we were able to manage to a much tighter range. Our actual 2023 total company day-to-day O&M was only six-tenths of 1% higher than 2022. Turning now to sales, you'll see the details on Page 12 of the earnings package. On a weather normal basis, retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin excluding the iron ore mine were down 1% in 2023. The decrease was driven by our large commercial and industrial sales, which were down 3.3%. Meanwhile, residential and small commercial and industrial sales increased two-tenths of 1%, which were ahead of our forecasts. Our sales projections for 2024 can be found on pages 12 and 13 of the earnings package. Overall, we're projecting relatively flat electric sales year-over-year, and eight-tenths of 1% growth in gas sales year-over-year. Regarding our investment in American transmission company, earnings decreased $0.03 compared to 2022. Recall that last year, we recorded a $0.05 pickup from a resolution of MISO ROE appeals. This was partially offset by a $0.02 improvement in earnings related to additional capital investment. Earnings at our energy infrastructure segments improved $0.04 in '23 compared to 2022. This was mainly driven by an increase in production tax credits. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our corporate and other segments decreased $0.29, primarily driven by an increase in interest expense. Overall, we improved our performance by $0.18 per share on an adjusted basis in 2023. Now, Gale and Scott have laid out our refreshed five-year capital plan. In light of the $300 million increase to our capital plan, we have revised our funding plan accordingly. Consistent with our previous message, we're funding this increase with an even split between debt and equity. As you can see on page 21 of the earnings package, we now expect to issue between 1.95 billion and 2.3 5 billion of common equity over the next five years. As you can see on the chart over the next five years, we expect cash from operations to fund about 64% of our cash needs. About 28% of the funding is expected to come from debt and the remaining 8% from issuance of common equity. We have turned on new equity to satisfy the dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. And we also expect to use aftermarket programs. Our common equity issuance is still projected to be in the range of $100 million to $200 million for 2024. Post 2024, our equity issuances will be tied to our capital plan ratably at approximately $500 million a year. Finally, let's look at our earnings guidance. As Gale stated for the full year 2024, we're providing guidance of $4.80 to $4.90 per share. In developing this guidance range, we took into consideration the expected loss of earnings from lower rebates in Illinois, and timing of several projects under development. Now let me briefly discuss our day-to-day nonfuel O&M expectations. We expect our 2024 O&M to be 6% to 7% higher. Approximately 5% of the increase is driven by assets that were included in recent rate cases, projects in the infrastructure segment and extraordinary storms costs in January. The remaining O&M increase of 1% to 2% is largely driven by inflation offset by operating efficiencies. Looking at the bigger picture, our O&M projection for 2024 is well below our actual O&M expenditures eight years ago in 2016. In terms of first quarter 2024 earnings guidance, we project to earn in the range of $1.96 per share to $2 per share. This forecast takes into account January weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. Recall that we earned $1.61 per share in the first quarter last year. There are a couple of main drivers for the quarter. One, weather was unfavorable by $0.10 in Q1 last year. Of course, we're assuming normal weather for the remainder of the quarter this year. Two, with the rate design changes at Peoples Gas under the latest commission order. We now expect base revenues will be concentrated in the first and fourth quarter heating months when natural gas usage is the highest. Correspondingly, we expect lower contributions from Peoples Gas in Q2 and Q3. We'll provide you with more details as the year progresses. As a reminder, however, in Illinois, we have a decoupling mechanism in place that mitigates that weather impact. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thanks, Gale. And now we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions]. And it looks like your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Shar, please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Gale, just a quick one on, so the 4.80 to 4.90 guidance for '24, I mean that obviously about 5.4% growth year-over-year. And you obviously have a very tight EPS growth range and the debit this year is clearly from the CapEx timing. As we kind of bridge into '25, let's just say can you kind of grow at that top end or above the EPS growth range to keep you within the 6.5% to 7% target? Or should we assume kind of bottom end in the near term and step up at the back half given the pace at which you may not be able to deploy capital?
Gale Klappa: Well, great question, Shar. Let me say this, we have a lot of levers and a lot of great opportunities. And so it's probably too early to say exactly where in the 2025 range we might land. But we're pretty optimistic about the levers and the opportunities that we have. In 2024, of course, as we redeploy, as I mentioned in the script, as we redeploy in a way from Illinois and into quality projects, timing is really the driver here. But let me just say this, if we were able to make the top end of our 2024 guidance 4.90, we would have recovered virtually the entire hit from the Illinois rate order. So that might help put things in perspective for 2024. And then we will work on '25 and beyond. But again, we mean, just with what we're seeing here on the ground, we have tremendous opportunity for appropriate investments that will drive growth.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Perfect. And then, just Gale on the $800 million reduction in Illinois. Was that all related to S&P or what was the amount that was above that? And then just that concurrent shift into sort of the infrastructure segment, I guess, can you just talk about the profile of that spend and whether sort of there's any earnings accretive opportunities from this shuffle, especially since you do target returns on an adjusted basis anyway, for the infrastructure segment that is higher than the regulated side?
Gale Klappa: Yes. We do. We target returns on the infrastructure segments slightly higher than the regulated piece of the business. But to answer your first question, virtually all of the $800 million reduction that you're seeing as we allocate capital on our various business segments. Virtually all of that $800 million reduction in Illinois is an assumption. Because we just don't know what S&P spending is going to look like, going forward. So that's virtually all related to the cessation of work.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it. Okay, perfect. And then just lastly, for me, it's just an obviously the S&P program. Obviously, there's a new docket out there and there's an investigation, but there was sort of this independent engineering study that was recently conducted by the Commission that already sort of proved out that the S&P needed to be carried out. How does that kind of play into this new docket? Thanks, guys.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Shar, great memory. Shar is exactly correct. A number of years ago, 2017, 2018 timeframe, the Illinois Commission ordered us to bring in a highly recognized outside engineering firm, an independent engineering firm, to assess the condition of particularly the cast iron and ductile iron pipes under Chicago. Remember, we started out on this program, there were 2000 miles of iron pipes that we believe needed to be replaced. It's called the Kiefner study, K-I-E-F-N-E-R, it's on file with the commission itself, if anyone wants to take a look at it. But long story short, that Kiefner study, which was delivered to the Commission in January of 2020, concluded something pretty stark. The conclusion was that more than 80% of the remaining iron pipes under Chicago have a remaining useful life of less than 15 years. That material was reintroduced in our rate case of this past fall, it was dismissed by the intervenors as old data. And I guess my only comment on that is the pipes aren't getting any younger. And the corrosion keeps on coming. So we think there's really a solid basis for the standpoint of safety. And from the continuing call from the Federal Pipeline Safety Administration to accelerate the replacement of these pipes. But you got a great memory, that study is on record and very supportive of the need to continue for safety reasons, the work we've had underway.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. Thank you, guys. I will see you in a couple of weeks Gale. Bye.
Gale Klappa: Sounds good. Look forward to it, Shar. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, Shar. And our next question comes from the line of Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Security. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Kalton: So quick question on the sort of following up on the initial questions on the S&P program, if that were to come back into play that 800 million? How should we think about the capital allocation at that point, will we reverse some of what we're seeing today or not necessarily? Would it be added if at that point?
Gale Klappa: That's a great question, Neil. And I'm going to ask Scott to give you his view on this as well. I would say first of all, it wouldn't be surprising, at least to me if some of the capital that is currently on pause in Illinois would come back simply because of the need to continue safety. So looking at it a little more broadly, Neil, our view is the sweet spot of growth is still 6.5% to 7% a year. So I think we have to see Scott, where we stand in terms of additional infrastructure investments that we have in the pipeline. But as Scott said we have several 100 million dollars of those projects now that are in final due diligence stages. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes, absolutely. And then when you think about the S&P program, unfortunately, about 1000 workers stopped doing work at the end of the year here. So depending on how long it takes, it may take a while to ramp it up efficiently too. So we'd really evaluate that as we get through these hearings or rehearings.
Gale Klappa: Yes, actually, Scott's making a great point. I mean, you can't just turn it on a dime. So if indeed just thinking out loud with you Neil, if indeed, the commission investigation of the program or their review of the need for the program lasts a year, which the order yesterday suggested a year but also said if it could be expedited with all the proper information, they would welcome that. But I wouldn't think that it can be turned on to back to its full level, even if authorized to do so this year.
Neil Kalton: Yes. Got it. Makes sense. And one quick follow-up. I couldn't help but notice, I guess we have thought the CapEx coming out 800 million would be replaced one-for-one, instead, I think you've added 300 million to the program. And just curious as to what drove that. Obviously, it entailed a little more equity to do that.
Gale Klappa: Yes, Neil. As we continue to get more detailed and granular information about the need to support the economic growth, and particular in the I-94 corridor that we talked about. Clearly, there's going to need to be some additional distribution investment, no question about that. And then there's also some additional renewable need. So those were the two things all regulated all Wisconsin, but really driven by the continued expansion and location and I just mentioned in the script as you may recall, another major investment by a company based in Atlanta called West Rock, with a 587,000, corrugated box production plant. So the economic growth is just amazing. I would encourage anybody. In fact, we are going to invite all of you to come see what we're seeing on the ground here in the not-too-distant future, the economic growth, expansions that we're seeing in that I-94 Corridor are just literally amazing.
Operator: Thanks, Neil. And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Jeremy, please go ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to kind of come back to Illinois overall here, given the lower-than-expected rate case outcomes from ICC, I think you expected? What's the current view, I guess, in Illinois, as a regulatory jurisdiction here? And how have conversations with stakeholders been trending regarding the longer term outlook for Illinois and gas Illinois?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think, clearly, we're going to see a lot more evidence as we move through 2024. Because there are really two dockets now of a very significant importance that are in their absolute beginning stage. The first occurred yesterday, when the Illinois Commission authorized the start of their review of our safety modernization program. And then, they're also beginning this look at which will take we think, at least a year, this look at the future of gas in the state of Illinois. Actually, we're looking forward to both of these dockets. Because there will be broad-based evidence from all kinds of parties, intervenors, across the board, who all have an opinion on this. I would just simply say that, that we're encouraged by the fact that there's going to be open, productive discussion in both of these dockets. And when you step back and think about it, particularly with the fact that we talked about earlier, where from a safety standpoint, these cast iron pipes, 80% of them have a remaining life of less than 15 years. I think at the end of the day, Illinoisans are pretty practical. And at the end of the day, I think we're going to get to a very reasonable point. This policy is just too important to the future, not only from an energy supply standpoint, but from an economic standpoint for the state of Illinois. Scott, you want to add anything to that?
Scott Lauber: No, I agree. It just, it'll be good to get the facts on the table and everyone be able to talk about the issues and work through it. So we have a lot of good information and willing to provide it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then just wanted to pivot towards Wisconsin here with the [PFC] [ph], we've seen kind of some rapid turnover, if you will. And just wondering, I guess, updated thoughts on commission outlook and relationships going forward, given changes we have seen?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think probably the most significant change, obviously, is Chairman Valcq deciding that she would like to retire from a position and Summer Strand, who was appointed last year by the governor, becoming the new chair. And I would just simply repeat what we've said before about the qualifications that Summer Strand has, in her background and energy policy, her background in construction and engineering, very, very well suited to a position like this. So we're looking forward to working even more closely with Summer. And then the other most recent appointment is a person who's been at the commission and has headed up divisions and staffs at the Commission for I believe, more than a decade. So a good bit of experience to join Summer Strand. And Scott, I think we feel like both of these appointments are very balanced.
Scott Lauber: Yes. Very balanced. And having that experience in the commission and be able to fill one of the spots very quickly is good to see.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. And maybe just the last one, if I could just thoughts about the energy infrastructure segment in general, versus the regulated utilities. There was a pivot kind of a way before and then back towards it. And so just wondering how you think about I guess, investments and the two different sides and are you targeting higher returns on the infrastructure business in excess of the authorized ROEs, just wondering, kind of how you see the gives and takes there given the shifts in CapEx in recent years.
Gale Klappa: Well, look let me start, and then let Scott give you his view on this as well. Let me start by saying that when we originally laid out our new five-year capital plan, which would have been in early November, it was before obviously the rate order decision in Illinois. Essentially, that plan to achieve a 6.5% to 7% EPS growth, that plan crowded out, if you will, a number of infrastructure projects that we had in the due diligence pipeline. So it really was not all that difficult to begin to look at, what alternatives do we have here for high quality projects? I would say they're kind of two things related to your question. The first is, that we are still seeing a significant number of high quality projects that we're looking at number one, number two, we target in the neighborhood of an 8% unlevered IRR. That's kind of basically the way we look at this, that should result in a return slightly higher than the regulated business. But I would just add, and Scott can add on to this. For a number of the projects, we probably don't talk enough about this. We're building flexibility for our regulated business, particularly Scott for the projects that are in the MISO footprint.
Scott Lauber: That's exactly right, Gale. So when these PPAs, lying down at the end, 10, 15 years, we'll have the ability, then perhaps the either repower them, find another off taker, or especially in the MISO footprint, move them into the regulated utility here as we continue to decarbonize. So I think there's a lot of opportunities here. And when we look at these projects, we also look at getting all the cash back within10 years, and for sure, in the time of the PPA. So we're really looking at it is good cash flow, but also opportunities here in the regulated long-term.
Gale Klappa: Does that respond to your question?
Jeremy Tonet: Yes, that's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks, Jeremy. And our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Durgesh, please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: I'll take you up on that invite. I'm ready to come and bring a bunch of guys and gals with me. So let me know when.
Gale Klappa: Excellent, excellent. Very good.
Durgesh Chopra: So just clarification on 2024 EPS guidance, does that include the 300 megawatt project that you might be executing on or rather, buying in I think you said the first half the solar project?
Gale Klappa: Yes, it does. Yes. And we're in final due diligence right now on that project. However, the project itself is not yet commercial. It's close, but it's not yet commercial.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So in that 4.80 to 4.90 range, we should be modeling like, half a year plus contribution from that project?
Gale Klappa: That's fair. Absolutely. That's fair.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. And then maybe just, Xia just can you update us on the timing of equity. I think you're targeting a small amount this year. And then sort of pro rata going forward setting the numbers were 100 million, 200 million this year, and then 450 million a year, starting in 2025. How should we think about that with a slightly higher equity number now.
Xia Liu: Nothing is new Durgesh, the 100 to 200 where we're on the way getting there, we turned on the dividend reinvestment plan, employee benefit plans as of January 1 this year. And we have seen shares coming in so far. And traditionally, those programs give us between 100 million to 200 million. If not, we'll turn on the ATM program later in the year. And then going forward, it will be a combination of the benefit programs and the ATM program.
Durgesh Chopra: So just to be clear, though, the total equity issuance amount doesn't -- it should still be in that 100 million or 200 million, or I guess what I was really asking is the incremental equity. I know it's small. That's going to be just going to 2025 and beyond.
Xia Liu: Correct. Yes. Exactly.
Operator: Thanks, Durgesh. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe research. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Sullivan: I wanted to just parse out the '24 guide a little bit more. How much year-over-year uplift are you getting from the energy infrastructure segment? And can you just confirm the solar project is going to be taking PTC or ITC?
Gale Klappa: We'll let Xia give you the breakdown. But the solar project that we're in final due diligence on would be PTCs. Not ITCs, PTCs. So to your point, we're not playing accounting games. We're not trying to take some giant one time, leap forward here. It would be the standard approach that we've used on all of our other infrastructure projects. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes. I would look at it holistically. So 23 to 24, we talked about a reduction from Illinois, that's $0.10 to $0.12. And we have some interest headwinds in the year and a little bit of O&M and offsetting that you would see Wisconsin, ATC and WEC to offset those headwinds. So overall, that's the increase from the 463 to midpoint 485.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then just sticking with 24, the O&M increase? How much of that was kind of known, I guess, through most of last year? And how much of it popped up more recently? Like, I don't know if you could piece out this January storm? And then these projects that sounds like there's a little bit of lag on, what was kind of like known versus more recent development of the O&M uptick?
Gale Klappa: We will let Xia give you the more detailed answer, but long story short, the lion's share of the O&M increase is already recovered in rates. I mean, they were driven by asset additions, been driven mostly by asset additions that have come into service. And were recovered in the last rate cases. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes. And that's it. So about 1%, I call it out 5% of those we already knew, 1% of that was related to storm, the rest would be the O&M related to assets in the rate cases, as well as additional WEC infrastructure projects.
Michael Sullivan: I'm sorry. Go ahead, Gale.
Gale Klappa: No, I was just going to say if you just think about it broadly, as we add assets, you add O&M to basically operate those assets. And we added a considerable, I mean, we added a considerable number of renewable assets, infrastructure projects, et cetera. But if you look at core O&M, I mean, core O&M is very, very under control.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Just can you put the storm one time and like an earnings per share basis?
Gale Klappa: Scott, I think we're talking the January storm, 8 million –
Scott Lauber: It's about $0.02.
Michael Sullivan: $0.02, okay. Okay, and then, thanks for all that. And then kind of just shifting to this upcoming Wisconsin rate case. Any like high level sense of the size of the rate increase we should be anticipating there.
Gale Klappa: Scott, go ahead.
Scott Lauber: So we're currently pulling all those numbers together. As you can tell, we've been working on filling in the hole from the Illinois capitol, but we're currently working on those numbers, you know, we got these asset additions that we're putting in this year. And of course, there'll be some inflation as we look at O&M. So we don't have a final number yet. But we should know by the end of the first quarter here when we file something. But everything seems reasonable if you're pulling stuff together.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Like within the range of where the last case was, in terms of like opening ask, ballpark, is that fair?
Gale Klappa: Yes. I doubt it to be higher than that. It'll be in that ballpark or a little less. I would think. We're still pulling those together, though. We got to factor a lot of stuff in and look at like the production tax credits. We're getting on the solar that just went into service and factoring that all in. You'll see the filing in the second quarter.
Operator: All right. Thanks, Michael. And our next question comes from the line Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Andrew, please go ahead.
Andrew Weisel: Two quick follow ups on the commissioners in Wisconsin, so obviously some new faces their. First question just to confirm that turnover won't have any impact on the timing or outcome of the rate case, or well, I shouldn't say outcome. It won't impact the timing right.
Gale Klappa: Now, the timing has been set by commission policy, I would expect no change.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. The other question I had relates to former commissioner Kyler Huebner, he was ousted if you will by the Republican led Senate, and a lot of the media reports make it sound like a lot of the pushback from that Senate was around his support for renewables and solar in particular. So my question is, do you worry that the state's commitment to renewables might potentially be changing politically? And if so, would that impact your spending strategy at all?
Gale Klappa: Short answer is no. And in fact, I don't know what you were reading. But I really don't think his support for renewables or solar was really a deciding factor in the Senate vote at all. I would just ask you to go back and perhaps read some of the other. Actually, there are very specific comments that were made by members of the Senate Energy Committee news releases that were put out after the fact explaining the action. But it wasn't, at least in our view, it was not at all related to the fact that that he felt a certain amount of renewables were needed. Not at all.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. That's reassuring. Then just a very quick follow up on equity, I understand the slightly higher equity related to the higher CapEx. What about the write down following the Illinois rate case in disallowances? Are you not expecting that to lead to additional equity? Or are you awaiting results of rehearings or potential court cases before you decide?
Xia Liu: That write down the additional equity will extend down to Illinois that's already in the five year plan? It's included in the new equity numbers I gave you.
Gale Klappa: So we've already baked it into the five year plan.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Fremont: I guess my first question is, does when you look at sort of the 28 outlook for the company, the 5% decrease in the natural gas distribution segment? What does that assume in terms of outcomes in Illinois?
Gale Klappa: It assumes a status quo. Because we just don't know exactly the outcome of the safety modernization review. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Right. So it assumes that we will still be doing emergency work and work for the city, and some of those real reliability needs. But for assuming the status, until they get through the system, they'll have a safety modernization program and review that neighborhood program. We don't have any of that in there.
Gale Klappa: So Scott is right. It assumes some spending because we have to do emergency work related to it. If you can't fix a pipe and you have to replace it, we have to do that emergency work. And we really do need to cooperate with the city of Chicago when they're replacing their water mains, for example. So but beyond that, it does not assume any return to the full, roughly 280 million a year, it does not assume that.
Paul Fremont: And presumably, I mean, if the outcome were favorable in Illinois, would that potentially change upward?
Gale Klappa: It certainly could, we'll just have to see the outcome. And we probably won't know more on that though, until what do you think Scott –
Scott Lauber: Late at the end of next year, the same time this year, it's going to take a while to get through, which is the only one to be thorough, so that's good.
Gale Klappa: And because it's not only a specific look at the safety modernization program, but with a separate docket on the future of gas, there will be broad policy decisions within a year we believe.
Paul Fremont: Right. And then, can you discuss what comprises the added infrastructure investment? Is that all essentially renewable investment?
Gale Klappa: Oh, yes. Yes, largely solar. But yes, all renewable.
Paul Fremont: Great. And any update on the tender or and where are you in the tender because the early period, I think expired. When does the tender expire?
Gale Klappa: Xia has all the details for you. And yes, the early tender has run its course.
Xia Liu: Yes. The early tender has expired. We expect to tender, a little over $120 million out of the 500 million, all that is coming together.
Paul Fremont: And you're still waiting for the regular tender to expire, right?
Xia Liu: Correct. But given the expiration of the early tender, we don't expect much pickup after the early expiration date.
Paul Fremont: Okay. And then I guess, last question, when would we see sort of the annual breakouts of the change in your spending some of the words, the five year numbers?
Xia Liu: We have that in the 10-K. So we'll issue the 10-K in February, and then we have a February investor deck, which will give you the details for the next three years.
Operator: Thanks, Paul. And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Julien, the floor is yours.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, look, let's bring it back to your neck of the woods. Super quick. There's been a lot of conversation on all sides of legislation in Illinois, and a lot of different parties coming to the table obviously doesn't seem entirely ripe or obvious where that's going. But, how do you see that kind of meshing up against these various dockets with a future gas? Or, frankly, your own rehearing? We just kind of getting a cohesive set of policies maybe aligning with the governor round, or what have you. I mean, how do you see that possibly coming together? Like, what venue, even if you will?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think I'm not sure if there's a clear answer to that. But I can give you my opinion. And once you know of my opinion on this because there's not a clear answer, it could be wrong. But my sense is that every major step that we're going to see going forward, is going to be under the umbrella of implementing what we call CEJA, the Clean Energy Jobs Act. And I think that you see that path very clearly discussed with by Chairman Scott, as he talks about his decisions and the Commission's decisions being tied to implementation of that Clean Energy Jobs Act. So that's, I think, the framework or the umbrella under which a lot of all of these dockets are going to proceed, if you will. And I think the Chairman sees his job as his mandate from the governor of basically putting into action, that piece of legislation. And one of the most important steps now is going to be at the commission. And with that docket, that they've now just authorized, looking at the future of gas in the state of Illinois. And again, that's going to be very open, very productive. I think. All the stakeholders are going to have their say. And I would just say to you at the end of the day, Midwesterners, Illinoisans are pretty practical people. So I think we're going to end up with a practical result. That would be my projection at the end of all of those discussions. Scott, anything to add?
Scott Lauber: No, nothing additional. I agree with you. We'll probably go through that process.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I know, it's a little opaque at the time for the time being but appreciate it. Look, actually related, if we can just talk about QIP, I mean, obviously, there's an element of trying to get recovery here of spending, is there any portion of spending that can be funneled through, that are or related riders here. I mean, how do you think about, lag in the context of spending in Illinois. I mean, obviously, you're pulling back on spending here, but I just want to try to make sure we kind of calibrate accordingly to how to think about the business and the ability to earn, you're at or near your authorized, if you will?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think it's a great question. I think the short answer is really to be found in the docket that now is being authorized. And we'll come to a conclusion by June 1, or we expect early June at the latest. So there were under that safety modernization program, you call it QIP, which was the piece of legislation that authorized a rider to recover these investments a bill rider. There were several buckets of activity that were included in that legislation and recovered through that rider. One of the buckets, we feel just has to continue, as Scott mentioned earlier, it's the emergency work. And it's the work that, for example, we do in conjunction with the city of Chicago, they are actively replacing aging water mains, and it doesn't make a lot of sense to rip up the streets twice. So we work together. And we work together very well, to accomplish what we need to accomplish as they were doing their work. That bucket also got paused in the Commission's order, as well as the big piece of the plan, which is the neighborhood work, going neighborhood by neighborhood based on risk, to upgrade the safety and put a new modern state-of-the-art piping. So the piece that we're saying to them, that look, we really need to continue and get appropriate recovery for is $134 million. It's that bucket of work, relating to emergencies, things that we have to do and to work, for example, like with the city of Chicago. So that piece is what we're asking for recovery on. And we should get an answer, Scott, I believe by early June.
Scott Lauber: Yes. We expect that in June. And then the remaining as you look at the neighborhood programs, and we think it'll take about a year to go through the docket. That then would have to be looked at in a forward-looking test yard imagine as we put rates together. So it'd be really two steps here.
Gale Klappa: I was just going to say watch the space. There'll be a lot of activity over the course of the next 12 months.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Excellent. All right. Well, look, I'll leave it there. Thank you, guys, very much for the details and best of luck, and I'm sure I'll see you guys soon. All right. Take care.
Operator: Thanks, Julian. And our final question today comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Following up on Julien's question on rate lag, as you've I'm sure aware that you were one of -- a number of decisions that happen late in 2023 that were not what the utilities kind of expected. And, as you know, Gale, you've been doing this a long time. We may be entering into an environment where there just is less appetite for the CapEx spending and more of a desire for bang for the buck kind of approach or regulatory lag, as Julien was bringing up? I guess I'm sort of a bigger picture question. A, mean, at least what I'm looking at that. That's what I see. If you disagree, let me know. And then secondly, how do you think because you've been doing this a long time, and you've seen this kind of environment in the past, I'm sure what -- how you might approach a situation in which there's just a hesitancy to continue with mechanisms like the S&P or at least augmenting them or changing them in such a way that, that it might be a bit more of a challenge. So just wanted to, this is one of your big picture if you could sort of address that.
Gale Klappa: Yes, be happy to. And as you ask the question, there are two specific things that really come to my mind. The first is that, I mean, we're obviously only going to make investments that follow public policy, and public policy of a safety modernization program on the future of gas in Illinois are going to be decided in the next 12 months. Having said that, I believe there's a certain amount of investment that's simply going to have to take place for the safety of Chicagoans. What amount that is, I don't know, in terms of what decision might be made. But I can't imagine the Safety Modernization Program. Maybe it's changed, maybe it's not, but I can't imagine that investment going to zero. Just from a pure practical standpoint, I don't think that's feasible in terms of protecting the City of Chicago, or preparing the City of Chicago for an energy future that could include renewable natural gas, hydrogen, or any other type of fuel. So that's kind of piece one. Piece two, just remember that under normal circumstances, Illinois as a future test period, their rate cases have a one year future test period, which does help to mitigate any kind of issue related to regulatory lag on a normal ongoing basis. And then I guess the other thing that I would add is, you look at just the adjustments we've made since November 16, in our capital plan. I mean, I mentioned earlier, three mega trends are driving the kind of investment opportunity that we have in front of us, which is robust. And those three mega trends are basically reliability, the incredible economic growth that we're seeing in terms of expansion and attraction here of businesses, and industrial customers, and in the third and these are all important decarbonization. So I don't see regardless of the outcome in Illinois, any type of really diminished opportunity, Scott, in terms of the broad, broad avenues that we have for productive investment that support those trends.
Scott Lauber: No. When you're looking at it, what do you think about the decarbonization, it's more than that, because a lot of these power plants that are retiring, it's either invest hundreds of millions of dollars there, or in a carbon free resource and doesn't cost anything for the fuel. So there's also cost savings there to long term with the production tax credit. So, we do have a lot of opportunities here.
Gale Klappa: Paul, does that respond?
Paul Patterson: I appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, I think we wore you guys out today. So that concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Thank you so much for your questions and for participating as always, and if you have any additional thoughts or questions, Beth Straka is happy to pick up the phone. She can be reached at 414-221-4639 Thanks, everybody. See you along.
Operator: Thanks, Gale. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2023 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: From America's Heartland, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the third quarter of 2023. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported third quarter 2023 earnings of $1 a share. We delivered another solid quarter of growth, and we remain on track for a strong 2023. Our focus on executing the fundamentals of our business is creating real value for our customers and our stockholders. Today, we're also reaffirming our earnings guidance for the year. The range is $4.56 to $4 -- I'm sorry -- $4.58 to $4.62 a share with an expectation of completing the year in the upper half of the range. As always, this assumes normal weather through the final quarter of 2023. Switching gears now, our big news for the day is the rollout of our ESG progress plan for the period 2024 through 2028. As you may have seen from our announcement this morning, we expect to invest $23.4 billion with an ongoing focus on efficiency, sustainability and growth. This is the largest capital plan in our history, an increase of $3.3 billion above our previous five-year plan, that's more than a 16% increase. Several factors of driving the investment outlined in our updated ESG progress plan. The first of these factors is the economic growth we're seeing in the Milwaukee region, particularly in what we call the I-94 corridor in the southeastern part of the state between Milwaukee and the Illinois state line, from data centers to pharmaceuticals to micro inverters for solar panels from even more gummy bears to massive new distribution and fulfillment centers. And this growth is also spanning new commercial and residential development in the region. In our new five-year plan, we expect our asset base to grow at an average rate of 8.1% a year. And as we fund this growth with an appropriate financing package, we project our earnings per share will continue to rise at a compound annual rate of 6.5% to 7% a year. As we've been discussing with you, our plan will include growth equity in the form of programmatic equity, including our dividend reinvestment plan, employee benefit plans, and at the market plans. There is no need for block equity in the five-year plan, and we'll start in 2024 by issuing a $100 million to $200 million of new equity. Xia will provide you with more details on the financing plan in just a few minutes. I'd also like to point out a few other quick highlights for you. Over the next five years, we'll continue to make great progress in transforming our power generation fleet and reducing carbon dioxide emissions. In the plan, for example, we're making a significant commitment to new solar, wind and battery storage, as well as modern efficient natural gas generation and LNG storage. In addition, we'll be adapting to the new seasonal capacity rules being put in place by MISO, Midcontinent Independent System Operator. American Transmission Company will be adding needed transmission capability and to help assure energy security for our customers will continue to harden our distribution networks. On the environmental front, our plan still calls for reducing CO2 emissions from our power generation fleet by 80% by the end of 2030. And I'm pleased to report that assuming timely regulatory approvals, we now project a complete exit from call three years earlier by the end of 2032. So the future is bright, the investment opportunity is long, strong, and highly executable. And Scott will provide you with some specifics in just a few minutes. And now a brief look at the regional economy. The unemployment rate in Wisconsin stands at 3.1%, continuing a long running trend below the national average. And as we look inside the numbers, we see an encouraging upward trend in Wisconsin's labor force participation of this year. As I mentioned, growing companies are investing and expanding in our region. Microsoft is now moving dirt and moving full speed ahead to develop its new data center complex in that I-94 corridor, we mentioned south of Milwaukee. And Haribo officially opened the doors of its new confectionary plant in July. Fast forward to today, and Haribo is already planning to double the size of its production capability, adding more capacity for gummy bears, new technology and additional employees. And so -- also south of Milwaukee, Uline plans to open a 1 million square foot facility this year. Uline, in case you're not familiar with the name, is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials for businesses throughout North America and even more expansion is planned by Uline for 2025. These developments highlight the strength and the potential of the Wisconsin economy and underscore the need for the investments we're outlining in our five-year plan. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more specifics on our capital projects, our regulatory calendar, and our operational highlights. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start with some of the specifics on our capital plan. As Gale noted, we have identified $3.3 billion of additional investments compared to our last five-year plan. I'll walk you through the changes. Between 2024 and 2028, we plan to increase our investment in renewables by $1.4 billion. With that, we expect to invest in 3,800 megawatts of new renewable capacity. In the plan is a billion dollar increase in transmission investment. This is our share of the ATC plan. Renewable projects and regional growth are among the driving factors. To support reliable service for our customers, we expect to spend an additional $1.3 billion on natural gas generation over the five-year plan. This includes both combustion turbines and reciprocating internal combustion engines, or RICE units. We also have planned to invest in additional $800 million in liquified natural gas capacity, which will be used for electric generation and for our natural gas operations on the coldest days of the year. With these important investments for our utilities, we have reduced our planned investment in our Energy Infrastructure segment. We'll be happy to share more details with you at the upcoming EEI conference. Now, moving on to the regulatory front. As you recall, we expect a decision from the Wisconsin Commission before the end of the year on our limited reopener filings. We also have an update on our rate filings under review in Illinois for Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas. Recently, the administrative law judge on the case issued a proposed order largely consistent with staff's recommendation. The order recommends a 9.83% return on equity at both utilities, and we expect a final decision by the end of November. And moving to the other states. I'm pleased to report that both the Minnesota and Michigan Commissions have recently approved settlements on our rate reviews. Meanwhile, we're making progress on a number of regulated capital projects. As you recall, we closed on our first option at the West Riverside Energy Center earlier this year, adding a 100 megawatts of efficient combined cycle natural gas generation to our portfolio. Since our last call, we filed our request to purchase another 100 megawatts of Riverside capacity under our remaining option. Pending regulatory approval, we expect to invest $100 million to add this capacity in 2024. Elsewhere in the state, work continues on the Badger Hollow II solar facility and the Paris and Darien solar battery parks. You may recall we had solar panels waiting on final release from a bonded warehouse in Chicago. I'm happy to report that those panels are being cleared. The first 100 megawatts have been released and the trucks are rolling to our Badger Hollow II site. We expect all of our panels to be released and in our possession by the end of this year. We are on track for Badger Hollow II to go into service late this year or early next year, with the Paris Solar Park to follow. In addition, work is underway on the Darien facility, which is planned to go into service by the end of 2024. We'll keep you updated on any future developments. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott. Thanks very much. And now just a quick reminder about our dividend. Our dividend growth continues to stand in the top decile of our industry. In fact, we were recently named one of the 10 best dividend stocks in America by Morningstar. As usual, I expect our Board will assess our dividend plans for next year and our regularly scheduled meeting in December. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're positioned well within that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Next up, Xia will provide you with more information on our third quarter financials and a good bit of detail on our upcoming five-year financing plan. Xia, all yours.
Xia Liu: Thanks Gale. Our 2023 third quarter earnings of a $1 per share increased $0.04 per share compared to the third quarter of 2022. Our earnings package includes a comparison of third quarter results on page 15. I will walkthrough the significant drivers. Our earnings from utility operations were $0.18 above the third quarter of 2022. First, weather had an estimated one penny negative impact quarter-over-quarter. Higher depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense added another $0.09 of negative variance. These unfavorable variances were more than offset in the quarter. Rate base growth contributed $0.13 to earnings. This includes the base rate increase for our Wisconsin utilities as well as the interim rate increase for Minnesota energy resources. Additionally, timing of fuel expense improved our earnings by $0.13 and lower day-to-day O&M resulted in a $0.02 improvement. Before I turn to earnings at the other segments, let me briefly discuss our weather normalized sales for the quarter. You can find this sales information on page 11 of the earnings package. Retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mine, were down eight tenths of a percent quarter-over-quarter. This was driven by lower sales volumes to large commercial and industrial customers. Residential usage was up 1.3% and is ahead of our forecast through the first nine months of the year. Also, sales to our small commercial and industrial customers were up four tenths of a percent and are tracking our forecast for the year. Regarding our investment in American Transmission Company, earnings decreased $0.05 compared to the third quarter of 2022. Recall that last year we recorded a $0.05 pickup from a resolution of MISO ROE appeals. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment decreased one penny in the third quarter of 2023 compared to the third quarter of 2022. This was mostly driven by lower wind production, partially offset by tax credits on projects that we placed into service. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segments decreased $0.08 largely due to higher interest expense. As Gale noted, we are reaffirming our annual guidance of $4.58 to $4.62 per share. This includes October weather and assumed normal weather for the remainder of the year. Now turning to our financing plan. Gale and Scott have already discussed the new five-year capital plan. I'll provide details related to our anticipated financing activity to support the plan. You can find this information on page 22 of the earnings package. As you can see on the chart, over the next five years, we expect cash from operations to fund about 65% of our cash needs. About 28% of the funding is expected to come from debt and the remaining 7% from issuance of common equity. As Gale mentioned earlier, we expect to utilize dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans and at the market programs to tap into the equity market. Our common equity issuance is projected to be in a range of $100 million to $200 million for 2024 and $1.8 billion to $2.2 billion over the next five-year plan. Recall, our equity ratios in our utilities are thicker, particularly at Wisconsin Electric. Supporting these thicker equity layers results in approximately $400 million of common equity raise. The remaining equity raise represents approximately 50% of incremental capital spend. As you know, our equity issuances post 2024 will be tied to our capital plan rateably at approximately $450 million a year. This financing plan not only supports our long-term earnings growth rate, but also helps maintain our targeted credit metrics. In addition, I'll quickly address our upcoming holding company refinancing needs. Over the next three years, we have total maturities of about $2.8 billion. The $600 million that matures in 2024 carries a very low coupon. However, the remaining $2.2 billion scheduled to mature in 2026 has a weighted average coupon of just under 5%, which represents lower refinancing risk. In closing, as shown on the last page of the earnings package, through our capital allocations, we expect the percent of assets invested in our regulated electric businesses to grow faster. At the same time, the percent of assets in gas distribution and in contracted renewables is expected to decline. We are very excited about the investment opportunities ahead of us. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: All right. Xia, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and the company continues to perform at a very high level. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Now, we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll, Shar. How are you?
Shar Pourreza: Mr. Klappa, how you doing?
Gale Klappa: Doing great.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. So, Gale, obviously, in Xia's prepared remarks, she hit on why the equity guide was obviously somewhat large and what would be dictated by the growth CapEx increase. It's obviously, because of the higher equity layers. I guess, how should we think about this in terms of the balance sheet capacity it gives you? How is the conversations with the current rating agency? And related, are you done now through the trajectory or could incremental CapEx lend to more equity? I mean, you do tend to raise CapEx every year in the Microsoft opportunities still out there. Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. Yeah, great question, Shar. Well, first of all, kind of let me back up and reiterate a couple of things that Xia mentioned. I think you can look at, and Xia touched on this, about $400 million of the equity raise. At least in my mind, I look at that as kind of a one-time catch up because over the last rate case outcomes, we've received thicker equity layers virtually in every situation. So about $400 million of that really just goes to support, really strong credit metrics at all of our utilities. So I would look at that particular $400 million chunk that Xia referred to, Shar, as kind of a one-time catch up. And then to answer your question about further capital. And yes, the Microsoft plan is still being developed. We'll know a lot more in the next few months beyond what we've put in this plan related to Microsoft as they continue to refine their plan for the large complex that they're going to develop here in southeastern Wisconsin. But I think the way to look at it is that incremental capital beyond what's in the plan, probably equities about 50% of that incremental capital. Xia, any other thoughts?
Xia Liu: No, you addressed it.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Shar, does that respond to your question?
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic. And then just the $3.3 billion, any sense on the profile of that CapEx, or is that like an EEI update?
Gale Klappa: Yeah. Let's walk through all of that in detail at EEI for you. We'll have a very specific breakdown for you EEI. But I think clearly there's going to be some additional capital. I mean, we mentioned generation and LNG as kind of large contributors to the capital plan. So I think the outer years or the later years in the five-year plan will be larger than the first couple of years. I think the first, the first couple of years probably the increase will be more dominated by transmission in the first couple of years. And then as we build generation and as we build the LNG facilities, you'll see kind of a rise in that five-year capital plan. I will say this, there is no white space in that five-year capital plan. I mean, we have just tremendous opportunity in front of us.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And that's how we should think about the profile of the equity, right? It matches with the CapEx.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely. Yeah. We will match the equity issuance with the capital investment each year.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then lastly, just moving to the Infrastructure segment, it's a pretty big reduction, Gale, in spending there. Is that a function of a lack of opportunities despite our IRA or is it more about making sure you kind of stay within that business risk profile and credit metrics to somewhat appease the agencies? I guess, how should we think about that segment on a go forward basis? Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. Shar, great question. Let me just first say, there's no lack of opportunity as we see it in the Infrastructure segment. But what we're doing here is simply reallocating capital and resources to the tremendous growth opportunity that's evolving here in our regulated business driven by Microsoft, driven by the other economic growth that we've described to you. So this is not really any comment at all in terms of the potential, the returns or the opportunity in the Infrastructure segment. It's just -- we have a tremendous opportunity here now to reallocate capital to our regulated enterprise.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. All right. I'll pass it to someone else. We'll see you in about a week. Thanks guys.
Gale Klappa: All right. Take care, Shar. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Fowler with UBS. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Ross. How are you?
Ross Fowler: Good afternoon. So Gale, just before we get into it, I've got November 22nd already circled on my calendar for Buck Celtics [ph], so we'll get there quick, quicker than you think.
Gale Klappa: It really will. It'll be fascinating.
Ross Fowler: Yeah. So just a couple from me. I mean, I know, Gale, as you talked about sort of the DRIP in the past, you never really turned it off to my understanding. You've just been sort of buying back those shares. What's kind of been the traditional uptake of that DRIP program as I try to scale that equity in the plan to sort of what is DRIP internal and what might be ATM?
Gale Klappa: Well, it's a good question and I will look to Xia to make sure my numbers are right, but it's varied over the years, the DRIP program, but generally it's about $100 million to $150 million.
Xia Liu: $100 million to $200 million over the -- on average over the past four years is not just DRIP, it's DRIP and the employee benefit plans and so what we call the programmatic plans. So on average it's $100 million to $200 million a year.
Gale Klappa: And Ross, you're right, we have been buying shares off the market to satisfy both the DRIP plan and the employee benefit plan. So this simply kind of puts us back in a position where I think everybody else in the industry already is.
Ross Fowler: Right. Got gotcha, Gale. And then just there's been some confusion around in the market. Maybe as you change sort of your coretirement deadlines here in this plan and push those into the end of -- bring those forward actually I should say to the end of 32. Just remind me how the power of the future works and then confirm for me that I'm right in thinking that if you do natural gas conversion at those units, that that fits into that mechanism as well.
Gale Klappa: Ross, you're absolutely right. It does fit into the mechanism. One way to look at it is all of the arrangements and all of the legal situations related to power of the future and all the regulatory situation related to power of the future is fuel agnostic. So there's really no regulatory approval required for us to do the major activity that we're already underway with, which is beginning a transition of the new coal-fired units at our Oak Creek site from coal and natural gas. And again, we're already making modifications at the plant itself. We're already testing burn of natural gas, up to certain levels. We're planning to bring in larger meter sets, et cetera. So the work is underway to continue the transition of coal and natural gas at our new Oak Creek units. The other power of the future units are already natural gas fired. So -- but there is no -- there really is no legal or regulatory requirement related to the concept of transitioning from coal to natural gas.
Ross Fowler: And so that investment would earn that higher ROE and then go through that same sort of mortgage amortization process, if I'm thinking about that right?
Gale Klappa: That is exactly correct, Ross. Yes.
Ross Fowler: Okay. All right. I'll leave it there and pass it on to the next.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Afternoon, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, Gale. How are you?
Gale Klappa: We're good. We're good. By the way, Michael, there's no truth to the rumor that you're dressing up as Taylor Swift tonight for Halloween, is there?
Michael Sullivan: No, no. I've had enough with these at this point.
Gale Klappa: Or maybe you're dressing up as Travis Kelsey. I'm not sure.
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. Anyways. At this point where we're at on the Illinois case, is it fair to say we're going to a final order in those cases, or is there still a chance something could be worked out here?
Gale Klappa: Time will tell. Obviously, my sense is we will probably end up with a final review and a final decision by the Illinois Commission. Scott, your view.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. I expect -- I think there's some moral arguments going on in the next couple weeks, and I expect something by the end of November here.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And then I just wanted to ask, in terms of timing. I know a lot of people have been asking on this, Gale, just your kind of timeline for being in the current role that you're in. I think the last update there was through May of 2024. Just any sense of when you'll update us on that front. Are you tying yourself to [indiscernible] with his extension or?
Gale Klappa: Well, the problem is I asked our Board for an extension at [indiscernible] level, and I'm not sure they're going to buy that -- and I appreciate the question. You're correct. My current agreement goes to May of 2024, and we're having some really good discussions with the Board and with Scott. And we'll have an announcement here in the next very short period of time.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Michael. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, how are you doing?
Gale Klappa: I'm good. I got -- I now have a name for your new dog.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Go for it. I'm all yours.
Gale Klappa: Equity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Fair enough. True story. Love it. Darius's got his second, and I'm still here without it yet, so I got to catch up. That's all I got to say.
Gale Klappa: There you go.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Don't worry. He's dressing his dog up for Halloween and I still -- whatever. It's all good. Look, you always have fun. I always got to say, I mean, you're still having fun though in the role though, right? As a follow up to the last question in brief.
Gale Klappa: Still having fun.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Excellent. Well, that's good to hear. Look more seriously though. I -- maybe just to follow up on this, on the Microsoft response and just like what's embedded in the outlook versus what's incremental. I get that there's no white space. I mean, really the question is how soon and how much further can you go to the extent to which that they give clarity on their plans. Obviously things are actively rolling on their front. In addition to some of these other announcements that you articulated, I just wanted to understand, how fully baked or how much -- well, obviously it's fully baked, how much further you could go and how soon that could be, just given how meaningful the plan sizes are that are contemplated.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. Great question, Julien. So let's put a couple of numbers around it. In this five-year plan, in this new five-year plan, we've included about 1400 megawatts of additional capacity to support the Microsoft data center development and some of the broad based economic growth that we've described to you. And that new capacity is really going to be needed for energy security, and for us to continue to decarbonize. But in the current plan to support the Microsoft development and some of the other that I-94 corridor development that we've talked with you about, we're seeing the need for roughly 1400 megawatts of additional capacity that's embedded in that $3.3 billion increase in our capital plan. And we'll see where it goes. Obviously, we are beginning the process of looking at ordering equipment and starting work on identifying sites, et cetera, et cetera. So much of that capital for the capacity, the generating capacity will be in years three, four, and five.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And just on the other side of the CapEx update, if I can. First off, LNG versus more gas storage, obviously you guys have done a number of those announcements over the years. Thoughts about further acquisitions on that front, or just how you think about the fungibility one between LNG and the other? And then related here, also big update on the ATC front. Is that just all MISO Trans 1? Does that have white space in it? I mean, just a big step forward on that front too. It's overshadowed here by the generation, but I just want to come and address that too.
Gale Klappa: No. There -- again, no white space at all. Scott's on the ATC board. We'll let -- ask Scott to respond to your question on the transmission.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. When you look at the transmission, and it's up significantly as you noted, it is a combination of the economic development that Gale talked about, getting transmission to the region. Also the renewables we're putting on the system and other utilities in the state of putting on the system. And then just regular system renewal in ATC's footprint. So you've put it all together and it's about a $1 billion more. And I think you maybe saw their 10-year capital plan just came out and it was also a significant increase from the prior one. So good growth, just good executable capital also at American Transmission Company and we're 60% of that.
Gale Klappa: And Scott, from your -- here in my discussions, some of that capital is really upgrading aging transmission facility.
Scott Lauber: Exactly. It's renewing some of those older facilities that are put in years ago.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome.
Gale Klappa: Does that answer your question?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. The gas storage. Yeah. The LNG and gas storage, the LNG is really making sure we have the capacity and putting those units in the state of Wisconsin, just like over Christmas day weekend there was gas supply challenges. Having the LNG tank that we had at our South Oak Creek plant actually really helped the system that particular day. So having that in the state of Wisconsin is going to be very helpful on those very cold days when we need that capacity.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. Scott's exactly right. And just to add onto that. We don't ever want to go through another Christmas Eve like we went through last Christmas Eve. I mean, as you know, there was a very significant cold snap. And many parts of the country had rolling blackouts. We did not, but a major transmission gas pipeline into Wisconsin lost about 40% of its capacity to bring gas in. If we hadn't had LNG storage right here that we could direct eject into our gas distribution networks, we would've had some real issues. So there's no doubt in our mind that for energy security, particularly at times when it gets to 20 and 30 degrees below zero, we need to have that capacity to keep gas flowing, to keep the heat on, and to keep the lights on in Wisconsin. So that's a big rationale, a big part of what we're accomplishing with this investment that we've outlined.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you again. Good luck guys. See you soon.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Neil Kalton: Hi, guys.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Neil. We're good. How's it going, Neil?
Neil Kalton: It is going well. It's Halloween, fun day. So all is well down here. Just one quick question for you. So in the EPS CAGR, I think you affirmed the 6.5% to 7%. And just curious, are you assuming any changes to the allowed earned ROEs in that forecast over five years?
Gale Klappa: No, we're basically assuming status quo.
Neil Kalton: Okay. That was my question. That is all. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Thanks Neil. Hang in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Afternoon, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good afternoon. Happy Halloween there.
Gale Klappa: Happy Halloween to you.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks. I was just looking maybe to quantify transferability a little bit more. And if you could walk us through the role of IRA track -- tax credit transferability in your financing plans, specifically, kind of with the $16.5 billion to $17.5 billion in cash from operations, how much is tax credit there? And any sense as to how much incremental debt this allows you to take on?
Gale Klappa: Sure. We will ask Xia to give you the details. I will say that there's a significant amount of cash coming in from transferability of the tax credits. And it's a very positive thing overall for our cash sources. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yeah. So in the five-year plan, we expect between $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion tax credits either we will use for our own tax appetite or sell to a third -- to some third-party. And that's part of the -- to your point, that's part of the FFO.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. Thank you for that. And then just kind of continuing on, I guess with equity funding in general, thank you for all the color that you provided here earlier. But just wondering, as you look forward through the plan, are your balance sheet metrics getting stronger or the metrics the same? Is this -- kind of looking to offset higher rates? Just wondering how this all comes together.
Gale Klappa: Getting stronger by the day.
Xia Liu: Yeah. We feel good about the -- hitting the target credit metrics. We're looking forward to sitting down. Scott and I are visiting the rating agencies next week. We look forward to the conversation with them.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that. And then maybe just a real quick last one and kind of better than expected results, as we look forward into to 4Q here, how we think about, I guess, O&M? Should we expect you to realize the full $40 million in nonrecurring O&M expenses from 4Q 2022 as we lap that, I guess that positive variance there, and how does this impact your O&M outlook into 2024?
Gale Klappa: Well, Jeremy -- and we'll let Scott and Xia give you their view. Q4 last year had a lot of moving pieces that won't be repeated in Q4 this year. So I think you've got to look at it as a whole. There were close to $70 million of one time or different initiatives or different levers that came to pass in Q4 of 2022, that were already in 2023 here, folks. So again, I would look at -- I mean, I think the O&M numbers were a bit distorted because of things that happened that deliberately, the actions that we took in the fourth quarter last year. So again, I would look at it a little bit more holistically. We've been projecting all year a very strong fourth quarter, and in our minds, that's still very much intact. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yeah. Not much to add. I think we have a little bit of -- last fourth quarter, a little bit unfavorable weather, so hopefully that's a tailwind. We have rate base increase. We have fuel upside. We have a very large O&M upside in the fourth quarter, so we feel very good about the fourth quarter projections.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Take care, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Anthony, rock and roll.
Anthony Crowdell: Good afternoon. Rock and roll. Happy Halloween.
Gale Klappa: Happy Halloween. Have you got your dog dressed up in name for the Halloween night here?
Anthony Crowdell: Deferred asset. No, no, no, no, no pets. The four daughters are overwhelmingly enough. So just -- I guess maybe just some quick housekeeping. Slide 21, great detail. And just curious, the footnote excludes ATC capital, when we think of the growth going on at ATC capital to Scott's comments earlier, is that self-funded, or does that also require funding by Westcon -- by WEC?
Xia Liu: It's self -- it's more than self-funded. So we excluded the cap, the $3 billion in the uses. But in the sources, we also netted out the cash they send us versus what we send down to them. The net-net is a net positive. So they're self-fund -- self-funding, but more than self-funding themselves.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. We get cash distributions back from ATC. So Xia is exactly right, it's self-funding plus cash back to the owners.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And I'm sure you're not looking to front run your meeting with the rating agencies, but if I could focus on, I think S&P right now has you on negative outlook. Is your assumption that the current plan will resolve their concerns? I'm assuming so. I just wanted to double check with you there.
Gale Klappa: Well, a couple things. First of all, just to clarify, the parent is on negative outlook. The utilities are stable, so I just wanted to make sure everybody remembers that. And then secondly, we think, and we'll let Xia and Scott give you their view, but we think the fact that we're going to be issuing equity to support this growth plan, will be viewed quite favorably. Again, we've not issued any new shares since 2015 when we did the acquisition of Integrys. Scott, your thoughts?
Scott Lauber: You're exactly right, Gale, and we'll sit down with them next week. They haven't seen the plan yet, so we just thought it made sense when we roll out the plan and then walk them through it year by year, and until they actually see it, it's hard to judge the decision. But I think we really compliment it well with our capital growth and the credit metrics overall.
Gale Klappa: Xia?
Xia Liu: Nothing more to add. We appreciate the opportunity to sit down with them and talk through the details.
Anthony Crowdell: Well, great. Looking forward to seeing you guys in Phoenix. Thanks for the time.
Gale Klappa: All right. Thank you. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ofri Mott [ph] with Ladenburg. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Ofri.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Not to beat a dead horse, but roughly where -- with the new investment program and the additional equity, do you land in terms of FFO to debt? Are you sort of in that 14% to 15% range that you've targeted?
Xia Liu: No. We -- it's part of the package I think we included. So we are targeting 15% to 16% by S&P and Moody's.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. So do you fall within that range then in terms of -- with the additional equity and the additional investment?
Xia Liu: Yes, absolutely.
Gale Klappa: Yep.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Gale Klappa: That's the whole idea.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. I just wanted to sort of confirm that. And then, in terms of the coal exit, even though, it's not sort of in your power of the future contract, it likely will have a bill impact on customers. So what sort of communication do you need to have with the existing commissioners?
Gale Klappa: Well, go ahead Scott.
Scott Lauber: So when we look at it, we really don't see much of a bill impact because when you look at it, we're going to get the same output from the plant. You just won't have the O&M associated with running with the coal. So the real change is going to be -- you eliminate coal, but what is the price of natural gas? If natural gas would go up to $10, that's a whole different game, but that's more of a fuel issue. And the same thing with coal. So when you look at the operations, I don't think -- there's not a lot of capital investments that we're doing to do the conversion. There's smaller capital projects to just put in new burners. In fact, we're doing some this fall and next spring we're putting in some new burners also.
Gale Klappa: And just to add on to what Scott's mentioned to you, this plan to convert from coal to natural gas at our newer Oak Creek units is one that's been in the making for at least a couple of years now. So we've had extensive ongoing discussions with the commissioners. They understand what we're trying to achieve. They understand the importance of continuing to cost effectively reduce CO2 emissions. And remember, our goal, which we're on track to achieve, is an 80% reduction in CO2 emissions by the end of 2030. So this is not a new concept to anyone in the state.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. And when you think about the EPA rules going forward, if it was on coal, you'd have to put in carbon capture or do something with hydrogen, and carbon capture would be extremely expensive. And where do you put the carbon, what you capture? So we looked at what's efficient in the long-term.
Gale Klappa: And one more fact, I think it's very important to remember how critical an asset those new Oak Creek units are on most days in the Midwest operator footprint, because of the efficiency of those units and because of their incredible connection to the transmission network, those units help keep the lights on, not only in Wisconsin, but across the Midwest. So very important asset. We're on track to do what we need to do to continue with the life of that asset for a long period of time with much lower emissions.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question today comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greeting, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Greetings. So just back to the whole -- back to the rate question. I guess with the new outlook that you guys have regarding rate base growth, obviously interest rates, inflation, et cetera. What is your expectation in Wisconsin and Illinois in terms of what base rate changes customers might see? Has it changed or?
Gale Klappa: Not really, but let's kind of take it state by state. In Illinois, what we're proposing in our current rate review is really no change in the level of investment in upgrading the pipe system, the natural gas pipe delivery system under Chicago. So we've been averaging about $280 million a year of investment in upgrading that aging corroding pipe network. We're about 35%, 36% complete with the upgrades, and we're proposing to continue at about $280 million a year. That's about the pace that we can do to get work done inside the city of Chicago. So -- and remember in our current rate review proposal in Chicago, even with the rate increase if fully approved, coupled with the decline in commodity costs of natural gas, we're expecting flat customer bills for this coming winter in Illinois. So essentially this plan really doesn't change the underlying fact pattern in Illinois. And with the load growth, the demand growth that we expect to see in Wisconsin, again, we've been saying we think inflation related rate increases in Wisconsin and -- that's, at least to me, seems to still be the case.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. And we'll see as we continue to roll out the plans here and look at the timing of it. So I think it'll be inflation, approximately inflation as you go forward.
Gale Klappa: Hope that responds, Paul.
Paul Patterson: No, no, that -- that's helpful. Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks so much.
End of Q&A:
Gale Klappa: All right. Thank you. All right, sports fans. Well, this concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for your questions. Thanks for participating. If you have any additional questions, feel free to contact Ms. Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221-4639 and we look forward to seeing you all in Phoenix in just a couple of weeks. Take care everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2023 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Well, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter of 2023. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2023 earnings of $0.92 a share. After a down first quarter marked by one of the warmest winters on record, we delivered solid results in the second quarter and we're firmly on track for a strong 2023. Today, we're reaffirming our guidance for the year. The range is $4.58 to $4.62 a share. This, of course, assumes normal weather going forward. As always, we're focused on the fundamentals of our business: Financial discipline, operating efficiency and customer satisfaction. During the second quarter, we also continued to move forward on our major initiatives, including the investments outlined in our $20.1 billion ESG progress plan. As we've discussed, the plan is based on projects that are low risk and highly executable. We expect to quadruple the amount of renewable generation for our regulated customers, add highly efficient gas field capacity to ensure reliability and continue to harden our delivery networks. Scott will provide you with more detail on several specific projects in just a moment. As a reminder, we project that our ESG progress plan will drive growth in earnings per share of 6.5% to 7% a year. And as we've discussed, there is no need to issue equity for this $20.1 billion five-year plan. Now over the past few months, many of you have asked about the trajectory of our next five-year plan. Our updated plan will cover the period 2024 through 2028. Of course, if growth in demand for capacity and energy drives our next capital plan significantly higher, then we'll evaluate all our financing options. In addition to incremental debt and refinancing opportunities, our options could include accessing the equity market through our dividend reinvestment plans, employee benefit plans and at-the-market programs. I would stress that at this point, we do not see the need for any block equity offering. Again, as a reminder, any equity need would be driven by growth and would support our long-term growth projections. As you would expect, we're on schedule with the development of our next five-year plan, and as usual, we'll share the details with you in the fall. Now let's take a brief look, we'll switch gears and take a brief look at our regional economy. We're still seeing a very strong labor market in Wisconsin. In June, the state added 7,000 private sector jobs. The unemployment rate came in at 2.5%, well below the national average, and the labor force participation rate rose for the fourth straight month in Wisconsin to 65.3%. Very solid numbers. We're also encouraged by the pipeline of economic activity in our region. Last quarter, you heard that Microsoft plans to make an initial investment of $1 billion to create a new data center campus. This new complex will be built south of Milwaukee, in the Wisconsin Innovation Park where Foxconn is located. Microsoft has purchased 315 acres in Area 3 of the park and is moving full speed ahead. In fact, earthwork at the site began just a few days ago. So along with American Transmission Company, we're working closely, in fact, on a weekly basis with Microsoft to determine the full extent of the energy infrastructure that will be needed to serve this development. We're excited about supporting Microsoft as the company moves forward with a major technology investment, and we'll update you as the planning proceeds. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more information on our regulatory developments and on our operations. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start with a few updates on the regulatory front. In May, we filed a limited reopener to set 2024 rates for our Wisconsin utilities. The filings address the recovery of capital investments for certain projects going into service this year and in 2024. These are renewable facilities, RICE generation and LNG reliability investments. The projects have already been approved by the Wisconsin Commission. The return on equity and the equity layer are all set and are not up for consideration as part of this proceeding. We expect a decision from the commission by the end of this year. And as you recall, we have rate filings under review in Illinois for Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas. After nine years without a base rate case at Peoples Gas, we're making these requests for 2024 to support our investments in critical infrastructure. In mid-July, the staff filed its rebuttal testimony, recommending a 9.83% return on equity and an equity layer of 50.83% for Peoples Gas. This was consistent with the initial recommendations from the staff. We expect a final decision by the end of the year. And moving to the other states, we are very pleased that we have reached a settlement agreement in our rate reviews at both Minnesota Energy Resources and Michigan Gas Utilities. The Minnesota Commission is considering a settlement that would provide a 7.1% increase in base rates. As a quick reminder, that’s based at a 9.65% return on equity with an equity layer of 53%. And we’re pleased to update you that in Michigan we have reached a unanimous settlement and the details will be made public later this week. We expect final commissioned approval by the end of the year. Meanwhile, we’re continuing progress on a number of regulatory – regulated capital projects. At the beginning of June, we closed on our first option of West Riverside Energy Center for $95 million. This adds 100 megawatts of efficient combined cycle natural gas generation to our portfolio. As you recall, this plant is in operation and the purchase price was based on book value. And in the next few weeks, we plan to file a request to purchase another 100 megawatts of Riverside capacity under our remaining option. We also put 128 megawatts of new natural gas generation online last month. As you recall, we invested $170 million to build this generation at our existing Western power plant site in Northern Wisconsin. The facility uses seven reciprocating internal combustion engines or as we call them, race units. Elsewhere in the state work continues on the Badger Hollow II solar facility and the Paris and Darien solar-battery parks. The Badger Hollow II site has begun receiving panels using non-Chinese polysilicon. Also, we continue to work on securing custom release of panels from a bonded warehouse in Chicago and we’re still expecting Badger Hollow II to go into service late this year or early next year with Paris Solar Park to follow. In addition, work has begun on the Darien solar facility, which is planned to go into service in 2024. We’ll keep you posted and updated on future developments. With that, I’ll turn you back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott thanks very much. As you may recall, our Board of Directors at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7.2%. We believe this continues to rack our dividend growth in the top decile of our industry. We’re targeting a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We’re right in the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Next up, Xia will provide you with more detail on our financial results and unveil our third quarter guidance. Xia, all yours.
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Our 2023 second quarter earnings of $0.92 per share increased $0.01 per share compared to the second quarter of 2022. Our earnings package includes a comparison of second quarter results on Page 15. I’ll walk through the significant drivers. Our earnings from utility operations were $0.04 above the second quarter of 2022. First, weather had an estimated $0.05 negative impact quarter-over-quarter. Higher depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense added another $0.09 of negative variance. These negative variances were more than offset in the quarter. Rate base growth contributed $0.11 cents to earnings. This includes the base rate increase for our Wisconsin utility as well as the interim rate increase for Minnesota Energy Resources, both of which were effective January 1, 2023. Additionally, timing of fuel expense improved our earnings by $0.05 and lower day-to-day O&M, taxes and other items resulted in a $0.02 improvement. Before I turn to earnings of the other segment, let me briefly discuss our weather normalized sales for the quarter. You can find this sales information on Page 11 of the earnings package. Retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mine were down 0.6% on a weather normal basis. This was driven by lower sales volumes to large commercial and industrial customers. Residential usage, again on a weather normal basis was flat quarter-over-quarter, which is in line with our forecast. Also, sales to our small commercial and industrial customers were up 1.4%, which is ahead of forecast. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.02 in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the second quarter of 2022. This was largely driven by higher production tax credit as a result of the acquisition of renewable projects. Finally, you’ll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segments decreased $0.05, primarily driven by an increase in interest expense. This was partially offset by favorable rabbi trust performance and some tax and other items. Remember, rabbi trust performance is largely offset in O&M. Overall, we improved on our second quarter performance by $0.01 per share compared to last year and by $0.08 per share compared to the midpoint of our Q2 guidance. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities was relatively flat compared to the prior year. And total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $2.1 billion during the first half of 2023, an increase of more than $1 billion from the first half of 2022. This was primarily driven by acquisitions of generation projects in our Regulated and Infrastructure segment. Now, let me give you the guidance for the third quarter. We’re expecting a range of $0.88 to $0.90 per share. This accounts for July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.96 per share in the third quarter last year, which included a positive $0.02 from weather and a $0.05 pickup related to the resolution of the MISO ROE complaint. As Gale mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our 2023 earnings guidance of $4.58 to $4.62 per share, assuming normal weather for the rest of the year. As a reminder, largely due to timing of O&M and fuel expense, we expect earnings in Q4 to be materially better than Q4 of 2022. With that, I’ll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Great, Xia. Thank you. Overall, we’re on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. And operator, we’re ready now for the question and answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Julien, before we start, I know – before we start, I know a great puppy trainer, so just let me know. Julien, are you still with us?
Operator: Julien, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Can you hear me now? Darius, go for it.
Operator: We can.
Gale Klappa: I thought I heard a dog barking in the back there, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: You can, sorry. Sorry about that. I don’t know what happened. I thought I was on mute and off mute there, but then I got figured.
Gale Klappa: I was just saying Julien – Julien, I was just saying that I know a great puppy trainer, so let me know.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, I’m going to put it duly noted, sir, duly noted. I appreciate it. And by the way, congrats guys on all the updates here, really nicely done. I mean to that effect when you think about the settlement here in Michigan, how do you think about Illinois here and the ability to settle that out at least in part here as you get through the bulk of the hearings here in the near-term? Any opportunities and also any thoughts here on the legislative side going into 2024 for gas in Illinois as well?
Gale Klappa: Okay. Appreciate the questions Julien, very much. Tackle the first one first and that’s any potential or possibility for a rate settlement in our Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas cases in Illinois. So, as many of you know, the way the process really unfolds during normal rate reviews in Illinois, historically settlement windows really don’t occur or really don’t open until the administrative law judge has prepared a draft order. And if I remember correctly, the schedule for that administrative law judge draft order probably looks like late October, early November. Scott is agreeing that that’s the case. So if there’s a settlement opportunity, I think those discussions would take place probably in the November timeframe. So we’ll see. Again, as Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks the staff has reiterated its position with a 983 return on equity recommendation and an equity layer higher than what we have at Peoples Gas today. So I hope that responds to your question. And then as far as legislation related to gas in Illinois, we’ll just have to see what takes place. But first things first, we continue to work on a positive resolution of the cases currently pending before the Illinois Commerce Commission. Hope that helps, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Certainly does. And then just quickly, if I can. Any thoughts about converts here? I mean, I heard your opening comments Gale and just curious if open to following the trend across the space?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Well, as we look at our financing package that will be needed to support our new five-year capital plan, I mean, we’ll look at it, it could be part of the mix, but again, I think it really depends upon the circumstances at the time. We haven’t ruled it out. We’ve followed the companies that have used this particular financing and I think you saw one announce today as a matter of fact. So, we haven’t ruled it out. We haven’t ruled it in but it certainly will be part of what we look at going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. We’ll leave it there. I’ll follow-up with you, Gale. All right, take care.
Gale Klappa: Sounds good. Thanks Julien.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Shar you didn’t do any permanent damage to those Porsches, did you?
Shar Pourreza: You have to ask Southern company that, not me.
Gale Klappa: Well, I noticed they’re taking a charge this quarter, so I was a little worried about what you did down there.
Shar Pourreza: We’ll have to wait for that one. Gale, I know you mentioned the Microsoft Facility could be in service by late 2024, early 2025, which obviously that overlaps with your existing five-year plan through 2027. Should we be thinking about Microsoft related investment as something that’s separate and incremental to the current five-year plan? Or is the focus on really maintaining that 7.7% asset based growth as you manage customer affordability? So, in other words, so could other base spending be pushed out to make room for Microsoft related spending? Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Well, great question, Shar. And first off, I don’t think really just given the magnitude of the construction that Microsoft seems to be planning, my own belief is we won’t see the Microsoft campus in operation in 2024. I think that’s just too much of a stretch. My guess, although the company is still very much in its – refining its plans my guess is fourth quarter 2025, early 2026 would be my guess for the first element of the plan that Microsoft is putting together to be operational. And then secondly to your question about would the Microsoft investment that we need to make to support their energy needs and reliability, would that investment be incremental to the plan? Absolutely incremental to the plan. There’s no question about that because it was not in our current five-year plan. Although there are many moving pieces at this stage of the game. But I would just say this is a really positive exciting opportunity for a major new high tech investment in our state.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. So we shouldn’t look at it as crowding out other base related spending as you’re managing rates in the vehicle?
Gale Klappa: No, absolutely. I mean, think about, it’s a great question, Shar, but I would think about it this way. I mean, clearly with the way our customer rates are set demand from Microsoft, I mean essentially, I mean, given the rate charges that Microsoft would receive, they will pay their fair share of whatever additional capacity and energy is needed. So it wouldn’t be a crowd out type of a type of a factor at all, in my opinion.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. And then just on the equity common scale, I just want to get a little bit of a better sense on timing and the trigger. Is it like, would it be Microsoft related spending? Because I have to imagine if the facilities at whatever 2025, 2026 facility the generation needs to be before that – transmission and distribution needs would be before that. So what’s the trigger for incremental equity? Is it Microsoft or is there other things we should be thinking about?
Gale Klappa: I think it’s both. I mean, certainly if we need to add significant capacity to support Microsoft’s operation here, but there are other things going on. The other economic developments that have occurred, for example, I mean we talk a lot about Haribo, but they are now up and running and they’ve told us they will produce 132 million pounds of gummy bears in the next 12 month period. So there’s a good bit of economic activity going on. So if you think about transmission, and we’re going to start to see in the next five-year plan the impact of tranche one from the MISO planning process, so I think we’re going to see an uptick in transmission investments. I think we’re going to see clearly some additional capacity need. We need to continue to harden our distribution networks. There are a lot of moving pieces and all of them moving in a direction of a stronger capital budget. And as Scott and I have talked about stronger for longer in terms of our continuing growth projections.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. I guess, we’ll wait for – it should be an interesting update. And for the record, Gale, I did not crash any Porsches. Thanks guys.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll, Shar.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Durgesh. How you doing?
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good afternoon, Gale. I’m doing just fine, thanks for asking. Just – Xia, sorry if I missed it, but what drove the $0.08 variance versus guidance? Like what were the kind of the tailwinds you had, which then drove the beat versus your guidance in the quarter?
Gale Klappa: Xia told me it was superior management, but she probably has a more granular answer.
Xia Liu: It was – it’s a little better fuel and quite a bit better O&M. And weather was actually slightly negative compared to normal, but it’s better fuel, better O&M and a couple of other items.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So I guess in terms of the guidance for back half of the year, I’m just thinking about like how are you positioned versus your guidance there. I mean, is better O&M versus your plan, correct?
Xia Liu: Yes. We see quite a bit of O&M tailwind coming in, in the fourth quarter, so we’ll expect to see O&M to be much better than Q4 last year. We expect fuel to be better and additional PTCs and other items, but quite a bit of O&M and fuel tailwind in the fourth quarter.
Gale Klappa: And Durgesh, just to add on to what Xia is saying, if you recall, there were a number of very significant items in Q4 last year that will not repeat in Q4 this year. So there’s a very major difference as we compare the comps for Q4 of 2022 and what we expect to happen in Q4 of this year.
Xia Liu: And remember, we guided 2% to 3% higher on day-to-day O&M this year compared to last year. So you see some quarter-to-quarter variances, but for the year we still expect that to be 2% to 3% higher than last year.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks for all that additional color. Maybe just – Xia, just – I know we recently talked about transferability and the implications to FFO and there was a lot of discussion amongst your peers on how that needs to be – how that should be treated. Maybe just any additional color or thoughts there or progress you’re making with other stakeholders on how are you going to treat the transferability as cash flow?
Gale Klappa: We’ll ask Xia to give you the detail on this, but I would say one very important point to kind of kick off the answer is that our entire industry is really aligned around what we believe is the proper treatment of these ongoing transfers that will happen across the industry, the ongoing sale of production tax credits. And that alignment across the industry has really resulted in I think, Xia, a very thorough and very solid white paper.
Xia Liu: Yes. We – I developed a very comprehensive white paper. Really outlined the views from FASB from the big four accounting firms, from the – over, like Gale said, the industry. So they shared the white paper with the rating agencies and all that is to say, I think everybody is aligned in terms of we plan to follow GAAP and the transferability will go through income tax provision on income statement, therefore, would be picked up as FFO. So we are looking forward to continuing to work with the rating agencies on this issue. I will say, though, is we would not issue equity just to address that transferability item. So that's something we'll continue to work with rating agencies.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thanks. So it sounds like discussion is underway there. I appreciate that color as well. Thank you, guys.
Gale Klappa: Take care, Durgesh.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Good afternoon, Gale, Xia and Scott, No dogs, no Porsches, but plenty of gummy bears here. Just maybe two housekeeping items I had on the PDF Page 12 of your release. Just curious if you could give us some more color. The decline in large commercial industrial sales, and maybe I have the wrong view, I typically view them as maybe like weather agnostic, but yet they've come in 3%. Just thoughts on that?
Gale Klappa: Yes. A couple of thoughts, and we'll ask Xia to give you some chapter and verse on some specifics. But two things that as we've looked at the data, and again, we have a very granular breakdown of the major industrial sectors that we serve. So let me first say, most people, just as you mentioned, Anthony, look at large commercial and industrial as fairly weather insensitive. Fairly, as you said, fairly weather agnostic. I will say, though, and you've heard me say this a gazillion times, the weather normalization is more – it's more precise and accurate. And as we look at kind of backdrop of the economy in Wisconsin, as we look at the jobs that have been added and as we kind of look at the industrial sectors, I would describe the industrial economy in Wisconsin for the first half of 2023 is really fairly flat. There were a couple of major customers who had outages, planned outages, et cetera, that affected the numbers. But the 3% seems, on a weather-normal basis, seems a little draconian to me. I think Scott and I and Xia have already worked through this, and we kind of look at it as kind of first half flat. But having said that, the most recent data is pretty encouraging. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes. Just to put it in perspective, in Q1, we saw a minus 3.9% quarter-over-quarter. Q2, that number became better to minus 3.1%, like you pointed out, Anthony. I think if you look at Q2 by month, June was fairly close to the forecast. If you look at the last four weeks compared to the last 13 weeks or even the prior four weeks, we're seeing lots of green. Actually, everything was picking up. So we are very cautiously optimistic that the large C&I will come back in the second half of the year, so nothing to worry too much about. And I would just say that on residential, it's pretty flat year-over-year, and – but it's fairly better than prior to COVID and that's the sticky point on the residential usage. Small C&I, actually year-to-date, is on par with last year. So those are higher margin segments.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly, you've been very clear on what would cause you to issue more equity. Xia, you had said it's not so much to – if it was to – I don't want to say, put the words in your mouth, but like the credit agency, it's more for growth. Is it fair to say that if you got to the point where there was more growth that had to be financed that you would finance that – a cap structure that's probably equal to what you have at the regulated utilities? Or is there an opportunity that you would look to over-equitize, I guess the term some are using, if you had the additional to get some growth going on?
Xia Liu: I think the first and foremost is we're still developing the capital plan. So the numbers are – we're still developing it. But like Gale said in his prepared remarks, if growth, capital growth is significantly higher, we wouldn't mind turning on the employee benefit plans, the dribble plans and rely on maybe ATM, but we don't see any block sales at this point, number one. Number two, we are very confident in our long-term EPS growth forecast. We don't expect any equity sales to dilute the long-term EPS growth. And I'll also say that we're very mindful about the rating agencies and we want to work with them, but the equity would be to support growth.
Gale Klappa: And a very good description that Xia just made. I will say, she also mentioned and I would just reiterate, for the one item on FFO to debt that might affect our rating at one particular agency, we wouldn't issue equity simply to chase that particular item.
Xia Liu: That's the transferability. That's transferability. Yes.
Anthony Crowdell: Great, thanks for the clarity. And again, congrats on a great quarter.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. Good to see you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll, Michael. How you doing?
Michael Sullivan: Hey, Gale. I’m doing great. Thanks. Wanted to just circle back to the Microsoft, and just what you're seeing in terms of long-term sales growth potential there? And then maybe if you could just compare and contrast what this looks like relative to – there was a lot of excitement around the Foxconn build out a couple of years ago. I know different companies, different situations. But just in terms of how you think about that from a planning standpoint, with another big name company coming to your service territory?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question, Michael. Let me just phrase it this way. I think we will certainly know by the fall and certainly in time for our new five-year capital plan, what the next – what the time period between now and say, 2030 will look like in terms of Microsoft's capacity and energy needs. I mean they are – I mentioned in my prepared remarks, they are full speed ahead. I mean they purchased the 315 acres in a very short period of time in that technology park, earthwork has already begun, they are still refining their plans. But everything we're hearing from Microsoft would indicate that they're planning a very major investment here, and they need to do it in a relatively short time frame. So there's really no question in our minds about how strong the intention and how strong the momentum is from the Microsoft development. As it relates to Foxconn, well, back in 2017, they announced a long-term, very, very significant plan. They were talking about 10,000 jobs over 10 to 12 years or 10 to 13 years. They were talking about $10 billion of investment. At this stage of the game, Foxconn, which is working in Area 1 of that park, Foxconn has invested over $1 billion and has over 1,000 employees. So while they have been slower to ramp up and their business plan has changed almost completely from the original thinking, they are still growing in that area. But Microsoft, I think they're really not talking at the moment about a long-term 10 to 15 year plan like Foxconn was. They're talking about, at least at the beginning here, they've called it an initial investment that they really want to get moving on, and that would affect our next five-year capital plan. Does that respond to your question, Michael?
Michael Sullivan: Yes. Super helpful. And just as a follow-on, I think someone asked earlier or there's been a couple of questions around new capacity needs and new generation that you might have to build. And given the quick turnaround time, is further delaying any currently planned retirements contemplated at all if things were looking kind of tight from a time frame perspective?
Gale Klappa: Well, that's a great question, and we're looking at all of that. I'll let Scott give you his view on that.
Scott Lauber: So we're going – it's a great question. We're going through the planning process right now. We're evaluating what our capacity needs are. And you know MISO has changed is capacity needs over the seasonal approach too, which will also affect our capital plans as we look at it this fall. So right now, nothing to announce. We're just going through the analysis.
Gale Klappa: Scott has made a really good point that we shouldn't gloss over though, and that is as MISO has looked at its responsibility to ensure reliability, they really are changing their capacity rules that all of us need to abide by. And it will have a – we believe it will have a particular effect on our winter capacity reserves. That's all being factored into our new five-year capital plan.
Michael Sullivan: Got it. Okay. Very helpful. Thanks. Thanks a lot.
Gale Klappa: Take care, Michael.
Operator: With that, I will turn the call back over to Gale Klappa for any closing remarks.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Well, that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for being with us. If you have any additional questions, feel free to call Beth Straka. She can be reached most days, no, everyday at (414) 221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Take care.
Operator: That will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-01 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group’s Conference Call for First Quarter 2023 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. The replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it’s my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much. Live from the Heartland. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As we review our results for our first quarter of 2023. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team, who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported first quarter 2023 earnings of $1.61 a share. Weather was a major factor in our lower results for the quarter. We saw one of the mildest winters in the history of the upper Midwest. For example, it was the second warmest first quarter in Milwaukee since 1891. However, we're confident in our plan for the remainder of the year and we're reaffirming our guidance for 2023. As a reminder, we're guiding to a range of $4.58 to $4.62 a share for the full-year. This assumes normal weather going forward. And as always, we remain focused on the fundamentals of our business, financial discipline, operating efficiency and customer satisfaction. Switching gears now, the work on our ESG progress plan continues at a steady pace. It's the largest five-year investment plan in our history totaling $20.1 billion for efficiency, sustainability and growth. The plan is based on projects that are low-risk and highly executable. And as we look to the future, it's clear that the megatrend of decarbonization and the need for even greater reliability will drive investment plans that are lost and strong. Scott will provide you with more detail on several specific projects in a moment, but I'm pleased to report that just since last December, the Wisconsin Commission has approved more than $1 billion of new capital investment by our companies. As we've discussed, we project that our ESG progress plan will drive compound earnings growth of 6.5% to 7% a year from 2023 through 2027 and we fully expect to fund our capital plan without any need for new equity. Now let's take a brief look at the regional economy. We have good news from the latest data in Wisconsin. In March, the unemployment rate came in at 2.5%, that's a record low for the state and well below the national average. And we continue to see major developments in the area. Just a few weeks ago, in fact, Microsoft announced that it plans to create a new data center campus in our region with an initial investment of $1 billion. This data center complex will be built South of Milwaukee in the technology park that is also being developed by Foxconn. Microsoft will purchase a 315 acre parcel in area three of the park. Local approvals have been received and we expect Microsoft to close on the land purchase on or before the 31st of July. In the meantime, Microsoft is moving full speed ahead with planning and design work. The decision by Microsoft underscores the strength and the potential of the Wisconsin economy and positions us very well for more growth in the technology sector. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more information on our regulatory developments, our operations and our infrastructure segment. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start with a few updates on the regulatory front. New rates have been in effect for our Wisconsin utilities since the start of the year. As expected, we're planning to file a limited re-opener for 2024 later this quarter. The filing will address the recovery of capital investments for projects going into service this year and in 2024. The return on equity and the equity layer are all set and are not up for consideration. The request will be quite modest and we expect a decision from the commission by the end of this year. And as you recall, we have rate filings under review in Illinois for Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas. The next step will be for the commissioned staff and interveners to file their direct testimony on May 9, hearings are scheduled for early August. After nine years without a rate case at People's Gas, we're making these requests for 2024 to support our investment in key infrastructure. And with lower natural gas prices, we project customer bills will be flat with 2022. We also have rate reviews and progress at Minnesota Energy Resources and Michigan Gas Utilities. We filed in Minnesota last November and interim rates went into effect January 1. I'm pleased to announce that we received a settlement with parties that would result at a 7.1% increase in base rates, that's based on a 9.65% return on equity with an equity layer of 53%. This settlement is subject to commission approval, which we expect in the next several months. And in March, we filed for a base rate increase of 9.1% at Michigan Gas Utilities for 2024. This application is primarily driven by our capital investments supporting safety and reliability. Meanwhile, we're making good progress on a number of regulatory capital projects. Red Barn Wind Park went to service last month the project is providing 82 megawatts of clean energy capacity to our Wisconsin customers. And as Gale noted, we received three significant approvals for the Wisconsin Commission since last December. For the Darien Solar-Battery Park, West Riverside Energy Center and Koshkonong Solar Battery Park. We discussed the Darien approval last quarter and as you recall, the Solar Park is planned to go in service in 2024. West Riverside is a combined cycle natural gas plant owned by Alliant Energy. In February, we received approval for our purchase of 100 megawatts of Riverside capacity for approximately $102 million. We expect to close this purchase by the end of the month. We have an option to purchase another 100 megawatts of Riverside capacity, and we have planned to exercise that option later this year. We also received approval for our purchase of Koshkonong Solar Battery Park. With plans for 300 megawatts of solar capacity and 165 megawatts of battery storage, we will own 90% of the project with an expected investment of $585 million. We project the solar portion of this facility to go into service in 2025. We also continue on the Badger Hollow 2 solar facility and the Paris Solar Battery Park. While Badger Hollow has received some of the solar panels, the remaining panels for projects are currently in Chicago going through the customs process. Assuming timely release of the panels, we expect these solar parks to go into service late this year or early next year. For the Paris and Koshkonong projects, we're evaluating the timing of the battery investments. Of course, we'll keep you updated on any future developments. Outside of utilities, we continue to make progress on zero carbon projects in our WEC infrastructure segment. In February, we completed our acquisition of a Sapphire Sky Wind farm, now in service in Illinois. As a reminder, that project offers 250 megawatts of capacity in total, and we own a 90% share. Also in February, we added an 80% ownership in the Samson 1 solar project located in Northeast Texas. The project has a capacity of 250 megawatts. As disclosed previously, Samson 1 suffered storm damage at the beginning of March, but we expect no significant bottom-line impact for the property losses. The project is currently producing energy at about 70% level and improving every day as we continue to restore the site. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Now as you may recall, our Board of Directors at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7.2%. This marks the 20th consecutive year that our company will reward shareholders with higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're right in the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Next up, Xia will provide you with more details on our financial results and our second quarter guidance. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thank you, Gale. Our 2023 first quarter earnings of $1.61 per share decreased $0.18 per share, compared to the first quarter of 2022. Our earnings package includes a comparison of first quarter results on page 12. I'll walk-through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, our earnings were $0.09 lower, compared to the first quarter of ‘22. Rate based growth contributed $0.22 to earnings, driven by continued investment in our ESG progress plan. This includes the base rate increase for our Wisconsin utilities, as well as the interim rate increase for Minnesota Energy Resources, both of which were effective January 1, 2023. This favorable margin impact from rate base growth was more than offset by a number of factors. First, as Gale noted, we experienced one of the mildest winters in history, which drove a $0.12 decrease in earnings, compared to the first quarter of last year. Additionally, timing of fuel expense, depreciation and amortization interest, day-to-day O&M, taxes and other, drove a combined $0.19 negative variance. Before I turn to earnings at the other segments, let me briefly discuss our weather normalized sales. You can find our sales information on page nine of the earnings package. I'd like to remind you that weather normalization is not a perfect sign. Extreme warm weather in the first quarter may not be fully reflected in our weather normalized data. Having said that, weather normal retail natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding natural gas used for power generation, were down 1%. However, residential usage, again on a weather normal basis grew 0.9%. That was ahead of our forecast. Weather normal retail electric deliveries, excluding the iron ore mine were 1.9% lower. Residential usage was relatively flat, compared to last year. Now at our Energy Infrastructure segment, earnings were $0.01 lower in the first quarter of ’23, compared to the first quarter of ’22. Production tax credits were higher by $0.03 quarter-over-quarter, resulting from acquisitions of renewable generation projects. This increase was largely offset by a pickup that we recorded in the first quarter last year from the resolution of market settlements in the Southwest Power Pool. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our corporate and other segment decreased $0.08, primarily driven by an increase in interest expense and a pickup recorded in the first quarter ‘22 from our investment in the clean energy fund. These items were partially offset by favorable rabbi trust performance and some tax and other items. Remember, rabbi trust performance is largely offset in O&M. Looking now at the cash flow statement on page six of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities decreased $281 million. The mild winter and timing of recovery of commodity costs contributed to this decrease. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $1.3 billion in the first quarter of ‘23, an $884 million increase from the first quarter of ‘22. This was primarily driven by the acquisition of the Whitewater Natural Gas Power Generation facility in our Wisconsin segment, as well as the Sapphire Sky Wind farm and Samson 1 solar facility in our infrastructure segment. In closing, as Gale mentioned earlier, we're reaffirming our 2023 earnings guidance of $4.58 to $4.62 per share assuming normal weather for the rest of the year. To offset the mild first quarter weather impact, we're implementing a variety of initiatives. As a result, we now expect our day-to-day O&M to be 2% to 3% higher than 2022 versus our previous expectation of 3% to 5% higher. I will also add that largely due to timing of O&M and fuel expense, we expect earnings in the second-half of this year to be materially better than the second-half of 2022. For the second quarter, we're expecting a range of $0.83 to $0.85 per share. This accounts for April weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.91 per share in the second quarter last year. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you. Overall, we're on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Now we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please, go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Shar. Are you still using those pillowcases?
Shar Pourreza: Yes. But they don't match the rest of the house though, that's the issue. How are you doing?
Gale Klappa: We're fine. How about you?
Shar Pourreza: Good, not too bad, not too bad. So, Gale, a quick one here. So, like half a dozen utilities have issued these like hybrid convertible notes at pretty attractive rates. I think in some cases, it's like 200 basis points of interest rate savings. There's obviously no equity credit there. So, you've seen it even being utilized by some peers that don't need equity. I just want to get your sense from you [Indiscernible] like whether you see -- I guess, any value with these hybrid securities to help fund the five-year plan. Does it make sense? I mean, obviously, we're waiting for your cue to be released to see if there's any kind of language around it, but…
Gale Klappa: Yes. A good question, Shar. And clearly, there are a number of companies in the sector even too today announced that have announced the use of this cash pay convert product. We've taken a good hard look at it and let me just say this, if we found -- as we go through the course of the remainder of 2023, if we found that it was really advantageous for us, we would certainly take a hard look. But we're more than halfway, Shar, through our debt issuance plan for 2023 and doing very well against our budget. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes, not much to add, we're very aware of the transactions. We understand the pros and cons. And at this time, we really have not made any decision as whether cash pay convertible notes fit those -- fit our criteria. But we've done quite a bit financing so far and we've done really well, better than planned rate, so…
Shar Pourreza: And then just Xia, I don't want to front-run the queue, but is there -- will there be any language around looking at hybrids potentially as an option to fund the plan or not?
Gale Klappa: Shar, are you talking about hybrids or are you talking about the cash pay converts or both?
Shar Pourreza: These cash pay converts or hybrids or whatever you want to call them at this point?
Gale Klappa: I don't think there's any language that we're planning in the queue of the…
Xia Liu: No, we haven't planned that at this point.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. I appreciate that. And then just lastly on Illinois, obviously, the cases were filed in January. It's not a lot of data points since then, but gas prices have actually have come off, which I think hopefully will help the case, it’s a tailwind. Any thoughts, I guess, Gale, at this point on potentially settling how has the dialog been going? Is there anything we should be thinking about?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Way, way too early to even think about or contemplate settlement in the process in Illinois. The process was going along very smoothly. I think the next steps, as Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks, the next step will be staff and intervenor testimony on May 9. But so far, we're responding to data requests. The process in Illinois is going exactly as historically they've gone. And to your point about commodity costs moving in our favor, they moved even more in our favor since we filed the case. But long story short, even with the base increase that we're seeking, you combine that with much lower commodity costs, and we expect customer bills to be flat even granting a full base rate increase for 2024 -- for bills in 2024. So, again, we think that's very good news. And when you look at just the basic facts of what we're -- what we filed, this will be, as you may recall, the first base rate increase for Peoples Gas since we acquired the company, first base rate increase actually in nine years. And our O&M is about $60 million a year lower than when we actually acquired the company in 2015. So, a pretty good story.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Terrific, guys. Thanks. Congrats and a great execution so far. Appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please, go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. How are you doing? Gale, no dog yet, but we'll be able to -- we're in the mix.
Gale Klappa: You stole my question. No dog yet, okay.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Trying to free up some air, you know. Lies to you. Listen, let me follow-up where Shar was going with that. So, with respect to the Peoples case here, I'm just talking a little bit about the future of gas, but also just the CapEx and just some of the scrutiny on bill pressures. How do you think about moderating bills? I mean, obviously gas has rolled over. Any mitigating items, circumstances that we should be thinking about on that front? And then separately, how do you think in response to some of the -- it has been some OpEx out there, et cetera., any thoughts as to how you tackle, sort of, the longer-term versus the here-and-now of investing without the QIP in place in the traditional sense?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Good question, Julien. And let me know, I want to help you name the dog. So, let me know. On the QIP program and the investment in the safety modernization program, the pipe upgrade program that we've been carrying out in Chicago. Let me first say that we really welcome the public debate and the policy decision that the Illinois Commerce Commission will make about the future of the program. And just to put it in perspective, on average, we've invested about $280 million a year in upgrading the pipe network under the City of Chicago, which is, by the way, one of the oldest, and now, most deteriorated natural gas delivery networks in the country. So, long story short, we're almost 36% complete with the pipe upgrade plan, and again, investing about $280 million a year. Now, those who think we should do something different are banking on electrification. So, the bets you would have to make to not in some form continue the program is that Chicago can completely electrify in less than 15-years, because the independent study that the Illinois Commerce Commission has ordered and accepted, independent engineering study shows that more than 80% of the iron pipes in our delivery network under Chicago have a useful life left of 15-years. And then lastly -- or, 15 years or less. And then lastly, there are some who say, well, just patch the pipes. Julien, I'm telling you some of those pipes can't be patched. And when you look at the continued O&M that would be required to patch after patch after patch, it would not, in our estimation, save customers any money. So, we think there is overwhelming evidence here to continue the program. We would do so under our proposal as an annual base rate increase, if you will, to cover the cost of what we think is a very important program for both the immediate safety of Chicago, and then secondly, to preserve a long-term future where that delivery network could deliver, say, hydrogen or other no-carbon fuels to keep Chicago warm. So, I hope that response helps.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely does. Thank you, Gale. I appreciate it. I will give you naming rights indeed. If I can, though -- you bet you. With respect to the process, I want to come back to this super quickly. We've got a new ICC in place, et cetera., I mean, to the extent to which that you're looking for direction here, I mean, this rate case should be the right venue to think about the pace and the sort of the new vision on where things are going, right? There's not some other avenue, I'm just trying to think through the -- how the ICC wants to articulate a response to your proposed spending, if you will? It will [Technical Difficulty]
Gale Klappa: Well, there are extensive, as you would expect, and we wanted to have this kind of dialog. We welcome this kind of dialog. But there are multiple data requests as there are in any rate review, but particularly there are data requests about the program, about the need for the program, about the future of the program, et cetera. So, I agree with you. I think this is the proper forum to have that policy decision made. And everything is proceeding under the normal schedule, if you will, of data requests. And now, as we said earlier, the next formal step would be May 9 when we expect the staff and intervenor testimony.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Yes, thank you for color. [Technical Difficulty] and we’ll look next week, right? You take care. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thanks, Julien. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan Chase. Please, go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Jeremy, are you moving to Republic Bank or, you know…
Jeremy Tonet: Nothing to say there.
Gale Klappa: There you go.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to kind of come back, I guess, to the weather impacts as you -- as happened in the quarter and the offsets there. Should we think about this as just kind of O&M being the main tool to -- for offset over the balance of the year? And just wondering if you could quantify or give any more color there and how that might shape up across the year. I think you said in the back half, it kind of lightens up a bit. So, any more color there could be helpful.
Gale Klappa: Yes. We'd be happy to do that and will ask Xia to give you some specifics. Let me frame a couple of things for you. First of all, we've got a pretty experienced management team, we've been down this road before. So, we have a pretty well tested playbook, and the playbook has been implemented. There are O&M initiatives in every group of the company, every department, every section. They have plans and they have goals. So, a big part of it obviously is related to day-to-day operation and maintenance costs. Another big positive for us, again, compared to our budget and our forecast is really the interest cost savings that we're seeing. And then I'm going to ask Xia and Scott to kind of briefly walk you through the difference that we see in Q3 and Q4 of this year, compared to Q3 and Q4 of last year when we were deep into our sharing bands with customers. So, Xia, why don't we start off with you, and some specifics? And then we'll let -- we'll ask Scott to talk about the sharing bands that really impacted Q3 and Q4 last year.
Xia Liu: Sure. So, Q1 weather was about $0.12 deficit as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. So, we've identified O&M reduction target that can offset $0.04, $0.05, $0.06 of that. We also built some conservative financing assumptions in the plan. So, in terms of issuing debt at rates lower than the plan or continued execution later this year, we expect the financing savings to be $0.05 to $0.06 also. So, between those two items, we could offset the Q1 weather deficit. But we also have other initiatives we're looking at beyond those two items.
Scott Lauber: Sure. And then when you think about the last half of the year, you have to remember the last several years we've been very fortunate to be in -- actual be into a sharing band where we're sharing with customers. I think last year, we were able to reduce our fuel request about $54 million. So, that's quite a bit when you think about charges in the last half of the year. And last half, remember, we had warmer-than-normal weather, so we were able to accelerate or do some additional spending for our customers. So, we incurred additional O&M costs plus the sharing band. So, that was meaningful for the last half of the year, compared to we see this year coming -- shaping up.
Gale Klappa: And to Scott's point, we obviously don't see ourselves into the sharing bands with customers this year. So, I think in terms of basically $54 million of costs that won't reappear in the third and fourth quarter of 2023, compared to the second-half of 2022.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. Thanks. And just shifting a bit to solar. And I know that you touched on this a bit in the prepared remarks as it relates to the solar supply chain. But just wondering, I guess, thoughts on ongoing congressional efforts to revoke the President's two years solar tariff suspension and just wondering if you have any thoughts you could share there or just on the supply chain in general?
Gale Klappa: Well, my understanding is that President Biden said he would veto any effort to undo that particular initiative. So, I'm not sure that one's going anywhere, but in the meantime, as Scott indicated in his prepared remarks, for our Badger Hollow II solar project in Wisconsin for our regulated utility, and for our Paris Solar Battery project, again, for our Wisconsin utilities, Scott, we got all the solar panels we need hanging in warehouse in Chicago?
Scott Lauber: They're in the warehouse in Chicago, we're just working with customs to get them out of that warehouse. And of course, for the future projects, we're looking at other alternatives including U.S. potential options available in the future to source those future projects that the commission has approved.
Gale Klappa: Jeremy, Scott and I went down to that warehouse one night, but the Doberman wouldn't let us in. So, we know all of those panels are there.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one last quick one if I could, as it relates to transmission and future MISO tranches maybe, kind of, taking shape in the not-too-distant future here. Just wondering if you had any updated thoughts on permitting, reform or what the MISO outlook could mean for WEC down the road?
Gale Klappa: Don't see much of any progress on permitting reform at this stage of the game. But again, as MISO works its way through all of the stakeholder process, on Tranche 2 Phase 1, the early indications are quite favorable in terms of the investment opportunity being even greater than what we saw in basically Tranche 1. And then in addition to that, I mentioned the major economic development project that was just announced with Microsoft, any particular upside on transmission or generation needs related to that Microsoft project would be incremental to the plan and not in the current plan. And I'm guessing, there may be some additional transmission need coming out of that project. Scott?
Scott Lauber: No, that's correct, Gale. And also a reminder, Tranche 1 was using a lot of existing right of ways. So we're very happy using existing right of ways to be able to get that construction started in earlier time frame, in that ‘25, ‘26 time frame.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Jeremy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Please, go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, Gale. How are you?
Gale Klappa: We're good. How about you?
Michael Sullivan: Okay, yes. No, doing great. Maybe just back to the O&M. So, understand, it was going to tick up a little bit this year. Now you're kind of pulling that back to help offset the weather. As we think beyond 2023, how should we think about the trajectory? I know you have a track record of bringing it down, and this year was kind of the first time in a while it was set to the step up?
Gale Klappa: Yes. I think when you look at the near-term future past 2023, we're going to be seeing another chunk of O&M reduction related to the planned retirements. And just as a reminder, we have four older units at are Oak Creek site, Units 5, 6, 7, and 8. And Units 5 and 6 are scheduled for retirement next year, and then Units 7 and 8 in 2025. And along with that, the retirement, will come a substantial chunk of O&M reduction. Scott?
Scott Lauber: No, you're exactly right. As we put on those retirements, O&M will go down. But remember, the driver for the O&M increases this year was -- as we put in new plants into the system. We added a lot of capital over this last year and to run those new plants including the new rice units that we're putting in service and also the plants and the wacky infrastructure, all that's additional O&M. So, really supporting capital investments.
Gale Klappa: And one other thought adding on to what Scott is saying, there's another benefit to the investments that we're making that are coming online, particularly, the solar investments that we're in the final stages of completion. Those investments, when they're online and producing energy, actually replace fuel costs. So, in addition to O&M chunks of savings coming forward here from the retirement of older coal-fired units, we're also going to see reductions in fuel costs, simply because obviously with solar and wind, the fuel is free.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate the detail. And just related to that, to the extent that we see any shifting in timing of the solar with supply chain issues and the panels and the warehouse and all that, how do you kind of react to that? Is the risk that -- are you tying that to the coal shutdown retirement in terms of just earning on those assets and rate base, or are there other things you have to move around? Just what are kind of the other implications across the business to the extent that your solar projects get pushed down a little bit?
Gale Klappa: Well, to answer the second part of your question on retirements of the four older coal-fired units, we don't see any change in that schedule. That, I believe, will continue to be the 2024 and 2025 retirement dates for each of those two units. And then in terms of the potential further delays, again, we have to get clearance here and we've got a plan B if we can't get clearance to finish the solar projects. But remember, these are regulated projects, the commission is very, very supportive of the need for those projects. And Scott, we're earning AFUDC during the construction period.
Scott Lauber: Correct. And we're continuing to the construction, so they are site-ready when the solar panels get released. So, Paris and Badger Hollow II construction is pretty well done. And Badger Hollow II, we just need the solar panels, and Paris is moving along nicely. So, those panels are ready, it won't take long to pop them up.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks a lot.
Gale Klappa: Take care, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please, go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Wow. You've got the Jersey number eight on, Durgesh?
Durgesh Chopra: I don't know about that, Gale.
Gale Klappa: I know. I know. Still die-hard Eagle fan, right?
Durgesh Chopra: It still hurts, it still hurts.
Gale Klappa: I'm sorry.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. We'll be back the next year. So, just, Gale, I wanted to go back to the reopener. We've had a ton discussion here as you make the filing. I think Scott mentioned in his opening remarks that it's not for ROE for equity layer. Maybe can you just talk about the projects that you will be filing for. Am I right in thinking about that these projects are already approved, so you're not necessarily seeking for prudency of those projects? And then to the extent that you can sort of help us frame what CapEx are we looking at, as you file -- as you make these filings in the quarter?
Gale Klappa: Sure. I will ask Scott to help out as well. So, you are correct. This limited reopener, as defined in the rate order, does not -- I mean, the ROE and the equity layer are set and they're not up for reconsideration. There's roughly -- and yes, you are correct, all of the projects that we will be filing for recovery in this limited reopener have already been approved by the commission. So, that is absolutely correct. And Scott, it's about $1 billion of capital that will be coming in, if I recall correctly, into that reopener?
Scott Lauber: Yes. It's approximately that, I don't have the exact number at my fingertips. But when you think about the reopener, it's projects like we talked about Riverside was approved now that $102 million we'll put that into the reopener. The Western rice units, those are going to be in for a full-year, so that'll be part of the reopener. So, some of these are full-year, some of these are actually part of the year capital projects.
Gale Klappa: And LNG, one of our LNG projects.
Scott Lauber: Yes. The LNG projects. So, it's really across electric and gas, just truing up with the capital additions.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thanks, Scott. And then you've previously talked about O&M savings to be included as part of that request. Is that also part of this limited reopener filing or could be a part of the limited reopener filing?
Scott Lauber: Sure. The real -- the O&M piece is really the retirement for that Oak Creek 5 and 6, those older Oak Creek units. Remember last year, we filed a case and then we extended them. And now what we're doing is closing those units at the end of May here of 2024. So, that'll be the O&M reduction that we put in the actual order for us to factor that into the case.
Gale Klappa: And, Durgesh, the largest O&M reduction -- Scott is exactly right. The largest O&M reduction from the closure of the Oak Creek units really will come when all four units are retired, because we won't be retiring the environmental control operation at that site for those older units until all for are offline.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's super-helpful, guys. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Take care, Durgesh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Please, go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. First question on timing of fuel cost. I know that's minus $0.07 in the 1Q waterfall. What's your expectation for the full-year based on current curves? Do you expect that to fully reverse? And if so, when?
Xia Liu: Andrew, this is Xia. We -- that's purely timing. We expect that to recover in the second quarter and throughout the third and fourth quarter. Remember that last year, like Gale mentioned, we booked quite a bit of fuel expense, because of the sharing band and we don't expect that to happen. So, we see a pickup in fuel in in terms of impact on earnings.
Gale Klappa: So, purely timing. We'll see a second half turnaround.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Thanks. And then on usage. Xia, if you could elaborate a little bit on the demand trends. I think you said residential gas came in better than expected adjusting for weather. But on the electric side, all customer classes were down. How much of that is just the noise around the extreme weather, or do you see any notable changes in demand trends?
Xia Liu: Yes. A lot of accepted noise around weather normalization, like I said. So, just to put it in perspective, the weather-normalized residential sales met our forecasted expectations. So, those are the higher-margin segments. And on the C&I front, we -- just a reminder, we have a very diverse mix of industries, we call provide essential services like food, paper, plastic, processing, and many of which had a really good growth in the first quarter. And we don't have exposure to lots of automobile or oil and gas industry. So, we feel really good about the industry mix. And we really haven't seen any trends of any potential recession in our service territory. So, we track about a little over 100 large customers regularly. Therefore, that contributed to almost half of the negative variance in the first quarter year-over-year. And two of those were down substantially year-over-year, because of non-economic reasons. So, one had a fire, the other had an outbreak. So, we expect those to return to normal through the rest of the year. So -- and again, weather normal noise played a role in these numbers. So, I wouldn't overreact to these numbers right now.
Gale Klappa: Yes, Andrew, just to build on what Xia is saying, when you look at the temperatures across Q1, they were basically two standard deviations away from normal. And I can just tell you, not only for our company, but for the industry as a whole, and for those of you who followed us a long time, you've heard me say this a gazillion times, I mean, the weather normalization techniques are far more precise than accurate and the further you get away from in terms of standard deviations from the norm, the less reliable the weather normalization techniques are. So, again, just as a general caveat, as Xia said, wouldn't read too much into Q1 numbers.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Just wanted to be sure. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: No, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please, go ahead.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Good afternoon, Gale.
Gale Klappa: We've got a dog to name?
Anthony Crowdell: I was thinking that warehouse Doberman. That may work for Julien.
Gale Klappa: Hey, not a bad idea. I'll take all of your input on naming the dog for Julien. But, go ahead, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: So, Andrew, Xia had just took my question on the recession and C&I sales. If I could just pivot and I think maybe some of your comments earlier on the iron piping in Chicago. I'm just curious, if we think back maybe 10-years ago or 15-years ago when we talk about nuclear generation, how we're getting rid of it, how we're getting rid of it, and then all of a sudden, we come to the realization of its importance and zero carbon, do you think we have a similar moment in gas LDC? And if we do, do you think that's going to be more dependent on its locations such as you bring up colder Midwest area that, hey, there is this recognition that if we wanted to retire it, we have to do it -- electrify within 15-years where that -- as we get closer to that, the parties realize how valuable the asset is?
Gale Klappa: Yes, that's a great question, Anthony. And I do think there will be an epiphany moment. Don't know exactly when that epiphany moment will occur, but here are a couple of thoughts. The first is if you think you can electrify completely by, let's say, 15-years from now, you then have to take the next step and say, how are we going to build the generation that would be needed to replace gas heating. And what kind of generation would that be? Well, think about when gas heating is needed the most. It's the heavy cold winter days in January and February, right? So, how much solar could you count on particularly in the Midwest in January and February? How much wind could you count on in January and February? And guess what, you end up clunking into the plan a tremendous amount of gas-fired power generation. When people start working through that equation, I think there will be quite an epiphany moment. I think that's part of it. And then the other is, as we continue to see the evolution of hydrogen hubs and as we continue to see more and more cost effectiveness from hydrogen under the IRA, I mean, some gas utilities are already beginning to blend hydrogen with natural gas. We're beginning to blend -- in fact, this summer, we will begin blending RNG, renewable natural gas, into our network. So, I think as people begin to think through past-the-bumper sticker. Yes, you're going to see an epiphany moment about how valuable having that resource will be as we transition to a low or no-carbon future. I mean, think about it another way. We have got to get this transition right to a no-carbon future. And if we sacrifice reliability on that transition, it will delay the transition for many, many, many years. So, we're back to all of the above and we're back to, I think, we will have a moment where everybody recognizes the practical approach to this and the safe approach to this.
Anthony Crowdell: Great, Gale, as always. Thanks so much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Ashar Khan with Verition. Please, go ahead.
Ashar Khan: Hi. How are you guys doing? Most of my questions have been answered. I just had a small one. Xia, why are we down quarter-over-quarter in the second quarter? Could you just help me with the variances which you expect in the second quarter?
Xia Liu: Sure, I'd be happy to. So, financing costs are expected to be higher compared to Q2 last year. So, that's a big driver. There is plus and minuses, but we do have rate base growth that's better than last year. Fuel is expected to be better than last year, but largely offset by financing costs.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Well, folks, I think that concludes -- oops, is there more? I'm sorry.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to you, Mr. Klappa, for any concluding remarks.
Gale Klappa: There we go. I jumped again. Thank you. Well, that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating as always. And if you have additional questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka, 414-221-4639. Thank you, everybody. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's meeting. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group’s Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year End ‘22 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with these statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. The replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call.  And now, it’s my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa : Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, as we review our results for calendar year 2022. First, I’d like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now, as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported full year 2022 earnings of $4.45 a share. Xia will provide you with more detail on our financial metrics in just a few minutes. But I’m pleased to report to you that we delivered an exceptional year on virtually every meaningful measure from employee safety and customer satisfaction to growth in earnings per share. Three major factors really shaped our strong results for 2022: favorable weather; solid performance from our infrastructure and transmission segments; and steady execution of our capital plan, as we paved the way for an energy future that’s affordable, reliable, and clean. On the regulatory front, as you may know, we saw balanced and credit supportive results from our Wisconsin rate reviews in December, despite a little bit of noise in the process. New rates are now in effect for all of our Wisconsin utilities. And last month, on January 6th, we filed rate requests with the Illinois Commerce Commission for our gas utilities in Illinois. I would point out that home heating bills in Chicago are currently below those of other major U.S. cities, like New York, Boston, Baltimore, and Philadelphia. And we expect that to continue with this filing. Scott will provide you with more detail in just a moment. Turning now to our ESG progress plan that we updated for you in November. It’s the largest five-year investment plan in our history, totaling $20.1 billion for efficiency, sustainability, and growth. We expect the plan to drive compound earnings growth of 6.5% to 7% a year over the period 2023 through 2027. The key part of the plan is a major commitment to renewable projects, both in our regulated business and in our infrastructure segment. In fact, earlier this week, we announced that our infrastructure group will acquire an 80% ownership interest in Phase 1 of the Samson Solar Energy Center. Located in Northeast Texas, Samson I has a capacity of 250 megawatts. It entered commercial service in May of last year and has a long-term power purchase agreement with AT&T. Pending final regulatory approval, we plan to invest approximately $250 million for our portion of Samson I. We expect to close the transaction late in the first quarter of this year. Samson I, as you may know, is the first of 5 phases being developed by Invenergy. Overall, Samson is the largest solar project under construction in the United States today, and we’re pleased to take part in Phase 1. Now, as you know, one of our goals is to help shape the future of clean energy. And today, we’re announcing an important pilot project with the Electric Power Research Institute and a company called CMBlu Energy. CMBlu is a German designer of long duration battery storage using common low-cost, environmentally-friendly materials. In simple English, it’s a green battery. This 1 to 2 megawatt hour pilot project will be one of the first of its kind on the United States electric grid. Our plan is to test the durability of this battery system. We believe it can store energy for up to twice as long as the typical batteries in use today. We plan to launch the project at our Valley Power Plant near downtown Milwaukee in the fourth quarter of this year when temperatures turn cold. The results will be shared in early 2024 across the industry. And now, let’s switch gears and take a brief look at the regional economy. Wisconsin added 52,000 private sector jobs in 2022, and in December, the unemployment rate in the state dropped to 3.2%. That’s well below the national average. We believe the current strength and remarkable diversity of the Wisconsin economy positions us well as we move forward in 2023. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott for more information on our regulatory developments, our operations, and our infrastructure segment. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. I’d like to start with some updates on the regulatory front. First, let’s review where we stand for the Wisconsin Public Service Commission’s written orders this past December. The commission authorized return on equity of 9.8% for all our Wisconsin utilities. It approved an increase in the equity component of our capital structure to 53%. We’ll also continue the earning sharing mechanism to provide benefits to Wisconsin customers if our performance exceeds our forecast. And as Gail mentioned, we now have rate filings under review in Illinois for Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas. At Peoples Gas, we are not seeking an extension of the automatic bill adjustment rider known as QIP, after it expires at the end of this year. We plan to return to the traditional rate making process to recover the cost of necessary infrastructure improvements. Our rate request would continue to support those key capital investments. Peoples Gas operates one of the oldest natural gas delivery networks in the United States. And as you may recall, an independent engineering study found that over 80% of the iron pipes in the system are approaching the end of their useful life. We are modernizing the system to ensure safety and reliability and to reduce methane emissions. With natural gas prices declining, we project customer bills will remain largely flat as the new rates take effect in 2024. You may also recall we filed a rate review at one of our smaller utilities, Minnesota Energy Resources last November. We are seeking an overall increase of 8.1%, primarily driven by capital investments. Interim rates went into effect January 1st. Meanwhile, we’re making good progress on a number of our regulatory capital projects. Our Red Barn wind development is on track to come online within the next few months in Wisconsin with an expected investment of $160 million. This project will provide about 80 megawatts of renewable energy to our system. Work continues on the Badger Hollow II solar facility and the Paris Solar Battery Park. We still expect the solar parks to go into service this year, assuming timely release of the panels. We also received regulatory approval for our purchase of the Darien Solar-Battery Park, with plans for 225 megawatts of solar capacity and 68 megawatts of battery storage. We expect this facility to go into service in 2024. Of course, we’ll keep you updated on any future developments. And just last month with an investment of approximately $75 million, we closed our purchase of the Whitewater combined cycle plant, a 236 megawatt facility. As a reminder, we previously received energy and capacity from this natural gas unit under a purchase power agreement. In the natural gas business we have been working to bring high quality renewable natural gas to our customers. We signed another contract in January, which brings us to a planned total of 1 billion cubic feet of RNG that’ll enter our system annually. We expect RNG to flow this year, supporting our aggressive goals to reduce methane emissions. Outside our utilities, we continue to make good progress on zero carbon projects in our WEC Infrastructure segment. The Thunderhead Wind Farm in Nebraska is now in service. In addition, we expect to complete the acquisition of Sapphire Sky in Illinois in the coming weeks as commercial operation begins. And as Gale noted, we’re excited about our plans to add the Samson I solar project in our infrastructure segment before the end of the first quarter. And with that, I’ll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Great, Scott. Thank you very much. We’re confident that we can deliver on our earnings guidance for 2023. As you recall, we’re guiding to a range of $4.58 to $4.62 a share. The midpoint $4.60 a share represents growth of 6.7% from the midpoint of our original guidance last year. And as we’ve discussed, we expect to fund our capital plan without any need to issue equity. And you may have seen the announcement that our Board of Directors at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7.2%. This marks the 20th consecutive year that our company will reward shareholders with higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We’re right in the middle of that range now, so you can expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Next up, Xia will provide you with more detail on our financial results and our first quarter guidance. Xia, all yours.
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Turning now to earnings. Our 2022 earnings of $4.45 per share increased $0.34 per share or 8.3% compared to 2021. Our earnings package includes a comparison of 2022 results on page 17. I’ll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, we grew our earnings by $0.19 compared to 2021. Weather drove a $0.04 increase in earnings compared to 2021. Rate base growth contributed $0.41 to earnings, and lower day-to-day O&M expense resulted in a $0.02 improvement and achieved our goal for the year. These favorable factors were partially offset by $0.12 of higher depreciation and amortization expense related to continued capital investment and a $0.12 increase in fuel expense, mainly driven by higher natural gas costs. In terms of sales, on a weather-normalized basis, retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin excluding the iron ore mines, were up 0.1%. Small commercial and industrial sales increased 0.5%, while residential and large commercial and industrial sales stayed relatively flat. Overall, our sales mix was stronger than our forecast. Our sales projections for 2023 can be found on Pages 13 and 14 of the earnings package. Overall, we are projecting relatively flat electric and gas sales year-over-year. Regarding our investment in American Transmission Company, earnings increased $0.07 compared to 2021. If you recall, $0.05 related to the resolution of historical appeals that we discussed on our third quarter earnings call. As previously discussed, beginning with the third quarter of 2022 and going forward, we are recording ATC earnings at a 10.38% return on equity. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.14 in 2022 compared to 2021. This was mainly driven by production tax credits as a result of stronger wind production and the addition of our Jayhawk wind farm that went into commercial operation at the end of 2021. In addition, recall that we recognized a $0.03 earnings contribution earlier in 2022 from the final resolution of market settlements in the Southwest Power Pool. Finally, you’ll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment decreased $0.06, primarily driven by rabbi trust performance and lower gains recognized on our investment in the clean energy fund. Remember, rabbi trust performance is largely offset in O&M. Overall, we improved on our 2021 performance by $0.34 per share. Looking now at the cash flow statement on page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $28 million. And total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $2.7 billion in 2022, a $324 million increase as compared to 2021. As you can see, we have been executing well on our capital plan. Finally, let’s look at our earnings guidance. In terms of first quarter 2023 earnings guidance, we project to earn in the range of $1.68 per share to $1.72 per share. This forecast takes into account the fourth warmest January on record since the 1880s and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. Remember, last year, we earned $1.79 per share in the first quarter, which included $0.02 of favorable weather, $0.03 from the Southwest Power Pool settlement and $0.03 from our investment in the clean energy fund. And for the full year 2023, we’re reaffirming our annual guidance of $4.58 to $4.62 per share. We’re also reaffirming our long-term earnings growth of 6.5% to 7% a year over the next five years. With that, I’ll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you. Overall, we’re on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we’re ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll. Shar, you’re ready for the West Coast?
Shar Pourreza: I am ready for the West Coast. I’m packing my bag just.
Shar Pourreza: Just two quick ones for you. Just on the transmission CapEx with ATC, which obviously just pretty healthy uptick. In the past, I know you’ve said you were seeing increases as early as 25 for Tranche 1 with LRTP and additional investments even earlier in ‘24. I guess, can you maybe talk about the cadence of this current increase as we’re thinking about the spending profile? And do you see more opportunities? Any sense on how you’re thinking about Tranche 2?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question, Shar. Let me unpack the second piece of the question first, if that’s satisfactory. On the second piece of the question really about Tranche 2, and again, just to level set everyone, MISO is going through a very thorough and rigorous long-term planning process for transmission investment in the region. They have been through and have now completed Phase 1 Tranche 1 -- I’m sorry, Future 1 Tranche 1. So now we’re into Future 1 Tranche 2. And it’s a little too early to tell you precisely what we’re seeing in the planning for Tranche 2. But I can tell you that what we’re seeing so far in the stakeholder discussions at MISO is that -- is I think a good probability that the amount of investment opportunity for American Transmission Company in Tranche 2 is potentially greater than what we’re even seeing in Tranche 1. So, we’re optimistic about that. I would expect that we will be able to give you more detail before the end of this year on kind of the broad numbers as they emerge in the planning process. And Scott, would you like to handle kind of the cadence question?
Scott Lauber: Sure. So, when you look at -- and we’ll hear the end of this year or the beginning of next year as Tranche 2, we’ll just see how fast that process goes. When you look at the projects, starting to ramp up really in ‘24 and ‘25, and that’s related to Tranche 1, but also, we saw a lot of entries here at American Transmission Company just looking at connecting renewables on the state. So, that was about half of our increase in the prior year along with Tranche 1. So, I expect we’re going to see more of that as we look forward over the next 5 to 10 years, too.
Gale Klappa: Shar, Scott is making a good point. Not only are we seeing the need for additional transmission related to these longer term projects that are part of the MISO planning but just to hook in the significant number of renewable projects being built in Wisconsin, that’s an additional uptick, if you will, in our plan from just the Wisconsin connections for many renewable projects under development here.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then, just lastly, just Gale, on the current 5-year plan. I know you guys budgeted roughly $1.9 billion in the Infrastructure segment. Obviously, you had two recent announcements with investing in sort of PTC eligible solar projects, I think, for the first time, obviously, in this segment. How are you sort of thinking about the remaining $1.1 billion of capital, I think you plan to deploy in this business? And should we expect more solar, more wind, or perhaps can you open it up to other technologies, which are obviously now PTC eligible post IRA? Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Shar, we certainly could open it up to other technologies, but the big likelihood, given what we’re seeing in the pipeline of projects that we’re doing due diligence on, the big likelihood is they will largely be solar and wind. And you’re referring to the announcement we just made a couple of days ago, the Samson 1 Solar Energy Center in North Texas. That project, we’re very pleased to be a part of. It is coming in a little earlier. I think internally, we all thought that we would probably add another solar project toward the end of 2023. So, that’s actually good news that it’s coming in a little earlier. And as I mentioned, we hope to close on that transaction final -- given final regulatory approval late in the first quarter. I hope that helps, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: It always does. And Scott always makes good points, by the way. I appreciate it, guys, and I’ll see you soon.
Gale Klappa: Sounds good. Great. Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Julien. Julien, are you and your wife buying a dog yet?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Oh, my God. Just you wait, just you wait. I’ll give you the update next quarter. Oh, my God. So, just coming back to Wisconsin really quick. Just reopen your filing, if we can talk about super quickly. Obviously, there’s been a lot of attention of late. Perhaps just at the outset, any comments and reactions of what’s transpired here and just how to think about that reopener? And then within that, just a couple of subpoints, just West Riverside, how confident are you that you’ll be able to submit data to prove the benefits for WEC are greater or at least equal to LNC? And then with respect to Oak Creek, some of the same considerations around what are the unrecovered balances of scrubbers and other plant? And do you see any specific obstacles around Oak Creek retirement and recovery on that front?
Gale Klappa: Okay. Well, let’s kind of -- I’m glad you got it all out. Let’s try to kind of walk through that, if I forget, Scott and Xia, any of the elements of the question, Scott and Xia will help remind me. But first, I think you were asking about the "limited reopener” that was part of the rate decision in December. So the limited reopener is for 2024, and it truly is a limited reopener relating to the investment cost of several projects that will be coming into service over the course of 2023. All of them regulated projects -- I think virtually all of them are really the renewable projects, Scott, that we are underway with here. So, the limited reopener is simply to reopen and put into rates recovery of the investment costs for projects that have already been approved and are under development, Scott, got by the commission.
Scott Lauber: Yes. It’ll be very specific. For example, the liquefied natural gas plants we have going on in our gas system, some of the renewable projects I talked about in the prepared remarks, and some of the new RICE units that we have going in, in Weston. So, it’s very specific projects. For instance, LNG goes in at the end of the year, we’ll just factor that in for a full year then. So, those -- that should be very straightforward as we do that filing.
Gale Klappa: Yes, exactly. There’s no reopener related to the equity layer or the ROE. This is simply related to capital investments in projects already approved. So, I hope that answers that question. And then, in terms of just the general backdrop, I think one of the things that I believe Julien you actually did an interview with the Chairperson of the Wisconsin Commission, I would just encourage everyone to listen and read through some of the additional comments that she has made related to her view of the future of regulation in Wisconsin, wanting very much to be credit supportive as the decision was of our Wisconsin utilities and wanting to maintain the reputation of the Wisconsin Commission is very professional and certainly carrying out day-to-day the concept of gradualism. So, I hope that’s helpful. And then secondly, on Riverside, we have already provided on time, all of the additional modeling data that the commission asked for in terms of modeling the impact of us exercising the Riverside option and to level set everyone. Riverside is a natural gas combined cycle plant at Alliant built. During the construction process, we agreed with Alliant that we would have two options each for 100 megawatts per option to essentially acquire at book value, those megawatts over a certain period of time. So, this particular question that you have relates to the first option. And again, the modeling data that the commission asked for is in their hands right now. And we expect sometime in the next 45, certainly no more than 60 days for the commission to take up the matter. So, I hope that responds and I hope we didn’t miss anything.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: A lot there. Just lastly, super quick. On Oak Creek, just the current unrecovered balance of scrubber and plant, just as far as getting recovery there and any obstacles in that end? That was the last one.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Great. Thank you for reminding us. The current book balance for the older Oak Creek units -- remember, there are four older Oak Creek units. They’re labeled Oak Creek 5, 6, 7 and 8. Those units went into service, I mean, literally, I think the oldest one was 1959 and the others are 1960s vintage units. So, the base plant itself, there’s almost no book value left. The major part of the book value is in the emission controls, the modern emission controls that we build and put on those units at least a decade ago now. And that is roughly about $400 million. But I would remind everyone that that’s not a subject for the limited reopener in Wisconsin in 2024, because the retirement dates have been pushed out a bit, given the tight capacity market. Scott, anything you’d like to add?
Scott Lauber: And remember, when we look at those retirements. We also -- when they do retire, when all 4 of them retire, that’s like $30 million to $35 million of reduced O&M expense along with less fuel cost. So, we’ll be looking at them. I think our current date is May of ‘24. So potentially, we’ll be analyzing it, but we’ve got to look at our capacity situation. But right now, that is the plan. So, maybe part of the limited reopener. When you look at the whole picture, it reduces O&M costs, it reduces fuel cost. And remember, we’re replacing a lot of this capacity, some of it’s with renewables and get that production tax credits there in the front end. It’s going to be very good for customers.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Scott’s right. There’s some immediate significant savings. And you think about $30 million to $35 million of O&M savings from the closure of the plant. And on top of that, you get fuel cost savings.
Operator: We’ll take the next question from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to pick up a little bit on the prior conversation there with regards to Wisconsin Commission. And are you hearing anything from the Governor or stakeholders about who the next commissioner might be if the Governor has any particular policy goals for the commission that could potentially be expressed in this next nominee?
Gale Klappa: No. In terms of any particular change of policy goals, no. The conversations we’re hearing related to the concept of what the appropriate next appointee will be, really, in my opinion and from everything we’ve heard, revolve around the major concerns that the Governor has had since he took office, which is reliability, affordability and the continued transition away from fossil fuels, but in a pace and in a manner that preserves reliability. So, nothing different in terms of our belief in the Governor’s policy objectives. And the other thing that I would say is I would be shocked if the vetting process was not already underway. We would expect some type of an appointment announcement, if you will, I would guess, in the next 60 days. The other point, I think, that’s important to remember is all the governors appointees have to be confirmed by the state Senate. And the Senate is heavily Republican. And I think all of that leads to the type of an appointment that’s really close to the center line in terms of philosophy and in terms of approach of continuing the same type of approach the commission has been noted for over the course of many decades. I hope that helps, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Yes. No, that’s helpful there. I didn’t mean -- I don’t think I said different. I was just more thinking just type of policy as far as -- we were under the impression that maybe some labor-oriented policy might be in focus here. So, I didn’t know if that was something that had come across our radar, but we can move along here.
Gale Klappa: Well, Jeremy, actually, to your point, we do know, and we’ve had conversations with the Governor’s office. As more and more renewable projects are under development, under construction inside the state of Wisconsin, we do know the Governor’s office is very interested and making sure as many of those jobs as possible are Wisconsin jobs. So, what you’re saying would not be a particular surprise. I think that’s been part of the Governor’s agenda from the very beginning.
Jeremy Tonet: Right. Right. Great. Thank you for that. And then kind of moving along and recognizing it’s earlier in the PGS rate case process, but have you received any stakeholder feedback here, particularly in how the QIP rider impacts this? And any sense from the legislature on an extension?
Gale Klappa: Well, as you probably recall, our filing position, if you will, and we announced when we filed the case on January 6th, that it would not be our intention to try to extend the QIP rider through legislation. It’s pretty clear from conversations with a number of the policymakers, including the Governor’s office in Illinois, that the preference is to return to traditional rate making procedures for all the capital investments that PGL and North Shore are making, but in particular, the capital investments that had been part of the, what we call, the QIP rider program. So, when you think about it and actually -- we’ve really talked about this a lot internally. First of all, important to point out that the Illinois regulatory process in these rate reviews utilizes a forward-looking test period. So, even with going to a traditional ratemaking process, you’re in a forward-looking test period. So, that should help in terms of eliminating regulatory lag. Number one. Number two, actually going through a rate review with all of the testimony and all of the different stakeholders being able to voice their opinions, actually, I think it’s going to be a positive thing because there’s been noise about the method of recovery of the investment as opposed to the need for the investment. What this will allow us to do -- this process over the course of 2023, this will allow us to again make the case for why the upgrade of aging, deteriorating piping systems underneath Chicago is so, so necessary for the safety and efficiency and stability of gas distribution in Chicago. So actually, we kind of look forward to the debate. And we look forward to the whole process, which Scott will take probably through close to December.
Scott Lauber: It would take most of the year. And they’re just -- currently, we’ll -- we haven’t even seen a final schedule yet. So, that will be coming out.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful.
Gale Klappa: Is that responsive, Jeremy?
Jeremy Tonet: That is very helpful. Just one last one, if I could here. Just after this latest solar investment with the Samson announcement, how does the broader market interest currently stand? Anything notable to highlight here on this transaction?
Gale Klappa: No, other than -- I mean, other than -- in this particular transaction, there’s really no construction risk because the facility went into service in May of last year. So, we really have no construction risk here whatsoever. We’ve got a year of operating data that we can base our due diligence on. And again, we’re really pleased with this particular investment. And we think it’s going to, again, add really high, high-quality project to our infrastructure portfolio.
Jeremy Tonet: And just on the ITCs, had you guys disclosed how many years you’re amortizing this over?
Gale Klappa: Well, we’re using production tax credits instead of investment tax credits, and that’s really what helps our economics here. I mean, obviously, with the Inflation Reduction Act, solar is now eligible, you can choose either ITCs or PTCs. And our choice here is clearly PTCs, which will be spread over, Scott, a 10-year period.
Scott Lauber: 10-year period. And adding that second solar farm in our portfolio really adds diversity to portfolio, too. So, really happy to adding that second solar.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Michael.
Michael Sullivan: Hey Gale, how are you?
Gale Klappa: We’re good. You’re keeping Steve straight?
Michael Sullivan: All good. We’re going to steal Aaron Rodgers from, too.
Gale Klappa: He looks good in green, I believe.
Michael Sullivan: Yes, actually. Anyways, I wanted to start with just the credit metrics. I think you all used to give a reconciliation of FFO to debt with year-end earnings. Do you have that off the top of your head? Are you able to give where that ended up shaking out for the year?
Gale Klappa: Sure. We’ll ask Xia to give you a response to that.
Xia Liu: Michael, we disclosed the longer-term credit metrics and -- but we have all the actual data, and we’ll be happy to provide that to you. I think it’s all public information.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then I just wanted to check on the solar build out. Scott, I think you said like assuming release of panels, which has kind of been like a little bit of a moving target? Just any updated color there on where things stand with where the panels are and being able to get them?
Scott Lauber: Yes. So, we’ve been able to get them in the U.S. We’ve been able to get them in the warehouse. In fact, about 40% of the panels we need to complete Badger Hollow 2 in Paris are in Chicago warehouse, and another 30% of the panels are about in the U.S. So we have the panels. We’re just working to get them through the paperwork to get through the Border Patrol. We’re starting to see a few panels, not ours, but a few panels get through the Border Patrol, so we’re optimistic. But we have them in the States, and we just need to get them released yet. So, we think all the paperwork is good. We’ve gone back and worked with our suppliers and worked with our developers to get everything lined up. It’s just a matter of getting it through the final Border Patrol. But, we’re already -- the sites serve -- the one site is ready, and we have a lot of the panels right here, just a few -- 100 miles away to be able to put them on. We just got to get them out.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And then, last...
Gale Klappa: They’re in a hermetically sealed warehouse in Chicago.
Michael Sullivan: Got it. Okay. And then last one, just flipping to the Samson acquisition, I know like none of these projects are exactly alike. But just on like a $1 per KW basis, this actually was one of like the cheaper deals that you’ve done. Is that just a function of location, current environment, anything like nuance there that we should be thinking about?
Gale Klappa: No. I think when you look at the appropriate purchase price, one of the big factors is the particular elements of the offtake agreement or the purchase power agreement, in this case with AT&T. So, that was a heavy determinant of the overall value that we saw in the project. Xia, anything you want to add to that?
Xia Liu: No, that’s exactly right. It’s a function of the PPA purchase price.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Michael. Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Gale Klappa: So, Durgesh, you’re going to sing fly Eagles, fly for us?
Durgesh Chopra: That’ll put you to sleep. I’m not a great singer. But I will be singing after they actually win in a few weeks here. Okay. Thanks, Gale, for giving me time. I was going to ask you a question on the price of Samson 1 versus Maple Flats that you’ve answered. So, that’s good. Maybe just -- are you seeing -- we’ve heard a lot about transformer shortage and just general material storages. I think you talked about the panels already being in-house. But can you just generally talk about materials, construction materials? And are you seeing some tightness there, specifically issues with transformers or any other equipment?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question, Durgesh. Let me say this. A couple of years ago, we actually were in a position where we thought we would be very protective of our customers and our franchise if we did a double order of transformers. And that has served us pretty well. I think everyone is a bit tight. It’s kind of we feel reasonably in good shape with where we stand.
Scott Lauber: We feel like we’re in good shape. We’ve been working with our suppliers every week. Probably the one that’s across the industry is more of those pad-mount transformers. But we’ve been working and we are able to continue with all our construction and our capital work. So, we don’t think there’s any issues, but we’re watching it very closely. Hopefully, things will loosen up here. But the pad-mount transformers along with some meter sets have been probably the tightest things for us, but we’re watching everything.
Gale Klappa: And so far, so good.
Durgesh Chopra: I guess, are you sourced for the balance of the year in ‘24? Is that how we should think about it when you’re talking about the two-year kind of preorder?
Scott Lauber: I think we’re sourced through the year next year. What we did is some of our larger transformers that we need for substations, we went out and did some ordered way ahead of time, just to get into the queue. Those are the transformers that Gale was talking about. So, there’s different sizes of transfers. Those real large ones, we get out there a year ago to put orders out ahead of time.
Gale Klappa: And Durgesh, one of the reasons we did what Scott just described is the large economic development projects that were coming to fruition here. For example, I mean, we’ve talked a lot about [indiscernible] but they are up and running and ramping up and Komatsu was finished and is now operating their new headquarters and manufacturing -- state-of-the-art manufacturing plant. So a number of the major economic development projects, which we knew would require large transformer sets we prepared for that in advance, which was really good.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Guys, thanks so much. I appreciate the time.
Gale Klappa: Go Eagles.
Durgesh Chopra: For sure. Go Eagles.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Andrew Weisel: First question is another one on Samson 1 here. It’s early, but how do you think about the potential to invest in some or all of the next five phases? I mean that alone could be more than half of the five-year budget, or would you prefer to diversify your projects?
Gale Klappa: Well, we’ve really followed a philosophy of diversification. However, you never say never. We will see if the performance on Samson 1 is as we expected, and we’re certainly open to looking at portions of future phases. But we have not made any decision on that whatsoever. It’s certainly a possibility. And I’m confident if we wanted to be a continued partner in any of those future phases, we would have the opportunity to do so. But, we’ll balance that against what we see as the performance in Samson 1 and against our thinking about diversification, both solar, wind and region.
Andrew Weisel: Do we know the timing of when Samson 2 is going to be at that decision point?
Gale Klappa: It’s under construction now, but I don’t have an in-service date, but we know it’s under construction now. So my guess is it’s in the next 12 to 18 months max.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Next question on a similar front here. The year-over-year EPS walk shows positive $0.10 from PTCs. Are you able to quantify what percent of your total earnings relate to renewable tax credits at the Energy Infrastructure segment?
Gale Klappa: Xia might be able to give you that. I can -- we can tell you what the earnings from our renewable investments were. We can start at $0.28, which is what we delivered in terms of the investments in our infrastructure projects. So, you wrap in the PTCs, you wrap in other revenues. And Xia, we got to about $0.28 a share for 2022 from the Infrastructure segment.
Xia Liu: Correct. And we don’t have the breakdown between PTCs and operating revenue, but the majority of the $0.28 million is from PTCs.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Thanks. Then one last one, if I can. The new battery pilot sounds exciting, but I’m interested in your other science project, the hydrogen blending. You briefly mentioned on the last call that initial results were encouraging. Are you able to give us any additional updates on that project?
Gale Klappa: Yes, they were very encouraging. And within a matter of weeks now, I think before the end of February, the Electric Power Research Institute, which really was the main technical organization helping to drive the project and helping to analyze the project. The Electric Power Research Institute will have a full report available on all the analysis. And we expect that report to be out in the next few weeks. But, again, very encouraged from the standpoint of both the efficiency of what we saw, no degradation of the equipment, and you name it, and it was -- as Scott said, the engineers were giddy. And that’s scary actually when the engineers…
Scott Lauber: Enjoy the project.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Good afternoon, Gale.
Gale Klappa: Anthony…
Anthony Crowdell: Absolutely. I saw some photos of you with Aaron Rodgers in a basketball game recently in one of the local papers.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I was apparently seated next to him and some other folks. It was -- for some reason or another, when you’re sitting next to Aaron, there are a lot of pictures being taken.
Anthony Crowdell: It was all of you, Aaron was very fortunate. I own one share, so I hope he wasn’t out that late. I hate keeping my employees out late there. Just more housekeeping questions, I guess one on Illinois. I think you spoke earlier on the rate case. And maybe I think if I characterize it correctly, it’s good maybe to go through an entire case and the commission, and I think parties will see how much the company has invested. I’m just curious when you see the timing of the QIP rider, expires, then also on the electric side, which I know you guys are not there, but on the electric side, the formula rate plan expired. So the commission right now has 6 or 7 pretty sizable rate cases. Does that make settlements maybe more likely to happen given the workload there?
Gale Klappa: It’s very difficult to say one way or another. But certainly, the commission will have a solid amount of work to get through. I believe every natural gas distribution company of any size has filed their rate case in Illinois and of course, as you say, the formula rate plans and the changes under the legislation on the electric side. So there will be a lot cooking in Illinois this particular year. Whether that leads to more settlements, I think it’s way too early to tell. But clearly, the Illinois has had a track record of settlements. We actually, I believe, had a very positive settlement with our North Shore case just a year or so ago. So, it’s certainly not out of the realm of possibility, Anthony, at all.
Anthony Crowdell: Got it. And if I stay with the gas business, at least Henry Hub gas prices have really declined from the start of the winter until now, and we’re still have a couple more weeks of winter left. I mean, is the company able to maybe capture that in customer bills through contracts? I’m just wondering, as maybe the company’s buying, more hedging process kicked up with these lower prices to mitigate customer bill impact.
Gale Klappa: Well, we’re clearly going to see -- I mean, gosh, I look today, and I think we’re around 2.60 [ph] per million BTU is amazing compared to where we were just about two, three months ago. But if you look at -- particularly for our natural gas heating customers, we have a set commission-approved strategy where we basically -- in advance of the winter season, we basically do a third, a third, and a third; roughly a third of gas and storage, a third of financial hedging and a third on the spot market. So, the extent that third that’s being purchased off the spot market is materially better, it’s going to be helpful to customer bills.
Scott Lauber: And we also have that process as we start thinking about next year as we put injection. So, we may be hedging a little bit right now, just following a very strict pattern to lock in some of those prices for next year.
Gale Klappa: Exactly. And one thing that I would add to all of that is that when we filed our case for Peoples Gas in Illinois, and Scott mentioned this in his prepared remarks, just looking at the futures market for natural gas, we should be able to completely -- even with the rate increase in base rates, we should be able to completely offset that with lower commodity costs and keep customer bills flat in 2024 in Illinois.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then, if I just -- last question, I’d say with costs. I’m just curious, it seems -- obviously, WEC large corporation in our space. You’ve been able to navigate a lot of the challenges of maybe higher rates, inflation headwinds. And is it the scale and size? I mean, how big of a factor is that navigating where some of the smaller utilities or smaller companies are really stumbling on navigating? I mean, is it that -- do you need that scale and size to handle these challenges?
Gale Klappa: Anthony, it’s a great question and my view would be we are in a scale business. I don’t think there’s any question about that. And I’m going to ask Xia to give you one statistic that I think underscores the benefits of scale. If you look back to the -- as a starting point, to 2016, which would be the first full year after our acquisition of Integrys, so from 2016 to the end of ‘22, Xia will give you a statistic that will blow your mind.
Xia Liu: I think Gale mentioned -- is thinking about the day-to-day O&M performance. You know we brought down over $300 million since the acquisition. The CAGR from 2016 all the way to the projected 2023, I think is about 2.5% reduction a year projected. So at the same time, if you think about the asset base growth over the same period, it’s been north of 7% a year. So, the growing rate base asset base, at the same time bringing down O&M. So, that’s a pretty solid track record.
Gale Klappa: It just gives you an example, Anthony, of the benefits of scale.
Anthony Crowdell: Well, thanks so much. Thanks for the time. I’m also not planning a dog anytime soon. I hope you guys have a great day.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with Hudson Bay Capital.
Gale Klappa: Hello, Vedula.
Vedula Murti: Good afternoon. How are you?
Gale Klappa: We’re good. How about you?
Vedula Murti: I’m okay. A question…
Gale Klappa: No, no, no, no. Vedula, I keep wanting you to say wonderful and award winning. You know that.
Vedula Murti: Great. Wonderful, award winning. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: All Right.
Vedula Murti: Okay. With all the focus on affordability and the regularity of rate filings and rate increases over multiple years, associated with investments, et cetera. I’m wondering if you can maybe -- the topic talk too much about is the rate design and whether in fact there is any room or any ability to kind of work on that to perhaps balance some misalignment or to like somehow perhaps make things perhaps broadly more affordable. I know that in the past, it was always the industrial, large customers, subsidize residential and those used to be the thing to want to work it back through cost of service. So, I’m just wondering -- I wonder if you can kind of give us your thoughts on that. And secondarily, one of the other things is about the fixed charge versus variable and whether there’s been a trend mostly to moving towards a much larger fixed charge and away from being volumetrically exposed? Is there any thought or any duration or philosophy around perhaps using that as a means to make things more balanced into affordability?
Gale Klappa: Okay. Well, I will ask Scott to give his view on this as well. Let me start off with one thing that immediately comes to mind. We have been, I think, pretty innovative in trying to help on the whole affordability issue. In fact, in the prior rate case and then it will be actually improved coming out of this rate case, we started something called the LIFT program for low income individuals where if you stayed on a payment plan, there was actually some forgiveness of bill arrears. And that’s been actually an example again of how we’re trying to help and work on the whole affordability issue. So, that’s one thing that comes to mind. And the other is, I’m sure, as we continue to see adoption of EVs across the footprint, that we will be looking at time of use rates and things that can be helpful in terms of not adding to the peak demand and therefore, not adding to our investment cost because of the prevalence of -- as we continue to grow the prevalence of EVs. Scott?
Scott Lauber: You’re exactly right. Looking at like time of use rates has been very helpful, especially as people are starting to get the EVs and they charge at night. And we’re always looking at other opportunities, and we had -- we’ve added in the past year some real-time market pricing programs, too, to encourage economic development. So, we really continue to evaluate what’s good for the state of Wisconsin and our customers.
Gale Klappa: Hope that’s helpful.
Vedula Murti: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome. All right, folks. Well, I think that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for taking part. Always enjoy the discussions with you. And if you have any additional questions, feel free to call Beth Straka at 414-221-4639. Thank you, everybody, so long.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2022 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be made available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group. Please go ahead.
Gale Klappa : Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the third quarter of 2022. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported third quarter 2022 earnings of $0.96 a share. The major factors shaped another solid quarter. Strong performance from our Infrastructure segment, an uptick from our ownership in American Transmission Company, plus a warm close to the summer in September. Of course, our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong and stable. And I will switch gears and provide you with some background on the Wisconsin rate settlements that we announced in October. As you recall, we filed rate reviews earlier this year with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin for all our Wisconsin utilities. After the commission staff completed its analysis, we reached agreements with multiple parties, including the Citizens Utility Board and the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group. In fact, more parties supported these settlements than any other settlement we've reached over the years. Scott will provide you with more detail on the terms in just a moment, but I would simply say that we view this as a very positive step forward. The process, it's now in the home stretch, and we look forward to the commission's review, which we expect in December. Our other big news for the day Xia Liu, is the rollout of our ESG progress plan for the period 2023 through 2027. As you may have seen from our announcement this morning, we expect to invest $2.1 billion with an ongoing focus on efficiency, sustainability and growth. This is the largest capital plan in our history, an increase of $2.4 billion. That's more than 13.5% above our previous 5-year plan. Now as we look forward, I will describe our growth trajectory as long and strong. In fact, our plan will now support compound earnings growth of 6.5% to 7% a year over the next 5 years without any need to issue equity. And as you've come to expect from us, this projected earnings growth will be of very high quality. Highlights of the plan include a significant increase in renewable energy projects for our regulated utilities from roughly 2,400 megawatts of capacity in our previous plan to nearly 3,300 megawatts in this plan. And as we continue to decarbonize our system, it's important to point out that passage of the Inflation Reduction Act is a real true game changer for customer affordability. We now project long-term customer savings of nearly $2 billion of our investment in renewables in this 5-year plan. That's nearly double of what we projected just a year ago. We've also dedicated more capital to hardening our networks, our electric distribution networks so that we can deliver a high level of reliability for our customers. And we've included in the new ESG progress plan an increase in transmission investment. Two major factors are driving this growth. Renewable projects that require transmission and the long-range planning process being conducted by MISO, the Midwest grid operator. Add it all up, shake it all around, and we have what I really believe is a premium growth plan. The projects that are driving our growth are low risk and highly executable. They're paving the way for greater sustainability, paving the way for an energy future that's affordable, reliable and clean. And now before I turn it over to Scott, I'd like to cover a significant development in our infrastructure segment. Just yesterday, you may have seen the news that we will acquire an 80% interest in the Maple Flats Solar Energy Center. That's a 250-megawatt project being developed by Invenergy in South Central Illinois. We plan to invest approximately $360 million for 80% ownership of the project. Maple Flats has an offtake agreement with a Fortune 100 company for the sale of all of the energy it will produce. And under the Inflation Reduction Act, Maple Flats will qualify for production tax credits. The project, of course, meets all our financial criteria and will further diversify the renewable assets in the infrastructure segment of our business. renewables in this And finally, a brief look at the regional economy. Wisconsin added 14,400 private sector jobs in September, and the unemployment rate in the state stands at 3.2%. That's well below the national average. We continue to see major investments from growing companies in our region and a wide range of developments is in the pipeline, so I would just say watch this space. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more information on our regulatory developments, our operations and our investor segment. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber : Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start by reviewing where we stand on the regulatory front. First, let's get back to the details in the rate review. Pending commission approval, a partial settlement agreements would bring several other changes beyond the base rates. We've agreed to a common equity component of 53% and for each of our Wisconsin utilities, consistent with our initial request. The settlement calls for the continuation of the revenue sharing mechanism that has been in place this year. The agreement also addresses the future cost recovery of the older units of our Oak Creek power plant. First, we've agreed to securitize $100 million of the book value of the plant's environmental controls. Second, after retirement, we would propose to levelize over 25 years, recovery of the remaining book value, which is approximately $400 million. We agree with the settling parties that the commission should determine the return on equity for each utility, along with the allocation of revenue among customer classes. We expect the commission review by mid-December. In addition, today, we filed a rate review at one of our smaller utilities, Minnesota Energy Resources. We are seeking an overall bill increase of 7.9%, primarily driven by capital investments. We expect interim rates will go into effect January 1. Meanwhile, we're making good progress on a number of regulatory capital projects. In Wisconsin, work continues on our new reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them, RICE units, as well as our liquefied natural gas storage facilities.  As we've discussed, these projects are needed to support the reliability of our electric and natural gas systems. And our red barn wind development continues to move forward in Southwestern Wisconsin. We now expect to come online early next year with an investment of $160 million, this project will provide about 80 megawatts of renewable energy to our system. Work continues on the Badger Hollow II solar facility and the Paris Solar Battery Park. We still expect these projects to go into service next year, with the battery storage anticipated in 2024. Of beyond the base course, we'll keep you updated on any future developments. We're continuing to make strides in support of a low and no carbon generation. Just last month, we completed our pilot project, blending hydrogen and natural gas at one of our modern RICE units in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. This is a first-in-the-world test of its kind using this technology. As you'll recall, we partnered with the Electric Power Research Institute to lead this research. The project mixed hydrogen and natural gas in a 25% to 75% blend. We are still evaluating the data. However, our initial findings indicate that all project measures met or exceeded our expectations. The units performed very well and efficiently. As expected, nitrogen oxide emissions increased our equipment was able to take these emissions out and, of course, carbon-dioxide emissions were reduced. Our research will help demonstrate the feasibility of this approach for potential generation on a larger scale in the future. We look forward to sharing the full results with our industry and the public early next year. And as we've discussed, we've been able and working on to bring high-quality renewable natural gas to our customers. Just last month, we signed our fourth RNG contract contributing to our goal of net 0 methane emissions. We plan to have RNG flow in our system by early next year. Outside our utilities, we continue making good progress on projects in our WEC Infrastructure segment. I'm pleased to report we've completed the acquisition of the Thunderhead Wind Farm and expected to enter commercial operations later this year. and we expect Sapphire Sky Wind to go into service early next year. Together, the 2 projects represent approximately $800 million of investment. And as Gale noted, we're excited to add our first solar project to this segment with Maple Flats. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa : Scott, thank you very much. And as we head now into the final months of the year, we're narrowing our earnings guidance to a range of $4.38 to $4.40 a share, and we expect to reach the top end of that range. And a quick reminder about our dividend. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're positioned very well within that range, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Next up, Xia will provide you with more details on our third quarter financials. Xia, all yours.
Xia Liu : Thanks, Gale. Our 2022 3rd quarter earnings of $0.96 per share increased $0.04 per share compared to the third quarter of 2021. Our earnings package includes a comparison of third quarter results on Page 17. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations. Overall, earnings across our regulated businesses were down $0.03 when compared to the third quarter of 2021. While weather was favorable relative to normal, it negatively impacted earnings by an estimated $0.03 per share quarter-over-quarter. Outside of weather, earnings from our utility operations were yours. flat quarter-over-quarter. Rate base growth contributed $0.09 to earnings. This was fully offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense, an increase in day-to-day O&M and the timing of fuel expense and other items. In terms of sales, on a weather-normalized basis, retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mines, were up 0.3%. Sales to our large commercial and industrial customers grew 2.1% compared to last Q3. Overall, retail demand for electricity is tracking our forecast. Regarding our investment in American Transmission Company, earnings increased to $0.05 compared to the third quarter of 2021. Higher earnings were mostly related to the resolution of historical appeals returning to the ROE used by MISO transmission owners. As of the third quarter and going forward, we're recording ATC earnings at a 10.38% return on equity. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.02 in the third quarter of 2022 compared to the third quarter of 2021. This was mainly driven by production tax credits from our Jayhawk Wind Farm that began commercial operation at the end of last year. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment were flat quarter-over-quarter. Overall, we improved on our third quarter performance by $0.04 per share compared to last year. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $53 million. Recovery of natural gas costs drove this increase. And total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $2.1 billion for the first 9 months of 2022, a $316 million increase as compared with the first 9 months of 2021. As you can see, we have been executing well on our capital plan. Looking forward, as Gale outlined earlier, we're excited about our plan to invest $20.1 billion over the next 5 years in key infrastructure. This ESG progress plan supports 7.4% annual growth in our asset base. Pages 18, 19 and 20 of the earnings package provide a breakdown of the plan, which I will highlight here. As we continue to make our energy transition over 70% of our capital plan is dedicated to sustainability, including $7.3 billion in renewable projects and another $7.3 billion in grid and fleet reliability. Additionally, we dedicated $2.8 billion to electric and gas infrastructure to support customer growth. We also plan to invest $2.7 billion in technology and modernization of our systems to further generate long-term operating efficiency. This robust capital plan supports a higher and narrowed EPS growth rate of 6.5% to 7% over the long term. As always, we're using the midpoint of this year's original guidance as our base. To remind you, that number is $4.31 a share. With our strong economic development backdrop and our continued focus on efficiency, sustainability and growth, we see a long runway of investment ahead, even beyond the next 5 years. As Gale said before, this trajectory is long and strong. In closing, I'd like to provide our earnings guidance. For the fourth quarter, we are expecting a range of $0.73 to $0.75 per share. As a reminder, we earned $0.71 per share in the fourth quarter last year. Also, let me reiterate our guidance for 2022. As Gale noted, the new range is $4.38 to $4.40 per share. Our expectation is that we'll reach the top end of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa : Xia, thank you very much. And overall, folks, we're on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Just getting ready for EEI. So Gale, just a couple of questions here. So your initial look at the 5-year capital plan shows pretty consistent spending at the infrastructure, but a large jump on Wisconsin on the generation side. As we're sort of thinking about the drivers of the increase, is it more on the IRA-related side? And if so, are you assuming more RFP wins, less reliance on tax equity, more regulated acquisitions. I guess, what's driving this jump? And what's the mix between solar, wind and storage?
Gale Klappa : Okay. Great question, Shar, as always, and take your vitamins before EEI. Let me try to break that down into several pieces. The first is, as you recall, because of our particular situation with our tax appetite, we never had the need for tax equity. So just set that aside, that was never in our capital plan. And then secondly, in terms of what are the big drivers of the increase from $17.7 billion to $20 billion, really, there are 3, as I kind of mentioned in the script. But the first is continued decarbonization of our electric system in Wisconsin, the retirement of older coal-fired power plants in the future and the need to have carbon-free generation to support the capacity needs of the state. Xia can give you the breakdown of the renewable projects that we're laying out in the 5-year plan between wind and solar and battery storage. But long story short, it's a continuation of the decarbonization of the system and very much enhanced in terms of customer affordability by the benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act. Clearly, the Inflation Reduction Act with the huge customer benefits that I mentioned over the long term are really a factor in helping with Bill headroom as we continue again to decarbonize the economy. So that's one big chunk. And as I mentioned, we're going from -- in the previous 5-year plan, about 2,400 megawatts of renewables for our regulated customers to about 3,300 megawatts in this particular plan. The second piece plan, but also as more renewables get completed in the online in Wisconsin, there is a need for upgraded transmission. And in addition to that, some of the transmission system here is of an age where it's going to need to be rebuilt. So we're seeing a big uptick in transmission investment needs. And then the third is, we had outlined a while back, a $700 million plan to harden our electric distribution network, and that will continue. So I hope that responds to your question. Xia, do you want to give a quick breakdown of the 3,300 megawatts in terms of wind and solar and batteries?
Xia Liu: Yes, I'd be happy to. So we assumed about 1,900 megawatts of solar. So that's a little over 440 megawatts increase compared to the last plan. We assumed around 670 megawatts of wind and 720 megawatts of battery. So that adds up to about 3,300. So I'm giving you some round numbers. So higher solar, higher wind, slightly lower battery compared to the prior plan.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just a detailed breakout when you provided EEI, should we just expect a step-up in generation spending will be more back-end loaded? Or will it be an increase across the period? I guess how do we layer this in as we're thinking about your updated growth guide?
Gale Klappa : Well, great question, Shar. As you know, we've got a number of renewable projects in flight right now. So I think this is not a back-end loading kind of a thing. It's pretty pro rata across the 5 years.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then, Gale, lastly is just on -- as we're thinking about the Infrastructure segment, historically, it's been ahead of your planning budget. But we could see some softness there, especially as many of the regulated peers it competes with in other states are now obviously more competitive post IRA. First, I guess, do you agree with that? And then what are your thoughts on essentially all of your peers kind of exiting these nonutility businesses and what seems to be a fairly healthy transaction multiples?
Gale Klappa : Shar, I always respect your opinion, but in terms of future softness in our Infrastructure segment we just don't see it. we honestly don't see it. And I think a good example of that is, I mean, coming out of the gate on the Inflation Reduction Act, and we mentioned to you and others that the inflation Reduction Act by allowing a choice for solar projects between investment tax credits and production tax credits that choice could open up a whole lane of additional investment for us in the infrastructure segment and, shazam, it did with our announcement of Maple Flats. But honestly, we don't see for our company, a softness there. And you're right, some other companies have decided to have decided to exit that business. But to be honest with you, I think a lot of that with very good transaction multiples, obviously, but a lot of that is to avoid equity. A lot of that is to avoid dilution. We're not in that position. And so we think it's a very good business for us. It's meeting all of our financial criteria. But I would just add one thing that I think is really important and that we probably don't emphasize enough. We're building flexibility here. Post 2030, when a number of the contracts that are in place for these infrastructure segment renewables, when they roll off, we're going to have the potential to roll some of these projects at a very good price into our regulated asset base. So we're building carbon-free flexibility for the future in carbon-free capacity for the future. We'll have a lot of options with these assets. And frankly, given the multiples we're seeing, they're probably worth a lot more than we are seeing in our own value.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : So a couple of questions for you. Let me just start off where she left off a little bit. I mean as you think about the extent of the IRA opportunities, obviously, you guys increased the regulated utility outlook to 3.3 from 2.4. but is that the full extent of it? I mean can we expect a little bit more? And then related to that, as you look at the higher rate environment today, you talk about meeting the financial criteria with the solar investment here, I mean, what kind of ROEs and IRRs are you seeing out there, should we calibrate recalibrate ourselves in this elevated rate environment out there? Or is that still a little bit TBD on this project and kind of the go forward [indiscernible] Investments?
Gale Klappa : No. To answer your second question, and I'm going to have Scott to give you his thoughts as well on the -- particularly on the trajectory of additional renewables beyond our 5-year plan in Wisconsin, which I think is robust. But long story short, back to your question on the IRRs on our infrastructure projects. I mentioned this particular project, $360 million solar facility in Southern Illinois, this meets all of our financial criteria. So roughly 8% levered IRR. And again, returns that exceed the returns in our regulated business. And, as I mentioned, give us tremendous flexibility in the 12 to 15 years ahead of us. So at the moment -- and again, we can be very, very selective with these projects. We have 8 wind farms that are either in operation or we've committed to and now the solar facility. But we are, again, by being selective, by working with great partners like Invenergy I think we've got a really solid future. And I don't see at the moment the kind of softness that perhaps some of the others are seeing, but it may be because we can be particularly selective. Scott?
Scott Lauber : No, you're exactly right. A lot of opportunities, as you saw, we just announced that Maple Flat solar project. As you think about the long term and the benefits of the IRA, as Gale mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have over the 20 years, over $2 billion of customer savings for the projects that we've announced that goes through 2027. I think there's a lot more opportunities as you look at the last half of the decade here. So probably more to come, a lot of good savings. And when we look at that $2 billion of savings for our customers, it factors in the IRA and we think a very conservative only $4 gas cost. So the benefits are even more as we look at more renewables as we see $5, $6, $7 gas cost. So a lot of opportunities here. I hope that's helpful.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Absolutely. Absolutely. Excellent. And then if I may here, just pivoting back to the Illinois side of the equation or more focused on people's gas in Chicago. Any updated regulatory strategy there following the expiration of the existing pipe replacement rider at the end of next year?
Gale Klappa : No. As you mentioned, the pipe replacement rider which we call the QIP, the qualified investment plan, rider by legislation is set to expire at the end of 2023. So we are still in the process of evaluating what's appropriate -- and certainly, with the election well underway in just a few days away, practically, we need to wait to after the election to really have the appropriate conversations with the right folks. The only thing I will say is the work needs to continue whether it's through a rider or whether it's through a rate case with a forward-looking test period, the work needs to continue. And as you remember, the long Commerce Commission asked us to have an independent engineering study done more than 80% in that study, which was extensive, and it took over a year to complete by an independent engineering firm. That firm found that more than 80% of the remaining pipes under the city of Chicago have a useful life left of less than 15 years. So the work must go on, we're on target with it, and we'll just continue to work in the process as we move into next year.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Rich Sunderland: It's actually Rich Sunderland on for Jeremy. Thinking about the narrowed growth rate here. Curious on a couple of different considerations. One is you walk from the greater than 7% asset-based growth, I know you typically outline parent financing cost is the delta down to the growth rate. But that's ticked up at the high end of the EPS growth remaining 7%. Any thoughts around the considerations to moving that higher than 7%? Or what else we might not be thinking of in terms of offsets from asset-based EPS?
Gale Klappa : Well, it kind of starts -- well, first of all, as you know, our new 6.5% to 7% growth rate is probably the tightest projected growth rate in the industry. And I think that's a reflection of our ability to execute, our ability to build projects on time and on budget, our track record of consistency. So I see the narrow growth rate as, again, very, very strong and our confidence of our ability to deliver. In terms of the actual math, you start with -- as you know, you start with what is the average growth rate in the asset base, and that is 7.4% a year. And then we back -- we have no need for equity, which I think is a particularly distinguishing factor for us in the industry. But we have to back off financing costs, not just at the parent, but also debt costs at the individual utilities and at the infrastructure segment. So you put it all together and with our -- what I think is our conservative interest rate assumptions, it gets you to that 6.5% to 7% growth rate. Xia, anything you'd like to add to that?
Xia Liu: No, I think you covered it, Gale.
Gale Klappa : I hope that helps to respond to your question.
Rich Sunderland: No, that's very helpful. And maybe just picking up the last thread there on the financing side. where do you see FFO to debt standing currently and maybe through this plan period as well, especially consideration of the higher CapEx here?
Gale Klappa : Yes. Xia has got the detail for you.
Xia Liu: Yes. We are still -- remember, I talked about it in the last quarter earnings call that the IRA provides balance sheet flexibility from several fronts, the PTCs for solar, the stand-alone ITC for battery investment and also the transferability. So all those things provide more flexibility for us. So basically, the financial plan accommodates 2 things. One is IRA, 2 is higher interest rates and also the higher capital, and we're still looking at the target FFO to debt over the longer term. And by the way, the higher interest rates are already factored in the Wisconsin settlement, as you probably already knew.
Operator: The next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just I wanted to quickly follow up. I just wanted to kind of get a sense of what's included in the current rate settlement and then what should we -- how should we think about regulatory approvals in terms of time line and sort of key dates for us to watch as you execute on that 3.3 gigawatt portfolio that you just articulated?
Gale Klappa : Xia has got the full breakdown. I can tell you, though, a pretty significant percentage of the 3.3 gigawatts is already in flight. But we have a number of them coming, and Xia has got the breakdown for you.
Xia Liu: Yes. So out of the 3300, the amount that we will file in the future is about 2,100. So that gives you a sense that over 1,200 megawatts are already either under development or we have already filed and we'll address those in the [indiscernible] test year '23 and also we have a limited reopener in '24.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So 1,200 already underway and then 2,100, what's the timing of those? Are those like -- you said reopener '24. So are those like '25 and beyond type sort of approvals?
Xia Liu: I think like Gale mentioned, this is a pretty balanced generation reshaping plan. So I think our spend in Wisconsin generation is pretty balanced over the 5 years. So you would think that it's incremental each year over the 5-year period.
Gale Klappa : No. Yes, absolutely. So again, we have a number of projects in the pipeline, and we're very optimistic. But really I mentioned earlier the benefits of the legislation. -- in terms of customer affordability are really significant. And Scott, you might want to just talk about the time frame. I mean, the quicker we put these in, the quicker the benefits flow.
Scott Lauber: Sure, absolutely, Gale. So as we talked about earlier, we have three projects that are actually in construction right now. And then there is two significant commission right now waiting for their review to go through the process. But when you look at the $2 billion of savings, as we get these in, those production tax credits, as you can imagine, are probably starting in that 2025, 2026, 2027 time frame as the projects start going into service. And we already factored some of those in for the ones that are in construction now. So about $2 billion of savings over the 20-years. But as you remember, using those production tax credits for solar, we are going to be able to give those back to customers much faster.
Gale Klappa: Over 10-years.
Scott Lauber: Over 10-years and they will hit right away versus 30-years with investment tax credit. So very favorable for customers long-term.
Gale Klappa: Durgesh, I hope that helps respond. Thank you.
Durgesh Chopra: That is very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Sorry to cut you off there. I really had two questions. One was on the gas side and one on the financing side. This is one of your first five-year plans, where capital spend on the gas distribution system, not only didn't go up, it was flattish, maybe even down a little bit. if I go back and look over the last number of years, you would add increasing levels of gas related capital spend for reliability purposes, not just Illinois, but Wisconsin as well. Just curious what you are seeing there and what some of the drivers behind that are.
Gale Klappa: Sure. And I will ask Scott and Xia to give their view as well. But long story short, Michael, you are correct. When you look at the allocation of capital across the five-year plan, the gas distribution part of that capital is pretty flat. But I think it reflects two things. First of all, it reflects the real investment need and opportunity as we continue to decarbonize the system the electric system in Wisconsin. So that is a driving need, which has really grown the capital portion. So renewable generation is way up in the capital allocation compared to prior years. We have continued to make progress. But again, with the benefits of the Inflation Reduction Act and our continued focus on retiring older coal-fired units the opportunity and the need for renewable investment has grown. So that is, in my mind, the biggest factor. And then the fact that the gas distribution piece is flat, I think, reflects two things. One, reflects that we have a quite modern system, but we are also bolstering that system, and we are not too far from the end of building LNG storage facilities for our gas distribution network in Wisconsin. But that spending, I mean, where construction is going very well and that spending will tail off as those LNG storage facilities come into service. And then, of course, the spending on the pipe replacement program in Chicago continues at pace, but at about the same level. Scott, anything you would like to add?
Scott Lauber: You are exactly correct, Gale. I think the key item is remember, those liquified natural gas storage tanks are going in construction going well, going to add capacity for our distribution system and a majority of that spending is being done this year.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then I have a follow-on question. Just for holding company-related debt as well as debt at the energy infrastructure segments. Just can you remind us kind of what is the percent of raw dollar amount that is at either of those two boxes and what is the level of maturities and kind of how you are thinking about refinancing levels just given the broader move in rates?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Well, Xia's got the exact details sitting right in front of her, but let me frame that for you because I think you are asking a very good question. And again, it is an area where I think we separate ourselves from some other companies because, as you know, we have always used conservative financing techniques, conservative financing plans. And so our percentage of floating rate debt compared to the total debt outstanding is really quite low. So I will let Xia give you the details.
Xia Liu: Yes. I think you know we have a target holding company to total debt around 30%. So remaining around that number. And to Gale Klappa Gail's point, the risk capital percentage is pretty modest for us. So I think that helps us from a rising interest rate environment. And again, we try to assume pretty conservative interest rates in the forecast period, both at the utilities and the holding company at key at level. So I think we are addressing the interest rate exposure that way.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then last question, just on the increase in the ATC, the transmission spend, should we assume that a large chunk of that is a little bit on the back-end loaded side just due to siding and permitting?
Gale Klappa: Actually, if you would asked that question two years ago or even a year ago, I think Scott and I would have said, yes, particularly with Tranche one from the MISO long-term planning process, we would have probably said it is way out into the decade. But now I think you are going to see some of that spending really uptick in 2025 and beyond.
Scott Lauber: Yes. And we will be putting a slide together in our new investor deck, but you are actually going to start seeing it on 2025, 2026 as it relates to Tranche 1, but actually some additional investments in American Transmission Company starting in 2024. So it is a good - the long plan in American Transmission Company just came out with their 10-year assessment that even shows a longer growth period here. So it is actually up about 50% from last year's 10-year assessment. So a real positive, and I think it is going to be a longer term plan. It starts earlier and longer.
Gale Klappa: And part of that, Michael, you are asking a great question. Part of that is because some of the early opportunities that have been identified through the MISO Tranche one are really upgrades or additions or expansions on existing rights of way with transmission already in place. And that helps tremendously in terms of just being able to get things moving, not have to get new permits in terms of new rights of way. So there is a real positive development coming out of tranche one that you see beginning to be reflected in our five-year plan.
Michael Lapides: Got it, thank you guys. much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. Take care Michael.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fleishman: Actually, I think last time I saw it, Gale, you talked about sitting around waiting for panels to come out of a warehouse. So maybe you could just kind of talk a little bit about how you are doing on the kind of current renewables projects in terms of just the supply chain and you flip?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question. And you are right. The last time you and I were together actually at the Wolfe Conference in late September, we were talking about kind of how are we going to keep, for example, the construction of Badger Hollow II, very large, regulated solar farm in Southwestern Wisconsin under construction but badly needing delivery of solar panels. And Scott has some good news for you on the developments out of the warehouse in Chicago.
Scott Lauber: Yes, Gale. So we have got about 50 megawatts in a warehouse in Chicago. The first 30 megawatts have been released. They just saw a picture yesterday. They are starting to be assembled on site. So that is really good news. We are working on the remaining 20 megawatts. So construction continues at that site. And we have orders placed now we figured out - we think we have the path figured out for the other solar panels. So orders are placed and getting things moving along here. So it is great to see them start the construction at the pair of sites.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And so just like overall, in terms of time line for start-up, where are you now versus where you might have been before on Badger Hollow?
Scott Lauber: Yes. We are still looking at it in early 2023. It will all depend upon the weather and the supply chain. But right now, we think we have a path for supply chain. The weather may even be more of a factor here in Wisconsin for Badger Hollow too. But we are watching it very closely here. But right now, we are not really changing our time line at this time.
Gale Klappa: And the good news, Steve, as Scott said, things are starting to move for the first time in months.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. That is good. And then just one other question. I know you have got a governor election in Wisconsin next week. And I'm sure energy has not been one of the top three, four, 10 topics in the election. But just curious if it were to switch back Republican, do you see any change in emphasis in the state that would impact your business?
Gale Klappa: The short answer, Steve, is we really don't see a change. And the race is by all public polling and all of the information we have seen, the race is a toss-up. Depending upon which poll you look at, there is a one or two percentage point difference in terms of support for each of the candidates. Governor Evers, of course, the sitting governor, has been very supportive of our transition plan, our decarbonization plan, but also understands that natural gas is going to be needed for reliability, both in heating and on power generation in Wisconsin. So the governor has had a very balanced approach. And as you say, energy is really not a major issue that is being debated. I think the top two certainly would be crime and inflation. The Republican candidate, Tim Michaels, I think the best description of Tim Michaels is he's an infrastructure guy. He and his family I think his grandfather perhaps started Michael's construction. They now have 8,000 employees, and they literally are an infrastructure construction company. They worked on the Keystone pipeline. I mean, he is an individual that understands the need for reliable infrastructure. So whichever way the election goes, I think we are going to be in very good shape.
Steven Fleishman: Great, thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thanks Steve, take care. See you in EEI.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Anthony Crowdell: I was going to ask you, why Shar is already packing for EEI, but a quick question, most of them are answered. Just, I guess, on inflation. You guys have maintained guidance, you are navigating all the challenges that maybe some others are stumbling over. Just what is the most challenging part of inflation of like headwind in the cost pressures, is it on labor, is it on materials, supply chain, or is it really just interest rates? What gives you the biggest problems going to bed at night on these inflation pressures?
Gale Klappa: Well, and we will ask Scott and Xia to give you their idea of what keeps them up at night. I would say for us, in my mind, we have been most concerned about getting solar panels moved getting solar panels to our construction sites. I mean for most of the projects that we have underway, and we have got several billion dollars of projects underway, mean we have locked in much of the cost. I mean, there is obviously some movement in solar panel costs, et cetera. But to me, the biggest thing that was keeping me up at night was actually being able to complete these solar projects that are important to our capacity and to our meeting summer demand simply because of the holdup in the freezing, if you will, of the movement of solar panels. To me, that was the biggest issue. Interest rates, I mean, they have moved dramatically. That is probably a classic British understatement. But again, given the forward-looking test periods in Wisconsin, I mean, as Xia said earlier, we projected reasonable interest rates given the inflationary environment we are in, and that is part of the rate settlement that we have come to with the major parties in the case. So in terms of interest rate increases. I think we are covered there because of the whole mechanism of putting the rate cases in place. We are starting to see solar panels move. And Scott, I assume we are going to see some increase in some of the commodity costs that affect the overall capital program.
Scott Lauber: No, that is exactly correct, Gale. And like Gale have said, the solar panel is probably the biggest one to see them move and start getting on site at Badger Hollow II getting put in service is really positive. We are seeing some cost increases from inflation, we, of course, factor that all into our rate case filing and our filing - our supplemental filing we did in the end of June to factor that in. The other item and the team has done a great job from the supply chain to our operations, really working with our vendors on supply chain and delivering different distribution parts. We haven't had any significant issues. There is just a lot of day-to-day conversations, week-to-week conversations to make sure the supplies on what we need for our construction move forward. So everything is going along really well here. But all that inflation was factored into the test year.
Gale Klappa: And Anthony, it was great to see - one other quick thought for what it is worth. It was great to see in the last few weeks, a pretty sizable decline in spot prices for natural gas. So perhaps the winter gas costs will be less onerous than some earlier projections. . And I will say though, one of the things very pleased about, we have talked with the state regulators and our state commissioners about this, we are in good shape from a supply standpoint for winter heating for natural gas. You have seen in some other parts of the country, particularly in the Northeast, where that may not be the case regardless of price. So I think we are going to see perhaps some moderation in natural gas prices overall for the winter for heating season and a supply that we believe we can count on and keep people warm.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And if I could just sneak one last one in before you end up with a Jimmy Carter sweater to keep warm, but higher prices. But just are you noticing any change in valuations public versus private valuations and some of the assets now that we have seen rising rates. I'm sure you get a lot of bankers pitching you a lot of assets to buy or sell and just wondering if you are seeing any change as rates have risen that maybe the private market use some assets as less desirable versus this recent rise in rates.
Gale Klappa: Well, let me answer it this way. In some ways, the increase in interest rates is helpful to us on the infrastructure side of the business, because some of the competitors that we might face for some of these high-quality assets load on a lot more debt in their capital plan than we do. So again, we finance our infrastructure segment just like we finance our overall enterprise, about 50% equity and 50% debt, roughly. So as interest rates have risen, that changes the economics of a competitor for an infrastructure project that is loading on a ton of debt. We don't do that. We haven't done that. And so I think actually, in some perverse way, the higher interest rates has even been beneficial in terms of our competitive position for the infrastructure segments. Scott, Xia, anything you would like to add?
Scott Lauber: No, I agree, Gale. I think our approach, our consistency, really helps as we look at the infrastructure. And as you can see, we were able to announce another deal there yesterday.
Gale Klappa: And one we are very excited about.
Anthony Crowdell: Thanks so much for the time Gale, looking forward to seeing you at EEI.
Gale Klappa: Sounds great. Thank you. Take care.
Operator: The next question is from Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Nicholas Campanella: So listen, I wanted to - just a couple of follow-up questions. So just going back to Xia Liu's comments on just the credit side and reflecting IRA, and I know you are still kind of working through the FFO to debt target over the long-term. Some of your peers have communicated a cash flow uplift in the near years of the five-year plan. And I'm just curious as you see it today. Is that a similar dynamic that is going on in WEC?
Gale Klappa: We will ask Xia to give you her view.
Xia Liu: Absolutely. If you keep the capital the same, and just look at the IRA impact, if you just layer IRA on top of the existing capital plan, you definitely would see that uptick on cash flow profile. So as I said just now, it allows us to finance the increased capital plan and still maintain the long-term FFO to debt metrics. If that makes any sense to you.
Nicholas Campanella: Yes. Got it. Alright thanks a lot. And then, Xia, just while I have you, you mentioned the 10.3% return on equity at ATC going forward. Does that not include any adders and just how do we think about kind of total ROE?
Xia Liu: That is the total ROE, 10.38% just to be precise, that includes the 50 basis point adder.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. Okay. And then I guess my last one is a follow-up on kind of the M&A question, but more on the regulated side. Gale, you have had a really successful M&A playbook over the last decade, it is driven size and scale efficiencies for your customers and for investors. And my question isn't about your main criteria, whether or not it is changed or not, but just like how is the executive team viewing M&A in this current environment with cost of capital being so high. Obviously, the industry is dealing with customer bill pressures and to be kind of apparent across every state. But does that drive more consolidation in your mind and create opportunity or just how should we kind of think about that from a higher level? Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Yes, it is a great question. And I will bore everybody, but I will not repeat the three criteria. You all know them. But maybe at EEI, we can put it on a wall. But to your question, which is a good one, I do think over time and history shows that we are in a consolidating industry. I mean, goodness, if you turn the clock back to 1995, there were literally 100 on publicly traded investor-owned utilities like ours in the United States. Today, there are roughly 37. So we are in a scale business, scale and efficiency matter. Particularly in an era of increased capital spend, scale and efficiency matter because you know the formula, it is one for eight. We call it the power of one to eight. For every dollar of O&M efficiency you can drive through the enterprise, it makes room for $8 of capital without customer rate pressure. So over time, I do think we will continue to consolidate in the industry. But in the interim here, folks are dealing with a fairly sizable - I think, across the board, fairly sizable capital plans. And the question is, can those plans be more cost effectively implemented if you have greater size and scale and a strong balance sheet. So I think over time, the answer is going to be more consolidation. I would expect, though, it would look more like MOEs, modified or modified mergers of equals as opposed to the old style of M&A, which was, in some cases, driven by debt driven by leverage and driven by low interest costs. So I think the flavor of M&A may be different long-term, I suspect it will be, but it will come in fits and starts. At least that is my view. And thank you for the question.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks for the answer and looking forward to seeing you down in Florida. Take care.
Gale Klappa: Sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: I was just thinking a higher level here. I just wanted to touch on your expertise on the space. And thinking about the transmission needs broadly after talking about significant customer benefits from Ira, how do you see the seams issue impacting transmission development overall and just any other thoughts on how to address this or other roadblocks to really effectively get into regional projects and planning going?
Gale Klappa: Jeremy, interesting question. I will give you two thoughts for what they are worth. The first is the seams issue, I think, goes back to the days of Edison. I mean there have been seams issues for as long as I can remember in this industry. The regional power grids, if you will, I think, have made some progress, but the SEM issues are real. And I think it is a matter that FERC is very interested in resolving. These things take a tremendous amount of time. But my guess is that you are going to see much more inter power-grid cooperation or forced cooperation, one or the other. And these seams issues while they will continue on simply because of the nature of the grids are going to be less and less and less in my view over the next 10-years. I think they simply will have to be. Scott, your view on that.
Scott Lauber: No, I agree with you Gale. I think as more and more transmission gets built, they are going to see it is even natural to hook more of it together. So it may fall into place, but it will take a long time.
Gale Klappa: The other point I would make is that the gestation period for new transmission that is not an upgrade of existing transmission or an expansion of existing transmission. The gestation period is simply just too long. We have talked about this, there is a transmission project, for example, that was first envision more than 10-years ago in our region that is still not fully constructed. It is gone through all of the approvals, but it is going through a very arduous court process right now. So I think there are two areas that really have to be worked on to continue to decarbonize the system and keep electricity reliable across the country. One is the seams issue but also it is just the lengthy period it takes to basically build greenfield transmission. I hope that helps.
Jeremy Tonet: That is very helpful, I will leave it there. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question for today is from Vedula Murti with Hudson Bay Capital. Your line is open.
Vedula Murti: In terms of the renewables build-out, can you help us in terms of like over the period here, how much the capacity factors and the credit that you would be able to get from MISO for system availability of things that nature have improved, I mean because if we go back to ERCOT early on, win was like 10, 12, 15, whatever, stuff like that. So just kind of guesses of what kind of world thumb is and as we go forward, whether there is any whether repower intent or emerging technologies actually provide a step function opportunity.
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, one of these days, when we are on a call with you and I ask how you are doing. I know you are going to say wonderful an award-winning, but we will wait for that day. And Vedula, I'm not sure I completely understood your question in terms - I think what you were asking, but please clarify if I'm off base here. I think what you are asking is, do we have an opportunity to repower some of our existing assets to get more capacity credit in the Midwest power grid. Is that your question, Vedula?
Vedula Murti: That is the second part. And the first part is the 3400 megawatts, both wind and solar. What type of capacity credit would you anticipate now from MISO as opposed to what it might have been like five-years ago or something like that in terms of the improvement?
Gale Klappa: Okay. Well, MISO has been very specific about the particular capacity credit for a particular type of renewables. Scott.
Scott Lauber: No. Exactly, Gale. And I think when you think about when that compete capacity in the summertime is around 14%, 15%, 16%, where solar is in that 65% to 70%. But as you know, we are going through a process now of looking at more seasonal capacity. So you need to look at the fall the spring, the winter and the summer. And we are currently working through all those. I think the final information is going to come out closer in December on how these seasonal capacities will be looked at. But the capacity here, it is at 14%, 15% for the summer for the wind and that 65%, 70% for the solar.
Gale Klappa: I hope that responds to your question, Vedula.
Vedula Murti: Yes. And I guess one last thing, tied to that if to the extent that you have repowering opportunities, I guess, I'm wondering how that is going to compete with capital allocation relative to newer projects and as we go forward here, especially as you have more critical scale across that business line?
Gale Klappa: And there will be some repowering opportunities, no question, particularly with some of the older renewables when I say older, 10 to 15-years ago, for example, we are the largest owner and operator of wind farms in the State of Wisconsin and some of those came on more than a decade ago. So as the technology has improved and as wind turbines have become even more efficient, for example, there are going to be opportunities going forward. But long story short, I don't see this as crowding out. I don't see that opportunity in any way is crowding out because we have so much need to reshape our generation system and to continue to meet those goals, the aggressive environmental goals of an 80% reduction in CO2 emissions done in a way that is affordable, reliable and clean by the end of 2030.
Vedula Murti: Okay, thank you very much and I will see you in Florida.
Gale Klappa: Terrific, thank you so much. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for today. We look forward to seeing you at EEI and in the meantime, thanks again, everybody. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2022 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman and WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Hot town summer in the city. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter of 2022. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2022 earnings of $0.91 a share. A warm start to the summer, solid results from our Infrastructure segment and continued execution of our capital plan were major factors that shaped yet another strong quarter. In light of this strong performance, we're again raising our earnings guidance for 2022, this time by $0.02 a share, to a new range of $4.36 to $4.40 per share. We expect to reach the top end of this new range. This, of course, assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Our balance sheet and our cash flows remain strong. And as we've discussed, this allows us to fund a highly executable capital plan without any need for new equity. During the quarter, we continued to move forward on major initiatives across the enterprise, including investments in our $17.7 billion ESG progress plan. Our focus remains on building and maintaining a highly reliable infrastructure, delivering energy that's affordable, reliable and clean. Scott will provide you with a project update in just a few moments. Now you may recall our recent announcement about an adjustment that we made to our schedule of power plant retirements. We plan to extend the operating lives of the 4 older units at our Oak Creek site. The retirement of units 5 and 6 will be delayed by a year until May 2024. Units 7 and 8 will be delayed for about 18 months until late in 2025. These coal-fueled units have a total rated capacity of 1,100 megawatts. We based this decision on 2 critical factors: First, tight energy supply conditions in the Midwest power market; and expected delays in the delivery of solar panels and batteries, delays that will clearly affect the in-service dates of renewable projects that are now going through the regulatory approval process in Wisconsin. Keeping the older units at Oak Creek online a bit longer for capacity purposes makes great sense for our customers because we can avoid the need to purchase higher cost capacity in the MISO market. But even with the extension of the Oak Creek units, we remain committed to our aggressive environmental goals. Across our generating fleet, we're still targeting a 60% reduction in carbon emissions by the end of 2025 and an 80% reduction by the end of 2030. And by the end of 2030, we expect to use coal only as a backup fuel and we're aiming for a complete exit from coal by the end of 2035. The capital investments we plan fully support this transition. Of course, for the longer term, we remain focused on the goal of net zero carbon emissions from power generation by 2050. And as you know, we're working to help shape the future of clean energy, engaging in policy discussions and on the ground, carrying out innovative projects that can drive decarbonization of the economy. For example, we've now finalized the test plans for blending hydrogen with natural gas at one of our modern gas field units in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. We've teamed up with the Electric Power Research Institute for this leading-edge project. The field work will take place this fall and the results will be shared across our industry. Separately, for our natural gas distribution business, we're making great progress in securing supplies of renewable natural gas. Scott will update us shortly but as a reminder, our plan is to achieve net zero methane emissions from our gas distribution networks by the end of 2030. Switching gears now. Let's take a brief look at the regional economy. The latest data show Wisconsin's unemployment rate at 2.9%, well, of course, below the national average and we continue to see major investments from growing companies in our region. For example, Gulfstream Aerospace is expanding its operations at the Appleton Airport. That's in Wisconsin's Fox Valley, southwest of Green Bay. The company is planning to build a world-class facility for painting and finishing aircraft exteriors. This expansion is expected to open in the third quarter of 2023 and it could add 200 new jobs to Gulfstream's existing workforce in Wisconsin. And just last month, Komatsu Mining celebrated the official grand opening of its new headquarters here in Milwaukee. The campus is already hosting about 600 employees. It includes offices, a training center and state-of-the-art manufacturing space to build heavy mining equipment. During the second quarter, groundbreaking also took place for a major expansion of the Georgia-Pacific paper mill in Green Bay. Georgia-Pacific is investing $500 million in its new facility which is expected to bring about 100 new jobs to the region. So with a wide range of developments in the pipeline, we remain very optimistic about the long-term future of the regional economy. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott for more information on our utility operations and our infrastructure segment. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, we're making good progress on our capital plan. Construction is underway on a number of regulated projects. We have started work on the reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them, RICE units, at our western site in Northern Wisconsin. These units are expected to provide 128 megawatts in of dispatchable capacity with an estimated cost of $170 million. Also, work on our liquefied natural gas storage is underway. As you recall, the commission approved 2 LNG units in Southeastern Wisconsin. This $370 million investment will provide needed peaking capacity for our gas distribution business. On the renewable front, we've deployed $155 million towards refurbishing projects at 2 of our regulated wind farms. When completed, these projects will enhance reliability and performance at these farms. These investments will qualify those sites for production tax credits for an additional 10 years. Also, we expect our Red Barn Wind Park development in Southwestern Wisconsin to come online around the end of the year. It will provide about 80 megawatts of renewable energy to our Wisconsin Public Service customers. On the solar and battery front, work continues on the Badger Hollow II solar facility and the Paris Solar Battery Park. We still expect these solar projects to go into service next year, supplying more clean energy to our Wisconsin customers. However, we've informed the Wisconsin Commission that the battery portion of the Paris project is expected to be delayed until 2024. As you may recall, we have filed for approval of 2 other solar battery projects, Darien and Koshkonong. We initially plan to add these to our fleet in 2023 and 2024. We now project them to enter service in 2024 and 2025, respectively. In addition, we now expect the retirement of Columbia Energy Center to take place in 2026. As you know, Alliant Energy operates the Columbia facility and we are a part owner. Of course, we’ll keep you updated on any further developments. As you recall, we filed a rate review last quarter with the Public Service Commission for our Wisconsin utilities. Our proposed rate increase would support important capital investments and grid hardening projects. Recently, we provided an update to our filing. We factored in the extended operating lives of the older Oak Creek units and the Columbia units. This update also reflects other variables, including higher interest rates and costs associated with the completion of our solar projects. We expect final orders by the end of the year with new rates effective in January 2023. We have no other rate reviews pending at this time. In our gas business, we’ve discussed plans to bring high-quality renewable natural gas to our customers. The Wisconsin Commission recently approved our pilot project for this initiative. Just last month, we signed our third RNG contract which will connect our distribution system to a large dairy farm in Northeast Wisconsin. The 3 contracts in place are projected to bring us 80% of the way toward our goal of net zero methane emissions. We plan to have RNG flowing in our system by the end of this year. Outside of our utilities, our WEC infrastructure segment was once again a positive driver for the quarter. The Thunderhead Wind Farm located in Nebraska will be the next project to go into service scheduled for later this year. We also expect the Sapphire Sky Wind project in Illinois to come online by year-end. Together, the 2 projects represent approximately $800 million of investment, keeping us well ahead of our 5-year capital plan. As you know, MISO, the Midwest grid operator, has set out a long-range plan to address transmission needs across the Midwest. And last week, the MISO board approved the transmission projects for tranche 1. At this time, American Transmission Company estimates that its investment opportunity in tranche 1 is approximately $900 million. That’s in today’s dollars. Investment in these long-dated projects are expected to start as early as 2027. And with that, I’ll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Now as you may recall, our Board of Directors at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7.4%. We believe this ranks us in the top decile of our industry. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings and therefore, I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in earnings per share. And today, we are reaffirming our projection of long-term earnings growth at 6% to 7% a year. Next up, Xia will provide you with more details on our second quarter financials and she'll touch on the likely impact of the reconciliation bill that appears to be headed for a vote in the U.S. Senate. We view the legislation as broadly positive for customers, for the energy transition and for our future investment opportunities. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Our 2022 second quarter earnings of $0.91 per share increased $0.04 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021. Our earnings package includes a comparison of second quarter results on Page 17. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations. The impact of weather was flat quarter-over-quarter. On a weather-normalized basis, retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mines, were up 0.30%, led by our small commercial and industrial customers. Overall, retail demand for electricity is tracking our forecast. Across our regulated business, we grew our earnings by $0.05 compared to the second quarter of 2021. Rate-based growth contributed $0.09 to earnings. This is partially offset by $0.03 of higher depreciation and amortization expense and a $0.01 increase in day-to-day O&M. At our investment in American Transmission Company, earnings increased $0.01 compared to the second quarter of 2021, driven by continued capital investment. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.04 in the second quarter of 2022 compared to the second quarter of 2021. This was mainly driven by production tax credits related to stronger wind production across our portfolio as well as our Jayhawk Wind Farm that went in commercial operation at the end of last year. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment decreased $0.06, primarily driven by rabbi trust performance and a gain last year on our investment in a clean energy fund that we recognized in the second quarter last year. Remember, rabbi trust is largely offset in O&M. Overall, we improved on our second quarter performance by $0.04 per share compared to last year. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $536 million. Cash earnings and a normal recovery of commodity costs contributed to this increase. And total capital expenditures were $1 billion during the first half of 2022. As you can see, we have been executing well on our capital plan. Before I turn it back to Gale, I'd like to give a bit of color on the recently proposed Inflation Reduction Act. I'll also provide our guidance for the third quarter. We're still analyzing the details of the proposal. From what we understand now, we believe the proposal would provide additional benefits to our customers from investments in renewables. An option to choose production tax credits for solar projects and the ability to transfer tax credits would provide more flexibility for future renewable investments. This would apply both at our utilities and at the WEC Infrastructure segment. So overall, we see benefits to customers, future investment opportunities and stronger credit metrics. Now, let me give you the guidance for the third quarter. We are expecting a range of $0.82 to $0.84 per share. This accounts for weather and storm recovery costs in July and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.92 per share in the third quarter last year which included $0.05 of better-than-normal weather. And as Gale mentioned earlier, we’re raising our full year guidance to a range of $4.36 to $4.40 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. With that, I’ll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Let me just -- if we can touch on MISO policy for a second and maybe more specifically the generation backdrop following the PRA earlier this spring and kind of your own retirement modifications or, like you highlighted, delays. Just Gale, from your position, do you envision any structural changes to the auction in the coming years? And could we be in a position where we see WEC undertake maybe additional retirement extensions because of the supply-demand dynamic which could present maybe a possible O&M headwind? Or is this a definitive time line at this point?
Gale Klappa: That's a great question, Shar. Based on everything we're seeing today, I don't sense that we're going to enter into any other significant extensions of plants. The dates we gave you, we feel pretty good about in terms of the retirement of the older Oak Creek units. And I think really what's going on here and MISO has said this, I think, fairly clearly, that there's been so much retirement up to date of older coal-fired units, that really they found themselves in a couple of regions in really, really tight capacity situations. Luckily, we've had the diverse supply here. We've been well prepared. We were basically unaffected by the big increase in capacity costs in the last auction but it was very prudent for us to make sure that we have that capacity online. And remember, Shar, these plants that we're extending, these older Oak Creek units, they're not projected to run a great deal. We need them for capacity purposes at high demand times and this protects our customers from continuing high auction costs in future capacity markets. But as we continue to bring the units online that Scott talked about, I think our current plan is likely to hold in terms of the retirement dates. I hope that answers your question.
Shar Pourreza: No, it does. And I appreciate that. And then I think Xia kind of mentioned a little bit on sort of the IRA or the Inflation Reduction Act but there's obviously some linkages to your capital program and taxes as well. As you kind of work to finalize the roll forward this fall, could we see additional spend from the program, especially as we’re heading into the conference, how do we think about that? And then there’s obviously the counteractive force which is the minimum tax that will probably be beared by the customer, right?
Gale Klappa: Yes. And we're working through all of that in our models. I will say this, right now, based on everything we're seeing and Xia can comment further. Based on everything we're seeing, some of the other benefits of that piece of legislation really kind of offset the minimum tax issues. So, we don’t -- we actually think, as Xia mentioned and Xia, you might want to expand on this a little bit. It is likely there will be a credit positive or an FFO metric positive for us. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes, exactly. Like Gale mentioned, we see very manageable impact from AMT. I think in general, probably $20 million, $30 million of increase in cash tax payment. But like Gale mentioned, we see quite a bit of sources of credit metric benefits from either the monetization of tax credits or lower -- just offset by the lower debt balance, financing costs and so forth. So I think overall, if you take into consideration all the moving pieces, we actually see a benefit to the credit metrics.
Gale Klappa: And a benefit also, Shar, one other, I think, point that we'll continue to emphasize, we talk about investment opportunities here, expanding with this piece of legislation, not only at the utilities but also at the Infrastructure segment. But one of the things that comes through clear to us, this is good for our customers. I mean this can help reduce the cost -- investment cost that our regulated customers have to cover. So there's some broad positives here, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it. Got it. And then just real quick lastly, if I may. Just the rate case, the procedural schedule was obviously issued last week. You guys are great at settling. So as we're thinking about potential settlement options should we be looking at maybe the end of September, early October for that?
Gale Klappa: Yes. It’s hard to place an absolute time frame on the pace of settlement discussions. Right now, we’re still pretty early in the process. The staff is continuing to -- we continue to interact with the staff on their data requests which are very normal and very good. So that part, the staff audit part which was kicked off by our filing, that’s going smoothly, going well, going on time. And as you say, the administrative law judge in the case has proposed a schedule which I think the interveners would like a little more time in between some of the dates. So I’m not sure the schedule is final but it’s certainly close to final. And I would say steady as she goes. And just a reminder, I mean this case is very straightforward. It’s really all about investment in grid hardening, investment in renewables, investment in reliability and over half of the capital projects in this case have already been approved and our O&M that we proposed is actually lower than what was approved in the last order. So the backdrop is still very positive. And right now, it’s steady as she goes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just coming back to a couple of details here, if I can. Normalize for large C&I, just -- again, I get that, that doesn’t move the needle as much on margin but obviously, through 6/30, there’s a -- versus what you guys had forecasted on the year. You -- what you’re seeing there? I know you highlighted a number of industrial trends at the outset here that bode well. But just are you expecting that to reverse in the second half? Or what’s the set up there, if you can.
Gale Klappa: Great question, Julien. And by the way, I got a question for you when I'm done answering. The small decrease that we saw in large C&I as we kind of -- and remember, we serve industrial customers in 17 different sectors of the economy. So it's a very broad gauge of what's going on. We saw 3 sectors in the first half and in the second quarter that really showed a bit of a decline: food processing, food and food processing. Some of that is related to one of our very large customers that is switching product lines. So they had an outage that's going to extend a little bit. And actually, I think they're going to make more chocolate which is a good thing, according to my wife. But anyway, so electronics, food processing and printing were the 3 categories that showed some decline. Primary metals was up but long story short, the rebound in small commercial customers -- the rebound in the commercial sectors of our economy was very strong and very good. So we'll see where industrial moves in the second half. We're not at all concerned about it. But clearly, what we're seeing is a very, very strong recovery in the commercial side of the business. I mean every commercial area we looked at is up from entertainment to hotels to restaurants to -- you name it. There's a really very active backdrop right now in the Wisconsin economy. So when you put it all together and take a look at it holistically, as Xia said, we feel like we're very much on track with our sales forecast for the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Nice. Okay, back half it is. Excellent. And before I answer your question, let me just [ squeeze ] in one more here. Xia, if I can put you on the spot a little bit here. Do you want to quantify a little bit as best even a range on what that credit metric, that net credit metric impact is? As well as if you this [ point beach ] method shift on, I think, $600 million of debt, give or take, if you can talk to that and how that might impact anything?
Xia Liu: Sure. We really don't have a number yet because there's so many moving pieces, as you know, that qualification of production tax credit versus investment tax credit could change the dynamics among just the regulated businesses. So we really haven't quantified a number for you but more to come on that. On the -- you're talking about the supplemental filing that we made in Wisconsin related to a methodology change related to S&P. It's just the update -- the most -- they recently updated their methodology to calculate the imputed debt related to purchase power agreements. So we updated the calculation based on the new methodologies, nothing more than that. And they are applying the same methodologies across the industry. So we're not alone there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And presumably -- the recovery there, would you say?
Xia Liu: Right.
Gale Klappa: It's pretty formulaic, yes. It's a pretty standaround type of thing. Yes, yes. So Julien, I just want to check, how's your married life going?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It’s going great. We bought a house, we’re keeping going.
Gale Klappa: All right, all right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: Congratulations on yet another solid quarter. Just I wanted to sort of -- sorry, Xia but I’m going to put you on the spot again and this is just knowing how well you know this topic. Just on the concept of this, the monetization of the tax credits and transferability. So obviously, this bill doesn’t include direct pay which is part of the Build Back Better. How are you viewing that as an opportunity? Is transferability really sort of an opportunity for utilities like yourselves to monetize those credits? Or what might be those other options when you think about monetizing PTCs, ITCs, etcetera, etcetera?
Xia Liu: Yes. I think that like I touched in the formal remarks, we see this overall bill with benefits for customers, for future investment opportunities and credit metrics. So in terms of the sources of customer benefits, obviously, PTCs versus ITCs from solar projects would be one. The flow-through of ITC benefits on stand-alone battery versus normalization could provide the customer benefit. You touched the marketing of tax credits. So that could be beneficial for customers, extension of tax credits. Those are the sources of customer benefits. And then, like Gale touched in terms of future investment opportunities, WEC, for example, right now, we're looking at the tax appetite to try to match our investment opportunities with our tax appetite. Obviously, with marketability of tax credits, that goes away. So that could open up for additional opportunities and we could potentially consider investment opportunities beyond wind. And then I touched already the credit metrics. So I think overall, I think we see this as a potential positive. Having said that, our current capital plan isn’t relying -- built on any of these. So I think we would see some tailwind from this, this was passed. If not, we’re just fine.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I'd just like to add on to something Xia said. She's exactly right, the $17.7 billion 5-year capital plan that we've outlined for you doesn't envision any of these potential benefits. So that's why we think this is broadly positive. I would say just personally and this is just my own view, the idea of the transferability of tax credits, basically creating a market, I think, is actually a superior solution than direct pay, frankly. It's much simpler. It gets rid of -- we don't need tax equity but it gets rid of a tax equity structure that's complicated and time-consuming. I think this is actually a pretty ingenious approach in terms of the transferability of tax credits in the bill. I hope that helps.
Durgesh Chopra: That helps tremendously. But just so I understand, Gale, am I right in thinking about this transferability as that you don’t need ownership unlike tax equity where you actually need an ownership in the project, you don’t need ownership as an investor or buyer of these tax credits. So essentially, the market or interest in these tax credits is going to be much larger than just those select banks or those specific tax equity investors. Is that the right way of thinking about it?
Gale Klappa: Yes, I think you're right on. I think you're dead on, Durgesh. And in fact, a little bit of background. I know about some of the background of how this came to be in terms of discussions with Senator Manchin. And the idea that this really opens a much broader opportunity for these tax credits, not just with a tax equity investor, that was a major selling point, a major selling point, period, to all those who were crafting the bill. So I think you really analyzed it well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Gale Klappa: You survived your conference?
Jeremy Tonet: I did. I did. Thank you for attending the fireside chat, it was great. Just want to come back to the coal retirements a little bit, if I could, as it relates to the Wisconsin rate case. And just what have reactions been so far? And do you see any potential implications on settlement talks from this?
Gale Klappa: The short answer is -- I'm going to ask Scott to give you some detail but the short answer is we don't see any implications in terms of the rate case. And the reaction has been uniformly positive. Certainly, the Governor’s office which we communicated well with prior to the announcement was very supportive. The staff at the Public Service Commission, obviously taking its responsibility to help ensure reliability was very positive. The industrial customers were positive. And overall, Scott, this really is not a big factor in changing the revenue requirement.
Scott Lauber: No, not at all, Gale. And when we factored everything in, factoring and keeping these units running a little bit longer, extending those lives, factoring in the delay. And remember, we delayed these due to some supply chain challenges, building the solar and the batteries. Factoring those delays in, it was relatively revenue requirement neutral. And remember, for this particular case then, just in this case, you’re avoiding those additional capacity costs. So it was well received adding that reliability until we can get these renewables built and some of the other capacity online. So it was well received across the board from my conversations with individuals across the board like Gale said.
Gale Klappa: And in addition to that, Jeremy, we were able to reassure, as I mentioned in the script, we were able to reassure everyone that our commitment to really aggressive environmental improvement is unchanged by this action. So it just made a ton of sense both from a customer reliability and customer cost standpoint.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful there. And I just want to come back, if I could, to IRA and tax credits and what’s possible there. You talked about the investment opportunity set for WEC Infrastructure being larger. I imagine it’s larger than a breadbox but just wondering if you could give us any breadcrumbs as far as what the scale of opportunity might possibly be?
Gale Klappa: At this point in time, Jeremy, it's probably too early to give you how much bigger than a breadbox answer but I will say this. Right now, our significant investments that we've made which as we reported to you, are performing very well in the Infrastructure segment, those have all been wind projects. I think we have 8 wind projects that were committed to and some of them operating already, a number of them operating already. What this does do and Xia pointed to it which is giving companies like ours the option of production tax credits for solar. That could open up an entire avenue of investment in the infrastructure segment for solar simply because of the way the economics work today. So that just gives you an idea. They’re all wind right now in the infrastructure segment. We continue to see opportunities with wind but it could also open up a whole different technology investment with solar.
Xia Liu: I will add, though, we have the 10% total investment as a portfolio from [ WEC ] so we don't see that change even with this bill passing.
Gale Klappa: Yes, that’s a good point. We’re -- but the opportunity continues because our regulated business is growing as well. So -- but yes, we intend to keep the Infrastructure segment at around 10% of earnings going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: I wanted to start with the -- I know it’s a shoulder quarter for the gas business but sales trends remain pretty strong there, looking at the first half of the year. Really, really strong. I guess, any color on what’s driving that and how sustainable you think that is?
Gale Klappa: So your question is how strong is it, right? Actually, it's -- you're asking an interesting question. The other day, as we were reviewing all of the data, we were asking ourselves, this is really interesting, what are we seeing here? What are the trends? And two answers and Scott and Xia should add their viewpoint but two answers. One is and you've heard me say this a gazillion times, weather normalization is more precise than accurate. So I'm not sure that our weather normalization techniques picked up all of the weather impact that we saw, particularly in Q2. April started out as an abnormally cold month in Wisconsin. And I think that drove some sales and perhaps our weather normalization techniques didn't quite pick up that fully. But the other thing that we're seeing and this is not surprising but positive, a big chunk of the increase that we're seeing and it is a strong increase, is in industrial processes for gas. When you look at the segments of our gas customers, actually, the biggest increase in Q2 is coming from industrial process used for gas. And again, that reflects back on the strength of the economy and we see that as pretty positive. So, I hope that's helpful. It has been a very strong 6 months, no question about that. We'll see what continues here. But the biggest driver in Q2 in terms of the increase we saw was a cold April where residential customers use more gas. And throughout the quarter, the increased use of gas by our large industrial customers for process purposes.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, very helpful. And then in terms of the pending renewables projects on the regulated side of the business that you’re building. I think there’s been like a little bit of a cost pickup on some of the nearer-term stuff, whereas the longer term has been pretty steady thus far. Is -- are those numbers still good? Or do you think there’s ultimately going to be some upward pressure there as well?
Gale Klappa: We'll let Scott give you his view on this. I will say this, the nearer-term cost changes, we fully anticipated and had communicated with our regulatory folks. Scott?
Scott Lauber: So we anticipated and talked to them about it. I don't think it's a surprise to anyone when we file the incremental increases. And what we've been saying is we're going to see cost increases in that 20% to 30%. In fact, the last filing on the solar, the first project we came in were about $1,300 a kW -- kilowatt. And then now it's about $1,540. I think the last one is about $1,640. So they're moving up a little bit, still in line with what we're seeing across the country. In the future, we'll have to see where things go but we said it could be 30% to 40%. But once again, there's a lot of supply chain here and you're looking multiple years out. So right now, there the cost we did see go up but really in line, in fact, a little bit lower than what we see across the country.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And last one real quick. Any plans to file a people’s gas case anytime soon?
Gale Klappa: No time soon. No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: How is it going, Gale? I hope all as well.
Gale Klappa: Same here.
Anthony Crowdell: Married life is going well for me also, if you've just been checking. But hopefully -- just in case my wife sees someone in EEI, I don't want any problems. Hopefully, two easy questions. One is, I guess, guiding to 6% to 7% in one of the slide decks, I think, from the July presentation, historically, it’s been 9% CAGR. There’s really -- you highlighted between GAAP and non-GAAP which there’s no difference. I’m just curious with all that tailwind that you’ve mentioned on the previous questions, what has to happen for you to hit the 6% number?
Gale Klappa: What has to happen for us to hit a 6% growth trajectory?
Anthony Crowdell: Yes.
Gale Klappa: Downsides that I really don't anticipate that would be kind of out of the blue right now. Remember, our projection is 6% to 7%. And certainly, what we have in the pipeline in terms of approved capital investments and simply our continued efficiency and driving best practices through our operations. It would take something that I don't anticipate. Scott?
Scott Lauber: No, I agree, Gale. We have really good value-added customer projects we’re putting in. When you think about like grid hardening. The storms that we’ve seen this summer and last summer, it makes a lot of sense to go as we do that, the additional transition to renewables. So we feel really comfortable with where we are to be able to execute. It’s a very executable capital plan also.
Gale Klappa: With no need for equity.
Scott Lauber: Exactly. So -- but we will continue to evaluate our growth. And as we look at the fall and we pull into the capital projects, we’ll continue to look at it.
Gale Klappa: And Anthony, when I see your wife at EEI, I'll just say, what goes on in Boston stays in Boston. How's that?
Anthony Crowdell: I appreciate that. I appreciate that. If I look at on the cost side, so far, first half of the year, O&M is down 4% roughly when I look at the slides you put out. What is the more challenging part of maintaining the cost in O&M in this inflationary environment? What are you seeing as the biggest challenge? What part of your O&M budget?
Gale Klappa: Well, I can give you an initial thought on that. Well, certainly, Scott and Xia are very close to the numbers as well. So we'll ask for their view. I would say the -- when you think about our own -- I mean the first thing that comes to mind actually may not be the biggest cost factor in our array of costs that we have to operate the enterprise day-to-day. But you just think about the gasoline that our fleet, our trucks, our service trucks, our bucket trucks. When you think about the cost of gasoline having more than doubled, that’s certainly a big factor and we got -- we are rolling as few trucks as possible. But when you have a storm, you got to roll trucks. When you have an outage, you got to roll trucks. That’s one big factor that has been largely out of our control. And I would just point to that one first. Scott, Xia?
Scott Lauber: No, you're exactly right, Gale. You really have to kind of pull yourself behind the numbers here. And when you look at the O&M, just to correct where we're at here, some of those decreases that we're seeing on the top level of the income statement are some of the items that we had in our rate review last year for transmission. There's a little detailed breakdown on a few additional pages in our packet. So some of that is related to transmission reductions that we agreed to. So Wisconsin actually was up a little bit year-to-date. So that’s because it’s reaction to storms and some of these inflationary pressures that Gale talks to. But overall, when we look at our forecast, we’re still projecting to be down about 1% flat to 1% in total O&M.
- Gale Klappa: Xia, anything you’d like to add?
Xia Liu: No, I think you covered it very well.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Terrific. Anthony, I hope that's responsive to your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Perfect. NFL schedule is out and I think my Jets may finally win one in Green Bay in October.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I'll take the over under on that one for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Sophie. How are you doing today?
Sophie Karp: I am doing great. Great discussion so far. Just if I may press you a little bit more on this -- on the IRA provisions, right? There’s more there than just wind in store. We have basically a lot of incentives for Evs, for technology-agnostic PTCs at some point, right? How do you think about maybe moving beyond wind and solar and the branching out to other areas, right? Could you do, for example, modular nuclear? Or have you looked into fleet electrification opportunities like some of your peers are doing? Your own fleet, you mentioned gasoline prices or maybe municipal fleet, etcetera. If you could just elaborate on what is beyond, I guess, wind and solar.
Gale Klappa: Yes, happy to. And of course and Xia mentioned this as well but batteries is a -- the battery inclusion in this act is also important in terms of the credits. So batteries, certainly and that's in our plan already and probably will be even more greatly in our plan going forward. So batteries is one area that can be beneficial to all of us given what's in this piece of legislation. We do have and we probably don’t talk about it enough but we do have goals for electrification of our fleet. No doubt about that. So that’s coming. We have now a pilot program in place in Wisconsin that the Wisconsin Commission approved a few months ago where we are approaching commercial and some residential customers about installing individual chargers at their locations where we would own the asset and that is off to a really good start. So those two things come to mind immediately. As far as small modular reactors, I mean, we’re tracking the progress. No question about that. Our strategy folks on the generation side of the business who have had regular contact with the developers of SMR. I will say this, we are not in the business of serial number one. But certainly, down the road, particularly if this kind of tax credits apply, that certainly could be an option down the road, not in our 5-year plan, probably not in the next 5-year plan but certainly down the road. Xia, anything you’d like to add?
Xia Liu: No, I think the only thing is we are going through the hydrogen test process to learn more on that. And as part of this IRA, there's new clean hydrogen production credit. So that's something that if it indeed is making sense, that would be something we would be happy to look into.
Gale Klappa: A very good point. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. And I think the other point, you mentioned EVs. And we really see it more as not that but the adoption of EVs, how does that even expand our grid hardening as more and more EVs come onto the system. And like Gale said, we've got a robust program already, we see a lot of traction. But remember, we didn't put any of this in our future 5-year forecast that we talked about it in our third quarter call. So we have nothing in our long-term plans related to EV. So adoption there could be a nice little tailwind there for some sales.
Gale Klappa: Yes. And Sophie, you probably heard our rule of thumb that for every 2 new EVs put onto our system, it’s probably the equivalent, the energy equivalent of a single household. So when you think about -- and we just saw some statistics the other day from the State of Wisconsin projecting the trajectory of EV adoption in the state, if it’s even close to right, Scott’s point will be borne out in really, really fully because, I mean, we only have a few thousand, a couple of thousand EVs in the state today. And they’re projecting just huge numbers by 2030. We’ll see if that’s right. But behind that would have to be a very significant investment particularly with our rule of thumb estimate about 2 new EVs on our system equal to the energy demand of a single household.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I have an easy one for you. Actually, I have two questions that I’ll do sequentially. The first one and it follows on the EV question that just came. Can you talk about what you think is the long-term role of the utility, the electric utility is and the potential ownership of charging stations relative to kind of the various market models we have today in this country where the utility is generally not the owner of charging stations or is a very small component of that. How do you just think about that from a public policy standpoint?
Gale Klappa: Well, that's a great question, Michael. I would say this. I don't think there's a one-size-fits-all answer. I think you've hit on it earlier, there's a lot of different models floating around the country, state by state, even the federal government now with the charging plan. So we're very, as you know, very, very early in the development of the whole infrastructure that would support a massive transition to electric vehicles. So I think the jury is still out and time will tell in terms of just -- in terms of how much of the actual charging equipment that utilities will own. But -- and so I really can't -- I don't think anybody can give you a really clear answer on that question today. I will say this though, when you think about and it goes back to Scott's comment on grid hardening. If you think about neighborhood, let's say, a cul-de-sac with, I don't know, 8 homes, for example. If 2 or 3 of those homes adopt EVs, well, we're going to have to put in a much larger transformer in that neighborhood. So there are incredible investment requirements in terms of our basic infrastructure. Forget the charging equipment itself for a moment. There are various significant investment needs that are going to come with the adoption of EVs. And that, I think, will open up again tremendous capital opportunity for a company like ours but also the need to be able to have the grid that really supports that kind of transition to a massive, massive number of EVs. So again, none of that's in our forecast. We will wait and see how we -- how the EV adoption moves forward. But I can tell you it's beginning to gain momentum here in Wisconsin. I don't think there's any question about that. So, I hope that answers your question to some extent. I just don't think there's a good single answer about who owns what to what extent going forward. There are just too many models and too much discussion and development right now to give you a much more specific response.
Michael Lapides: No, totally understand. And then my second question is another kind of policy one which is when you go meet -- you and the team go meet with Governor Evers or go meet with folks in the state legislature or some of the leaders of some of the large business groups. What is it that the utilities in the state are not doing today or have in their next 1-year or 2-year or 3-year plans that they still like to see you guys do?
Gale Klappa: That we would still like to see or that Governor Evers would like to see?
Michael Lapides: That the governor and other both elected officials and business leaders.
Gale Klappa: It all comes down to -- it all comes down to one word, reliability. Affordability, yes but reliability is the key. I mean, whenever we have discussions with legislative people when -- with the public service commissioners, with the governor's office, it is really all revolving around reliability. They want to make sure that what happened in Texas does not happen here. And that we're going to have the capability to continue to support the energy transition. Scott?
Scott Lauber: It’s reliability, not only on electric but also on natural gas, keeping the houses warm here in this cold environment in Wisconsin. So that’s also a key. So we just don’t want to look at it from one side.
Gale Klappa: Which again led to us talking with them and making the decision to briefly extend the lives of the older Oak Creek units. Again, it was all about assuring reliability.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then finally, with the changes in the time in -- the in-service dates for the storage and solar projects, how should we think about what this does to the CapEx forecast for the next 2 to 3 years?
Gale Klappa: Very little. It might shift from year to year but I mean, we have so much flexibility in that capital budget that, Scott, I don't see any major impact.
Scott Lauber: No, I don’t. We’re really looking at the numbers but every year, there’s a few things that we have to move around a little bit. So it’s not going to be a substantial change as we flow through our next iteration here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard Weil.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: A couple of quick ones on coal first. So first, in terms of the O&M impact between delays to solar coming on solar and battery and the decision to move some retirement dates around -- you’ve talked about the benefits of nonfuel O&M savings in the future. What does that impact look like as you think about these fundamentally changing from operating as baseload units to becoming capacity resources that won’t run very often?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think we basically said there'd be about a $10 million uptick in the O&M to use these older Oak Creek units as capacity machines offset by the other factors that Scott mentioned. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Right. So that's as you look at it as compared to what we had in the rate case here. But when you think of ongoing, when you go back a couple of years, when they were really full-on baseload plants, probably the O&Ms come down maybe $10 million when you think about it overall, so we're still trying to -- about $10 million. Still looking at the efficiencies, you're not running them quite as much. You can utilize the staff and a variety of projects, trying to make the workforce as efficient as possible. So -- but it's a lot cheaper than going out and buying that capacity in the market.
Andrew Weisel: Right, that makes sense. Okay. And then how will that transition look for the coal units? Will they gradually decrease their capacity factors over a few months or seasons? Or will it flip like a switch on a predetermined day that all of a sudden, they're only for back up now?
Gale Klappa: No, it all depends -- I mean, as you know, in the MISO market, we basically let the Midwest grid operator know what units we have available and at what marginal cost all the time. I mean day ahead, hour ahead, etcetera. So those units will run based on efficiency and demand in the MISO market. But we anticipate, just looking at our modelling, we anticipate they will be used really seasonally at the highest demand times, winter and summer, probably not online very much during the non-higher demand time, Scott?
Scott Lauber: No, that's exactly right. And it's not going to be a switch. We'll continue to look at the forecast and do the strategy as we do every other type of asset.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. But dispatch is ultimately determined by MISO, right?
Gale Klappa: Yes, absolutely. Yes, just like every other unit. So basically, this just becomes an asset in our portfolio that we offer to MISO every day.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. Then one separate question. If I can attack the O&M question from a different perspective. Given the strength of the year-to-date results, are you thinking about or have you started pulling forward expenses from ‘23 and beyond to better position yourself? I know you’re in the midst of a rate case and you talked about pressures from inflation, from storms. Just wondering how to think about those puts and takes.
Gale Klappa: Well, the short answer is we have had, particularly in July, we've had some pretty serious storms, so we've had some additional operating costs in July that you're not seeing in our numbers yet, obviously. And we have a number of maintenance projects already scheduled in our normal plan for the second half of the year. Power plant maintenance, other maintenance. So we're not planning on pulling forward any additional O&M because we've got plenty of things to do in our normal plan. Xia?
Xia Liu: I think that’s exactly right.
Operator: Your final question today comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So just last but not least, hopefully but good talking to you. So just to follow up on the coal plant thing. What I’m a little bit confused by is the impact of the supply chain issues. At least from what I’ve been reading in the local press, it seems like that’s associated with renewables. And I’m just trying to understand what projects that were delayed? I mean is it storage? Or is it transmission components? Or is it -- I’m just wondering how -- what actually caused, I guess, the pushback on the plant retirements?
Gale Klappa: That's a great question. And to clarify, there are really two elements to it and we'll let Scott cover the details. But the first is one of the major solar battery park investments that we are making have already been approved which is what we call the Paris Battery Solar Park. The batteries there are going to be delayed. So that's a piece of it. And then I think, Scott, you mentioned during the prepared script, there are 2 solar projects that we are now going through the regulatory process on and they’re not going to come in on the original dates.
Scott Lauber: Correct. They're not going to come in. So we had several solar projects and those additional solar projects also had batteries attached to them. And with that uncertainty in the capacity, it just did not make sense to pull the trigger on those retirements.
Gale Klappa: Paul, just to kind of put all that in perspective. We're going to be running those older Oak Creek units over the next couple of years here as we extend their lives just a little bit, we're going to be running them as capacity machines. The solar that we were putting in on the batteries were also for capacity. So that's really the trade-off we're making here.
Paul Patterson: Got it. And then we’re seeing around different parts of the country, sort of constraints. Transmission constraints impacting wind production. I’m wondering, are you seeing any of that in Wisconsin or anywhere else that you guys -- that you guys are associated with? Are you seeing any impact on curtailment of wind production?
Gale Klappa: So far in Wisconsin, very little. However, in our Infrastructure segment, we've seen some lengthy transmission maintenance outages in the Dakotas, for example. We've seen some transmission issues that seem to now be resolved in Kansas with our Jayhawk wind farm. So sporadically, yes, we have seen some transmission issues and there's no question that we have got to, as a nation, move forward with transmission projects. We've just got to do it to maintain reliability of the grid without a doubt. And that’s why we’re pleased that MISO has gotten to the point where they’ve gotten to and you probably heard Scott, actually, it’s $100 million higher than we thought originally. So the MISO tranche 1 for American Transmission Company is now up to a $900 million investment. All right, sports fans. Well, I think that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating. Always enjoy talking with you. If you have any more questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221 4639. Thanks, everybody, so long.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-02 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2022 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: From the home of the defending NBA champion, Milwaukee Bucks, good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the first quarter of 2022. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported first quarter 2022 earnings of $1.79 a share. Our results were largely driven by colder-than-normal weather, a strong economy and the performance of our Infrastructure segment. In light of this strong start to the year, we're raising our earnings guidance by $0.05 a share for 2022 to a range of $4.34 to $4.38 a share, with an expectation of reaching the top end of this new range. This, of course, assumes normal weather for the remainder of 2022. Our balance sheet and cash flows remained strong. And as we discussed, this allows us to fund a highly executable capital plan without issuing equity. We're also making good headway on our $17.7 billion ESG progress plan, the largest five-year capital plan in the Company history. The plan is focused on efficiency, sustainability and growth. Over the past few months, we've received regulatory approval for more than $1.1 billion of needed capital projects in Wisconsin. Scott will provide more detail in just a few minutes. And we're preparing the way for further progress ahead. As you may have seen, our Wisconsin utilities filed rate reviews with the Public Service Commission for the two-year period in 2023 and 2024. We provided you with details in the earnings packet that we released this morning, and Scott will cover the highlights in just a moment. But the request, ladies and gentlemen, is all about the investments we need to make to enhance reliability for customers and continue the largest clean energy transition in our history. I would add that even with this request, the typical electric bill for our residential customers will remain below the national average. Switching gears now, many of you have asked about the solar panel investigation by the Department of Commerce. There clearly will be impacts across the industry. And at our companies, we may see some price increases and potential delays, particularly on the solar and battery projects that are still going through the regulatory approval process in Wisconsin. But the important point is that we do not expect the review by the Department of Commerce to have any material impact on our five-year capital plan. In summary, we're poised to continue our strong track record, delivering among the best risk-adjusted returns our industry has to offer. We expect our ESG progress plan to support average growth in our asset base of 7% a year driving earnings growth, dividend growth and dramatically improved environmental performance. Across our generating fleet, we're targeting a 60% reduction in carbon emissions by the end of 2025 and an 80% reduction by the year of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. By the end of 2030, we expect our use of coal for power generation will be immaterial, and we're aiming for a complete exit from coal by the end of year 2035. Our capital investments fully support this transition. Of course, for the longer term, we remain focused on the goal of net-zero carbon emissions from power generation on 2050. We're also investing in our natural gas distribution business and developing sources of renewable natural gas. Our plan is to achieve net-zero methane emissions by the end of 2030. With those goals in mind, we're working to help shape the future of clean energy. Hydrogen, for example, could be a key part of the solution in the decades ahead. So earlier this year, as you recall, we announced one of the first hydrogen power pilot programs of its kind in the United States. We're joining with the Electric Power Research Institute to test hydrogen as a fuel source at one of our natural gas-powered units in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Engineering specifications and testing protocols are now being developed, and we're on track for actual blending of hydrogen in the unit this fall. We look forward to sharing results across the industry. And now let's take a brief look at the regional economy. The latest available data show Wisconsin's unemployment rate at 2.8%, of course, well below the national average. The state's economy recovered throughout 2021 with especially strong growth in the manufacturing sector, and we continue to see major investments from growing companies in our region. For example, Amazon is expanding its presence in Southeastern Wisconsin with plans to lease a 1 million square foot building that is now under development. This expansion could add 400 new jobs to Amazon's workforce, a workforce that is already 3,000 strong in the region. Uline's workforce is also on the rise. Uline, as you may know, is one of the nation's largest suppliers of packaging and shipping materials. 700 employees joined Uline's workforce in Wisconsin last year, and Uline expects to add 300 more jobs this year. So we remain optimistic about not only the strength but the trajectory of the regional economy. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more information on our utility operations and our infrastructure segment as well. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, across Wisconsin, we're making good progress on the transition of our generation fleet and our ESG progress plan. Work continues on our Badger Hollow II solar facility in the southwestern part of the state. We have a plan for delivery and acceptance of the panels, and we expect clearance from customs in a reasonable time frame, so we still project Badger Hollow II to be in service in the first half of 2023. And recently, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission approved our purchase of 90% of the Paris Solar Battery Park. It's the largest investment of its kind in Wisconsin history. Located South of Milwaukee, this facility will host 200 megawatts of solar generation and 110 megawatts of battery storage, providing our customers with sunshine after sunset. Regarding the solar panels, we have a line of sight on production and delivery, and we still project commercial operation by mid-2023. The situation with battery production and delivery is more fluid, and we'll work through the details we'll provide you with more information about potential delays in the battery installation of the Paris facility. And of course, we'll continue to examine our capacity situation in light of these developments. To put all this in perspective, it's worth noting that only 3% of our five-year capital plan is devoted to renewables and battery storage in 2023. Turning to other important projects. The commission has approved our plans to build 128 megawatts of natural gas generation at our existing Weston power plant site in Northern Wisconsin. The new facility will use seven reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them, price units. These dispatchable units will support the retirement of older, less efficient coal generation. We expect this project to go into service in 2023. As Gale noted, WEC Infrastructure was a positive driver for the quarter with the addition of Jayhawk, which entered commercial operation in mid-December. Thunderhead will be the next wind farm to go into service, and we now expect that in the fall of this year. As discussed before, we remain ahead of schedule in our five-year capital investment plan for our infrastructure business. Turning to gas distribution. Just last week, we signed another contract to use renewable natural gas, or RNG, from a local dairy farm. This new agreement brings us halfway to our net-zero methane goal for the end of 2030. Now I'll touch on the rate filings Gale mentioned. On April 28, we filed a rate review with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. Our proposed plans would help us to continue to reduce emissions, strengthen key infrastructure and provide affordable power to customers. I'll discuss the request to set rates for We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service. You can refer to Pages 14 and 15 of the earnings packet for more details. Under our plans for the two utilities, the typical electric bill for residential customers would increase approximately $5 to $6 a month in 2023 or roughly 5% to 6%. Key drivers for our proposed increase include capital investments in renewables, battery storage, natural gas generation and LNG storage for our gas distribution system. Many of these projects have already been approved. In addition, we are introducing grid hardening projects that are part of a 10-year plan to protect our system against severe weather, and the rate review includes other costs that have been authorized to recover in previous proceedings. In summary, this represents only the second time in eight years we have asked for a base rate increase for We Energies. We expect final orders by the end of the year with new rates effective in January 2023. We have no other regulatory reviews pending across our companies. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. As you may recall, our Board of Directors, at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7.4%. We believe this increase will rank in the top decile of our industry. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're right in the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in earnings per share. And today, we're reaffirming our projection of long-term earnings growth at 6% to 7% a year. Again, we do not see any need to issue new equity. Next up, Xia will provide more details on our first quarter numbers and our second quarter guidance. Xia, all yours.
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Our 2022 first quarter earnings of $1.79 per share increased $0.18 per share compared to the first quarter of 2021. Our earnings package includes a comparison of first quarter results on Page 13. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, we grew our earnings by $0.15 compared to the first quarter of '21. First, rate base growth contributed $0.13 to earnings. As we continued to execute on our ESG progress plan, we grew our utility rate base by over 7% last year. Next, colder winter weather conditions drove a $0.05 increase in earnings when compared to the first quarter of last year. Also, continued economic recovery added $0.01, reflecting stronger weather normalized sales during the quarter. Overall, we saw a continued economic rebound in the first quarter of 2022. Weather normalized retail natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding gas used for power generation, were up 3.6% compared to the first quarter of '21. Residential natural gas sales were up 1.6% from the first quarter of '21, and commercial and industrial natural gas sales were up 6.8%. Additionally, weather normalized retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 0.7% compared to the first quarter of '21. These positive drivers were partially offset by $0.04 of higher depreciation and amortization expense and a $0.01 increase each in day-to-day O&M and fuel. Overall, we added $0.13 quarter-over-quarter from utility operations. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.06 in the first quarter of '22 compared to the first quarter of '21. Higher production tax credits, driven by strong wind production, added $0.03 in earnings. We also recognized a $0.03 earnings contribution in Q1 this year from the final resolution of market settlements in the Southwest Power Pool that were related to Storm Arie. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our corporate and other segment decreased $0.01 when compared to the first quarter of '21. Unfavorable rabbi trust performance resulted in a $0.02 earnings reduction. This was partially offset by a pickup of $0.01 from our investment in a clean energy fund. In summary, we improved on our first quarter of '21 performance by $0.18 per share. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities increased $682 million. Cash earnings and recovery of commodity costs contributed to this increase. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $384 million in the first quarter of '22, a $207 million decrease from 2021. This was primarily driven by spending on Jayhawk wind farm. In closing, before I turn it back to Gale, I'd like to provide our guidance for the second quarter. For the quarter, we're expecting a range of $0.82 to $0.84 per share. This accounts for April weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.87 per share in the second quarter last year, which included an estimated $0.03 from favorable weather. And as Gale mentioned earlier, we're raising our 2022 earnings guidance to a range of $4.34 to $4.38 per share, with an expectation of reaching the top end of the new range. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're now ready to open it up for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Now, we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Yes, congrats on the bucks, making it to around two of the playoffs.
Gale Klappa: Going to be tough series, but they sure showed up yesterday.
Shar Pourreza: For sure. For sure. So Gale, just on the Wisconsin rate cases and specifically storm hardening, grid resiliency, how should we sort of think about maybe the timing and pace of the spending for the 800 miles of undergrounding planned over the next decade. What's the sort of the cost per mile? And is 800 miles just a starting point for maybe an expanded program.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I think, Shar, the way -- the best way to look at it is what we have proposed in the rate review is really the start of about a 10-year program that we see ahead of us to maintain reliability and to really make sure that we continue to be one of the most reliable utilities in terms of outage history and restoration and country. We've had a great track record, but we're seeing -- I mean last year, in particular, I mean, we saw some very serious storms, I don't think that's going to abate necessarily. We also have aging equipment. So, we have laid out and Scott can give you more detail, but we've laid out internally a 10-year program. What you see in the rate case, Scott, is the start of that.
Xia Liu: Correct, Gale. So yes, the start of it is starting in 2023, and it's about $700 million right now, but we'll continue to evaluate it like we do. We sold $700 million over that 10-year period, but it's more than just undergrounding. It's adding the technology to the grid, more re-closures, more of that self-feeling technology, similar to the benefits we had in a couple of projects in Northern Wisconsin, where we saw a 97% improvement. So looking forward to this program, but it's about $700 million. But of course, as we get into it, we'll evaluate it more.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. And Scott, this is incremental to the plan? Or is this inclusive of the current plan?
Scott Lauber: No, that has been factored in our 10-year plan, as we laid that out last year or at our five-year plan. But remember, that just get our runway -- a lot longer runway as we look through this because the majority of our system is getting to that 50, 60, 70 years old, and that was the time I think how you renew that system.
Gale Klappa: Shar, we've got some transformers as old as you are. So we really need to kind of replace them.
Shar Pourreza: There are only 22-year-old transformers. That's pretty -- and then just, Gale, you've done -- you guys have done a great job kind of reducing O&M historically. I guess, now, I guess, how are you thinking about your current O&M target of flat to 1% reduction. In light of some of the observable inflationary pressures we're seeing in the market to see if they're not transitory, and just remind us what level of O&M reductions for '23 and '24 are you assuming in the case you just filed in the cases?
Gale Klappa: Well, we'll take the answer in two pieces, and I'll ask Xia to give you the '23 number for the rate review. But long story short, for 2022, our target was a zero to 1% reduction in day-to-day O&M. We still believe that's achievable, and that's what's in our plan. And then when you look at the filing for the rate review, in light of inflation, in light of wage increases, et cetera, we have proposed in the rate review a modest increase in O&M for 2023. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes. So, if you compare to the last rate order in 2020, our rate filing for O&M is actually a net reduction of 2.6%. So compared to what the commission ordered us three years ago, we actually proposed a reduction. But if you compare it to actual 2021, it's a modest increase like Gail mentioned.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. And then just real quick last from go, it sounds like thank you for addressing the supply chain constraints and circumvention issues, but I just want to bring this home. Do you still feel comfortable with the 700 megawatts of solar in the current plan, which you haven't filed for approvals on yet? Or could we see some of that replaced with for instance, let's say, wind, Can you pivot if these tail risks aren't subsided?
Gale Klappa: Yes, it's a great question, Shar. I think the short answer is yes. We're at a point where pivots are certainly still doable, and let me be clear about that. Scott covered with you the two projects that are really on the immediate horizon that have already received regulatory approval that are already in the earliest stages of construction. And we either have a plan or a line of sight on those two projects related to the solar panel. So, we feel very good about that. When you think about the projects that are still going through the solar and battery projects that are still going through Wisconsin regulatory review, there, there may be price increases, there may be some delays. But if you think about, as Scott said, if you think about our total five-year capital plan, less than 3% of that is in solar and batteries in 2023. And -- and we've got significant projects that are not solar-related like the very important capacity additions of the rice units in Northern Wisconsin. And yes, we could still, if we needed to pivot to win. So, we feel very good about where we are even in light of the difficult situation posed by the Department of Commerce.
Shar Pourreza: Congrats on the results. And hopefully, Beth continues to make a really speedy recovery.
Gale Klappa: Great. Thank you so much, Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hope you guys are all doing well and Beth, hope you're doing in particular, doing better here.
Gale Klappa: Very good. She is well at the moment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just coming back kind of filling out on what I heard you guys say a moment ago and then also in the remarks here, any net delays to your projects, forget '22, but really in that later period in '23 and '24? How does that impact the rate application that was filed right first off? And then secondly, it sounds as if the -- which there's anything shifts here, et cetera, you're committing to be largely intact in your numbers regardless. But again, I just want to make sure I would like to close the gap on that last question.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great clarify question, Julien. Yes, given everything we're seeing right now, the five-year capital plan, the ESG progress plan at $17.7 billion, we are -- we don't see anything that will derail that five-year capital plan. Could something move between here or there, depending upon how long this Department of Commerce investigation goes, could we pivot to win, win instead of a particular solar installation in a given year? Yes, but we have a lot of flexibility. Scott?
Scott Lauber: No, absolutely. So we'll be looking at it and -- and as you recall, in Wisconsin, we have a two-year forward-looking test year. So that will give us an opportunity to look at 2024, any effects on the timing of the batteries and the cost of the solar as we look at putting that next part of the case together.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely, appreciate it. And then just if you can speak to this a little bit more, I mean, especially if you think about the solar net impact as well over time, like where you are within your CAGR. But I think the bigger point I wanted to bring up here is what's driving the guidance raise already and pointing to the upper end already, right? I mean just to frame it here, it's not -- it doesn't seem as if your retail sales outlook at 0.5% year-over-year growth is particularly outsized. Weather is obviously a tailwind, but O&M looks like a little bit of a drag ex the rabbi trust. Like what's driving this pivot here, if you can speak to it? And also, where are you in this long-term EPS outlook, especially net of any in solar perspective here?
Gale Klappa: All right, two points -- two pieces to the question. And the first is, essentially, the nickel raise is really the result of -- results outside of our utilities. I mean if you think about the performance of the Infrastructure segment, if you think about the penny pickup from the technology fund that we've invested in, basically, you get to about $0.05. So essentially, if you think about being on target with a strong start, but being on target for the remainder of the year for our utility earnings projections, and then you layer on what happened in the first quarter with our Infrastructure segment and with the pickup from the Energize Fund, I mean basically, there was no reason not to raise guidance by $0.05. So that was the thinking essentially as we raise the range. And again, we expect to come in at the top end of that range. And then longer term, as I said in the prepared remarks, we still believe we're at 6% to 7% earnings per share growth for the longer term. And again, no need to issue equity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And it seems like, as you said, you took the words out of my mouth or the next clarification. The energy infrastructure is tracking well above expectations. It was above expectations for 1Q and really the delta here for the balance of the year, which would be accruing that into the energy in front, not as if there's some further offset through the course of the year that would impact the infrastructure segment?
Gale Klappa: You are correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research.
Michael Sullivan: Yes, sorry to beat a dead horse here, but just sticking kind of with some of the solar questions to start off. I guess first, can you just clarify when you say line of sight on production and delivery, does that mean you physically have the panels for your near-term projects? And then also if we could just get a little more color on what exactly is going on, on the battery side of things? I wasn't quite following what's causing the delays there.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Sure. We'll be happy to do that, and Scott can provide you with some detail as well. But let me just start out by saying this. We have, as Scott mentioned, a plan, the first project, which is the first project we mentioned, which is the very nearest term one, which is Badger Hollow II. We got a plan. We know where the solar panels are. We are confident in the schedule. So, that's really pretty clear. On Paris, which really got approved just very recently, there, we have clear sight on our production schedule and a delivery schedule and a clear sense given precedent that there won't be a customs problem. Scott, do you want to add on to that?
Scott Lauber: No, that's exactly -- we've talked through this quite a bit, walking through the details on logistics. And looking at our time frame, the sites are getting ready right now. So, it's just a matter of delivery of the panels. And like Gale said, we laid out the delivery and still feel comfortable with that beginning of the year, mid-year 2023 for the completion of those two sites on the solar aspect. As we look into the batteries, the batteries across the country has just been a little more volatile on trying to get the delivery and production of those batteries delivered to a site. So, we're just very cautious retook through more of the details. We first wanted to work through the solar aspects of it, and that will go after the batteries and lay out on schedule for those.
Gale Klappa: And Scott is right into all that in perspective, if you look at our five-year capital plan and the 2023 spending, so the 2023 spending on batteries that was in the five-year plan, the 2023 spending on batteries is like 1% of our $17.7 billion capital plan. So, it's not going to move the needle significantly one way or another. Is that helpful, Michael?
Michael Sullivan: That is, if I could just follow on there. In terms of the cost of things, I think you mentioned a little bit of fluidity there, too, but maybe if you can just level set on what you saw for some of your most recent solar projects and then where things are tracking at least as of right now on some of the nearer-term ones?
Gale Klappa: Yes. For the future solar projects, Scott, it wouldn't surprise me to see a 30% to 40% increase compared to what we've been seeing in the past.
Scott Lauber: Correct. Correct. And remember, the first solar projects we put in were extremely at a low rate, the $1,300 a kilowatt. So, those first two projects we put in about $1,300 a kilowatt hour. The next ones are going up a little bit more probably in the shorter term, probably 20% to 30% and then Gale in the longer term, probably in 30% to 40%.
Gale Klappa: And battery pricing, as Scott said, has been a bit less predictable and kind of all over the place. So, we'll see how the battery situation shakes out. But I hope that gives you some sense of what we're seeing on the solar side.
Michael Sullivan: Yes, super helpful. If I could just squeeze one more in, shifting over to the rate case, is there precedent in Wisconsin for the limited rate reopener that you're asking for in 2024? Just trying to jog my memory a little bit there?
Gale Klappa: Yes, there's certainly ample press for a limited reopener, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Unfortunately, I'm going to ask you for your sort of thoughts and views as an industry leader on, how this investigation actually goes? I mean, what are you hearing and what do you think the Department of Commerce is headed here? Gale Klappa's views.
Gale Klappa: Oh, gosh. Well, that on a dime won't get you much at Starbucks, but I'll be happy to give you my opinion. I do think that there's going to be a significant amount of pressure on the Department of Commerce. You're seeing it already. I think a letter went to the Department of Commerce either Friday or today signed by 26 senators, basically saying, Look, Department of Commerce, this is really messing up the industry in the U.S. So please get on with the investigation, try not to take nine months. My sense is that the Department of Commerce will be thorough. It's their duty to be thorough, but my sense is, given the real need, I mean, 85% or more of solar panels, utility-scale solar panels that are produced are coming from outside the United States. So that just gives you a sense of the magnitude of the issue and the potential impact of the delay. So my sense is the Department of Commerce will probably -- they have a duty to be thorough, but I'm guessing that they might speed up the review process to the extent they can, and we'll just have to see where they go. It could the industry stand more tariffs, nobody would like it, but potentially that might be the case. I think it is really unpredictable as to where the DOC will eventually go. But this is a very important energy security issue for the United States. So my sense is there will be a balanced decision. And I think you could also see -- if worse comes to worst, you could also see some executive action out of the way house. So too early to give you anything more definitive than that other than I think there will be a continued drumbeat to conclude one way or another, this investigation thoroughly, but as soon as possible. Durgesh, I hope that helps.
Durgesh Chopra: That helps tremendously, thanks Gale. And just one quick clarification, the 30% to 40% increase that you just mentioned, I think, in response to an earlier question, that is before any additional tariffs are put in place. Am I correct about that? And would be what could be the implications of additional tariffs, if I can answer that question? Or maybe it's too early.
Gale Klappa: I think for the second part of the question, it's probably too early, Durgesh, But the short answer is yes. The 30% to 40% we were quoting is before any impact of the Department of Commerce investigation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Well wishes to Beth, and thank you for having me. Just want to start off, I guess, -- we've talked a lot about the potential solar delays here, as you noted. And maybe just wondering, if we could in a little bit more about reserve margins in your service territory and the outlook there. Had you noted demand continues to grow? There's coal retirements. There could be delays with the star and batteries being delayed. And just wondering, I guess, how you think about reserve and risk?
Gale Klappa: Well, it's a great question, and you probably saw the information released by MISO just a few days ago about concern about this coming summer even in terms of potential capacity shortfalls, particularly if there's a warmer than normal summer. And as Scott mentioned in his remarks, obviously, and we continually do this, but obviously, we have to relook at our capacity situation. We have retirements on tap in -- as part of this five-year plan. So nothing definitive yet, but we will certainly have to relook our capacity situation. I think in Wisconsin, certainly for this summer, I think we're in reasonably good shape. But actually, Scott and Xia and I were talking about this earlier. The fact that MISO is signaling a potential concern, not only potential concern, but a real concern about reliability and potential outages in a hot summer in the Midwest. It kind of doesn't surprise us because of what we've been seeing. You may have heard me say over the last few years, a couple of years in particular, that even on temperature days in Wisconsin, we were being asked by MISO to run our units at full capacity for lengthy, lengthy periods of time to help keep energy in balance to meet demand in the MISO market. So we kind of saw this potential shortfall coming, and we'll see how it goes. Again, I think for Wisconsin, we're in reasonably good shape. I'm guessing we'll be producing a lot of energy that will be fed into the grid to help keep things stable this summer, which is a good thing for us, obviously. But in the longer term here, we have to see the length of the delays, any issues with battery production and delivery. And as Scott said, we will continually relook at our capacity situation. And I hope that helps, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Yes, that is helpful there. And then maybe just pivoting towards sales a little bit here. As it relates to retail electric sales growth, could you provide more color, I guess, on the drivers between the delta with your initial expectations versus what was achieved in the quarter? And do you see retail growth projection higher at this point? Just wondering, if you could provide a bit more color there on how your outlook might have changed as it relates to those sales?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think I'm going to let Scott and Xia give you some more detail. From my standpoint, the longer-term outlook is unchanged. I mean you really can't move your expectations based on one quarter, particularly a quarter where it was colder than normal. Weather normalization is an art, not a science. So, we give our best estimate of what's weather normal and what's not. But I think, at least, Scott, from my opinion, the backdrop and strength of the manufacturing sectors in Wisconsin is a big driver for us.
Scott Lauber: No, you're exactly right. So two items, really, when I look at the data, you see that large manufacturing in the -- in our sector or in our company, we track about 17 sectors, a couple of them in the manufacturing. We're seeing that as being very positive. In addition, this quarter, although it is just one quarter, that small commercial industrial was ahead of our forecast. So just business is getting back open, even opening more than we anticipated where the pandemic loss, et cetera. So, they've been growing pretty well here. So really happy to see that small commercial going and the large industrial was positive, particularly in the manufacturing sector. So, overall, I'm very happy with where the sales are coming in.
Gale Klappa: And I'll add one anecdotal thing. We joke that our EV penetration doubled when Xia moved to become our CFO because she brought her Tesla with her. But I noticed yesterday, I thought this was amazing. And we have nothing in our forecast for any significant EV penetration in that five-year plan. But in the large condo building where Judy and I live north of Downtown Milwaukee, they're basically 99 units, seven of those units now have EVs. That really surprised me. I just happened to pass through our underground garage yesterday, and there are seven Teslas with charging units in our own condo building. So I think, if anything, we may be conservative about the EV penetration. And we're also getting a lot of interest in our EV pilot. So that really started beginning of this year that pilot went in place. So, we're seeing a lot of good people -- a lot of good inquiries on commercial side, which I expect that, some nice load coming potentially here and then also on the residential side. So just early yet, but a good indication. The challenge is now that everyone's got to get the vehicle.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: And good luck in Boston tomorrow night, I'm a Yankee fan. So any time a Boston team loses, I am so happy. Just maybe two quick questions. One of them, obviously, a lot of the call delays on the solar. You talked about rising cost on some renewable projects before any impact of Department of Commerce investigation. I think the Company's plan over the years has been more of a diversified portfolio, and it's benefited a lot of the customers. Do you see any change from the regulators on the headwinds that are going on right now with renewable to maybe change the strategy that's going forward and maybe keep going for this diversified generation portfolio?
Gale Klappa: That's a great question. And I think actually, we have ongoing conversations, obviously, with policymakers particularly in Wisconsin. And I can tell you that there is -- there has been and continues to be both strong support for decarbonization. And as you know, we have some of the most aggressive decarbonization goals in the industry, but also a strong, strong support for energy security. I mean we talk with the governor's office. We talk and we can with commissioners. We talk with the state Department of Natural Resources, which is the state and to a person with all past gubernatorial administration since I've been here and with the current one, there is a strong support to do both. Yes, to carbonize, but do not take your eye off the ball. We have to have energy security. That hasn't changed, and I don't think it's going to. I think in Wisconsin, we're pretty practical. And I believe that over time, we can do both. We can decarbonize the economy. We can still provide reliable power but we can also -- we also have to do that with a variety of energy sources. And as you've heard me say, we look at everything through what I call the ARC, A-R-C, affordable, reliable, clean. It's got to be all three, but there is going to be a transition and natural gas is going to be a significant part of that transition in terms of power generation. I mean, you just cannot keep a major economy alive in trucking without the range of options that we have in our portfolio today.
Anthony Crowdell: And last one, and I apologize if I had this wrong. And maybe it's all you guys being, I guess, too customer focused if there's such a thing, I believe you filed for the same ROE request in this rate filing as you currently have. And as I've seen other utilities across the country, rate cases, maybe the last month, two months, given this inflationary environment, they've all had a significant step-up in what they're requesting for ROE. Just thoughts on the level of ROE that you guys have filed for.
Gale Klappa: We think that level of ROE is appropriate. It reflects our cost of capital. And basically, with our planning, at that level of ROE, again, with the opportunity to earn above the allowed ROE and the sharing mechanism that provides benefit to both customers and shareholders. We just think it's an inappropriate approach at this point in time and would provide us the cash flows to maintain strong credit ratings. So when we look at our -- when we look at the overall situation, we think it's the right level for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Obviously, you've got your bias at the box. I'm always going to lead with a go grid. A couple of questions for you, one on the rate proposal. If I read this right, the electric side has fuel costs embedded in it. So the gas side, can you just remind me what's happening to the customer -- the total customer bill these days, not just the base rate component of the bill? But I'm just trying to think about what's going on in Wisconsin relative to some of the neighboring states to the total bill?
Gale Klappa: Scott, Xia, you want to give that a shot?
Scott Lauber: Yes. So, the numbers that we did provide on the call the $5 to $6 a month is the total bill. It'll still below the national average and right in line with our Midwest peers as it relates -- and this does include in fuel at the time when we put the case together. But just like every year, we'll file for a fuel update and the commission has a process of updating the latest forecast on gas prices, et cetera, in the fall of each year. And that's an ongoing -- every year we go in for that. So -- but it's really -- right now, it's a very modest number at that $5 or $6. That may change a little bit when you look at that final fuel that even makes the case even better for renewables as we put more renewables in and have that fuel-free resource there.
Gale Klappa: Xia, what would you like to add?
Xia Liu: No, I think that I think Scott really covered it. Overall, we look at our reach requests and compared to the peers in the Midwest and compared to the national average, we feel really good about the overall customer impact.
Gale Klappa: And as Scott said, the $5 to $6 a month for the typical residential customer at this stage of the game does include an estimate of fuel.
Michael Lapides: The other question I had is when you are entering the year, I know asked about electricity demand. And I know there's some -- Gale, you and I have talked about at length over the years. But just curious, when you all entered the year, what was your guidance for weather normal gas demand growth? Because it seems that and one quarter doesn't make a long-term trend, but it seems that gas demand growth again is kind of surprising to the upside again?
Gale Klappa: Yes. I think going in, Scott, was a 0.3%.
Scott Lauber: 0.5%.
Gale Klappa: 0.5%. And remember, and we all discussed this with the normalization in the first quarter when it's colder than normal is not the, the best indication. On the other hand, gas sales have been very strong. I mean we see several customers still converting from oil -- fuel oil to natural gas and actually commercial and customers last year converted from coal to natural gas, getting cleaner and yet the usage is up. I do think though as you get into the fall, gas usage as -- when you think about gas costs, what you're seeing in the paper every day, people may be putting in some more insulation and looking for conservation a little bit more this year. So, we'll see, but we're -- we always want to be looking at that -- our gas growth in line with customer growth and surprise on the upside with usage.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Scott is making a great point, but I will say we continue to see -- as Scott said, we continue to see good customer growth on the gas distribution side of our business. And it really is a mixture of things. It's -- I mean, my gosh, some people have 40-year-old oil-burning furnaces. They're not putting oil burning furnaces in today. They're converting to natural gas. And then as Scott said, we have customers, industrial customers that are actually getting cleaner by switching off of their own generation and moving on to our gas distribution network. So, we see both usage growth, but also strong customer growth. In fact, in most months of last year, our gas customer growth exceeded our electric customer growth.
Michael Lapides: One last one. Just curious, what I think the earnings growth kind of annualized multiyear is for ATC, meaning for the transmission business?
Gale Klappa: And looking at that in the five-year plan, it's probably roughly 4% to 5% a year.
Xia Liu: Yes, that's about right.
Michael Lapides: Okay. So kind of in line with rate base growth?
Gale Klappa: Yes, exactly. Except, we don't have anything in there for Tranche 1 of Future 1. And you know what I'm referring to, MISO is going through a long, long planning process, which they call Future One and Future One has three tranches. So there's Tranche 1, which is now kind of creeping toward resolution, if you will. And I think MISO has said they would vote on the projects in Tranche 1 in late July, if I remember correctly. We don't really have anything in there in our five-year plan, Scott, for Tranche 1.
Scott Lauber: No, we don't have anything in our five-year plan. But when you think about it, those projects probably won't start hitting until the end of the decade. So, I mean, let's talk about the transmission, and we'll see more about it in July. But once again, it probably won't hit this year's five-year plan, maybe the next -- but the last couple of years, from ATC, we've actually seen some growth just from the renewables that are happening in the system of Wisconsin here alone.
Gale Klappa: And from upgrading aging transmission lines. So just wanted to be clear, when we said 4% to 5% asset-based growth coming out of ATC, it doesn't assume anything about Future One.
Operator: And for the last question, we have Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Gale Klappa: Not wonderful an award-winning as usual, and you're having a bad day, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Not a particularly bad just an average day. No. It's what it is. Beggars can't be choosing, but...
Gale Klappa: I thought our call would brighten your day. I don't know, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Well, it is in its own way. So, it's always sunny in Wisconsin, I guess. So actually, my transition question was asked just now. But there is this proceeding is regarding the road map to zero investigation that's been looking at of all things PBR, performance-based regulation, and affordability and energy efficiency and stuff. And I'm just wondering, since I've got you, any -- I mean, to me like they put out an order few weeks ago sort of saying that they're still sort of interested in it and they're exploring it. But do you have any thoughts about where this might lead?
Gale Klappa: I think there's a very, very deliberate process that has just begun at the Wisconsin Commission to investigate whether there are any other regulatory incentives or any other changes that could help to continue to incentivize the right kind of decarbonization, again, without compromising energy security. So, we see this as a -- as always, with Wisconsin regulation, forward-looking far-side balanced and -- but I do think they're in the very earliest stages of considering any potential alternatives. So, I wouldn't see anything, for example, that would impact our current rate case.
Paul Patterson: Okay, fair enough. We'll see what happens. I really appreciate it. And thanks so much.
Gale Klappa: You welcome. Take care. All right. Well, folks, I think that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact Beth. She won't be on mute. (414) 221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group’s conference call for Fourth Quarter and Year End 2021 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time.  Before the conference begins, I’ll remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be made available approximately two hours after the call.  And now, it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Well, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, as we review our results for calendar year 2021. First, I’d like to introduce as always the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, who’s now our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations.  As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported full year 2021 earnings of $4.11 a share. This exceeded the upper end of our most recent guidance, which was $4.07 a share. Our positive results were driven by favorable weather, solid economic recovery in our region, and our continued focus on operating efficiency. Our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong. And as we’ve discussed, this allows us to fund a highly executable capital plan without issuing equity. I would also note that the earnings we’re reporting today are quality earnings with no adjustments. Now as you know, we’ve been very active in shaping the future of clean energy. Looking back on 2021, we set some of the most aggressive goals in our industry for reducing carbon emissions. Across our generating fleet, we’re targeting a 60% reduction in carbon emissions by 2025 and an 80% reduction by the end of 2030, all from a 2005 baseline. In fact, by the end of 2030, we expect our use of coal for power generation will be immaterial. And our plan calls for a complete exit from coal by the year 2035. Of course, for the longer term, we remain focused on achieving net zero carbon emissions from power generation by 2050. Now, we all recognize that advances in technology will be needed to decarbonize the economy by 2050 and hydrogen, of course, could be a key player, a key part of the solution in the decades ahead. To that end, we announced last week, one of the first hydrogen power pilot programs of its kind in the United States. We are joining with the Electric Power Research Institute to test hydrogen as a fuel source at one of our newer natural gas powered units located in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The project will be carried out this year, and the results will be shared across the industry to demonstrate how the use of hydrogen could materially reduce carbon emissions. Switching gears now, we’re driving forward on our $17.7 billion ESG progress plan, the largest five year plan in the company’s history. The plan is focused on efficiency, sustainability, and growth. One of the highlights is the planned investment in nearly 2400 megawatts of renewable capacity over the next five years, these renewable projects will serve the customers of our regulated utilities here in Wisconsin. Overall, we expect the ESG progress plan to support average growth in our asset base of 7% a year driving earnings growth, dividend growth and dramatically improved environmental performance. In summary, we believe we’re poised to deliver among the very best risk-adjusted returns our industry has to offer. And now let’s take a brief look at the regional economy. We saw a promising recovery throughout 2021, despite the prolonged pandemic. The latest available data show Wisconsin’s unemployment rate down at 2.8%; folks, that’s a record low and more than a full percentage point below the national average. Importantly, jobs in the manufacturing sectors across Wisconsin have returned to pre pandemic levels and major economic development projects are moving full steam ahead. Haribo, the gummy bear company is now recruiting workers at its brand new campus in Pleasant Prairie. Komatsu has begun relocating employees to its new state-of-the-art Milwaukee campus. Milwaukee Tools’ downtown office tower is set to begin operations this month. And we see more growth ahead. For example, ABB, a global industrial and technology company, and Saputo, a leading dairy products company, have announced plans for major expansions in our region.  And finally, you’ve heard the phrase a rising tide lifts all boats? Well, I’m pleased to report that one of the most celebrated luxury boat makers in the world, Grand-Craft Boats is relocating its operations from Michigan to the Milwaukee region. You know, JLo, George Clooney, Robert Redford, they’re among the high profile clients of Grand-Craft, so it’ll be interesting to see who shows up, you know, below deck at our next Analysts Day. Bottom line, we remain optimistic about the strength of the regional economy, and our outlook for long-term growth.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott for more details on our utility operations and our infrastructure segment. Scott, all yours. 
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Looking back, we made significant progress in 2021. I’ll start by covering some developments in Wisconsin. As Gale mentioned, we’re continuing to make progress on the transition of our generation fleet in our ESG progress plan. I am pleased to report that our Badger Hollow 1 Solar project is now providing energy to our customers. You’ll recall that we own 100 megawatts of this project in Southwest Wisconsin. We have also made progress on the construction of Badger Hollow 2. Currently, we expect an in service date in the first quarter of 2023. This factors in a delay of approximately three months, due to ongoing supply chain constraints. We do not expect a material change in the construction costs. In addition, the Public Service Commission has approved our plans to build two liquefied natural gas storage facilities in the southeastern part of the state. Construction has started and we plan to bring the facilities into service in late 2023 and mid-2024. We expect this project to save our customers approximately $200 million over time and help ensure reliability during Wisconsin’s coldest winters.  And we recently signed our first contract for renewable natural gas or RNG for our gas distribution business. We’ll be tapping into the output of one of our large local dairy farms. The gas supplied each year will directly replace higher emission methane from natural gas that would have been entered our pipes. This one contract alone represents 25% of our 2030 goal for methane reduction. The Wisconsin-based company US Gain is planning to have RNG flowing to our distribution network of the end of this year.  The Commission also approved the development of Red Barn, a wind farm in southwestern part of the state. We expect our Wisconsin public service utility to invest approximately $150 million in this project and for it to qualify for production tax credits. When complete, it’ll provide WPS with 82 megawatts of renewable capacity. And just this past Monday, we filed an application with the Commission for approval to acquire a portion of the capacity from West Riverside Energy Center. West Riverside is a combined cycle natural gas plant owned by Alliant Energy. If approved, Wisconsin Public Service would acquire 100 megawatts for approximately $91 million. That’s the first of two potential option exercises. We expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2023. Looking forward, we expect to file a rate review for Wisconsin Utilities by May. We have no other rate cases planned at this time. Turning now to our infrastructure segment. The 190 megawatt Jayhawk Wind Farm located in Kansas began service in December. We invested approximately $300 million in this project. Overall, we have brought six projects online in our infrastructure segment, representing more than 1000 megawatts of capacity. And as you’ll recall, we expect the Thunderhead Wind Farm to come online for the second quarter, and the Sapphire Sky by the end of this year. Including these two projects, we plan to invest a total of $1.9 billion in this segment over the next five years and we remain ahead of plan.  And with that, I’ll turn things back to Gale. 
Gale Klappa: Scott. Thanks so much. We’re confident that we can deliver our earnings guidance for 2022. We’re guiding, as you know, in a range of $4.29 a share to $4.33 a share. The midpoint for $4.31 represents growth of 7.5% from the midpoint of our original guidance last year. And you may have seen the announcement that our Board of Directors, at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7.4%. We believe this increase will rank in the top decile of our industry. This also marks the 19th consecutive year that our company will reward shareholders with higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings, we are right in the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share.  Next up, Xia will provide you with more detail on our financial results and our first quarter guidance. Xia? 
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Turning now to earnings. Our 2021 result of $4.11 per share increased $0.32 or 8.4% compared to 2020. Our earnings package includes a comparison of 2021 results on page 17. I’ll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, we grew our earnings by $0.10 compared to 2020. First, weather added $0.04, mostly driven by colder winter weather conditions compared to 2020. Second, continued economic recovery drove a $0.09 increase in earnings. This reflected stronger weather normalized electric sales as well as the resumption of late payment and other charges.  Let me give you some highlights on our weather-normalized retail sales. Overall, retail delivery of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine were up 2.6% compared to 2020. We saw a continued economic rebound in 2021 in our service territory. Small commercial and industrial electric sales were up 4.4% from 2020 and large commercial and industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine were up 5.1%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin were relatively flat, excluding gas used for power generation. Lastly, rate relief and additional capital investment contributed $0.14 to earnings and lower day-to-day O&M drove a $0.03 improvement. These favorable factors were partially offset by $0.17 of higher depreciation and amortization expense, and a net $0.03 reduction from fuel costs and other items. Overall, we added $0.10 year-over-year from utility operations. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company decrease $0.02 per share year-over-year. The positive impact of additional capital investment was more than offset by two factors, a 2020 full quarter that benefited 2020 earnings and an impairment that we booked in the fourth quarter of 2021 on an investment outside of the ATC service territory. This substantially wrote off all of the goodwill on the project. Earnings at our energy infrastructure segment improved $0.06 in 2021. This was mostly related to production tax credit from the Blooming Grove and Tatanka Ridge Wind Farms. Finally, we saw an $0.18 improvement in the corporate and other segment. Lower interest expense contributed $0.07 year-over-year. Also we recognized a $0.04 gain from our investment in the fund devoted to clean energy infrastructure and technology development. The remaining positive variance related to improved rabbi trust performance and some favorable tax and other items. In summary, we improved on our 2020 earnings by $0.32 per share. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6, net cash provided by operating activities decreased $163 million. The increase in cash earnings was more than offset by working capital requirements, mostly related to higher natural gas prices. As we resume normal collection practices in this spring, we expect working capital to improve throughout the year. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $2.4 billion in 2021. This represents a $471 million decrease compared to 2020, due primarily to the timing of the in-service date of Thunderhead Wind Farm. Turning now to financing activities, we opportunistically refinanced over $450 million of holding company debt during the fourth quarter. This reduced the average interest rate of these notes from 4.5% to 2.2%. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to strong credit quality. Adjusting for the impact of voluntary pension contribution and the year-over-year increase in working capital, our FFO-to-debt was 15.7% in 2021. Finally, let’s look at our guidance for sales and earnings. For weather normalized sales in Wisconsin, we’re expecting 0.5% growth this year in both our electric and natural gas businesses, continued growth after a very strong year. In terms of 2022 earnings guidance, last year, we earned $1.61 per share in the first quarter. We project first quarter 2022 earnings to be in the range of $1.68 per share to $1.70 per share. This forecast assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. And as Gale stated, for the full year 2022, we are reaffirming our annual guidance of $4.29 to $4.33 per share.  With that, I’ll turn it back to Gale. 
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you so much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders.  Operator, we’re now ready to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Gale Klappa: Rock’n’roll Shar, how are you doing today?
Shar Pourreza: How are you doing, Gale? All good. 
Gale Klappa: We’re good. We’re good. Yeah.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. So just, Gale, I know this seems like a perennial topic at this point but any sort of thoughts on the potential end of QIP in Illinois, it seems like efforts to eliminate it are getting traction yet again with obviously piece of legislation. There was a press conference on Monday. It’s scheduled to expire, so what are your thoughts here? I mean, it’s a little bit noisy. Just high level will be great.
Gale Klappa: Terrific, Shar. Thanks for the question. First of all, this is really nothing new. Each year late in the session for the past five years a bill has been introduced, very similar bills have been introduced each year for the past five years. We don’t expect any significant movement in that piece of legislation just exactly as what happened in the last five years. You are correct under current law, the QIP rider that allows us to put into basically begin earning a return on and off after new piping is put into service, that rider is scheduled by law to expire at the end of 2023, so we got a ways to go.  I would say this. We continue to try to educate and I think have had some significant success in helping most people to understand two things. First of all, the QIP rider and the way it works is actually the most cost effective way for customers to basically have us continue with a very needed pipe upgrade program. And secondly, the Illinois Commerce Commission last year, it authorized a study, as they asked us to hire an independent consulting firm called [indiscernible], which did more than a year’s work in looking at what’s needed in Chicago and they concluded that more than two-thirds, almost 80% of the remaining gas distribution pipes under Chicago have a useful life of less than 15 years. So the work has to be done. We’re doing it the most cost effective way possible, not concerned about any near term legislation. 
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. And then maybe just shifting over to the infrastructure segment, it seems like it’s been a bit of a longer time, since your last acquisition like Sapphire Sky, versus, I guess, your prior cadence. Just curious, is this sort of a symptom of anything in particular is, is there fewer opportunities or just a lot of competition supply chain, returns? Are you seeing projects maybe getting pushed out a little bit ahead of federal policy, clarity? Just maybe some thoughts there would be great.
Gale Klappa: No, I’m happy to answer that questions, Shar. First of all, as Xia mentioned and Scott, we’re way ahead of plan. 
Shar Pourreza: Right. Right. 
Gale Klappa: So Jayhawk came into service a bit early on budget. Sapphire Sky, which we announced late last year is under construction, and I expect Sapphire Sky to begin commercial operation at the end of this year. We don’t have anything particularly in the plan for this year, not because there’s a paucity of projects, as we have a robust pipeline that we’re looking at. I think some of the uncertainty over federal tax credits maybe slowing things down here, but we’re way ahead of plan. We didn’t have anything specific in this year’s plan but we continue to look, we have a robust pipeline of projects and you will see some continuing effort here. We can be, as you know, very selective because we’re so far ahead of plan.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And just one real quick modeling question, is the ATC Holdco goodwill impairment that’s in the driver slideshow? Just align me what that is? 
Gale Klappa: Yeah, I’m happy to. It’s an outside of the service area investment that years ago, the joint venture of Duke and ATC made in California, and will let Xia give you the detail.
Xia Liu: Yeah, basically, we jointly own a transmission project. We acquired that back in 2013 and we performed the normal goodwill assessment on that project and decided that it’s -- they’re prudent for us to write down the majority of the goodwill. So it’s a non-cash booking trade that we did in the fourth quarter 2021.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. And Gale, hopefully the “no adjustments” comment in your prepared remarks was understood well by the audience. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Shar. 
Shar Pourreza: Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, hey. Hey, afternoon. Thanks for the time guys. Appreciate it. And just to clarify the last question a little bit on people’s in Illinois here. I mean, when you say like there’s the CapEx spend that you have over ‘22 to ‘26 here, which obviously spans the lapsing of the current program, you’re saying that if that program were to go away here that would -- that number ballpark would stay intact?
Gale Klappa: Well, what would happen -- I mean, first of all, I think the most direct answer your question is that work is needed for safety and reliability. So we either would continue assuming that the rider was renewed by legislation post the end of 2023 or we would revert to, basically, annual rate cases. And again, if you recall, in Illinois, the Commission there uses forward-looking test periods. So, either way that works got to continue and the investment is in the range, depending upon the year of 280 million to 300 million a year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent, thank you. And then just pivoting on the transmission side here, just Cardinal-Hickory, obviously, the developments in the course last week. Just how are you thinking about options given the federal wildlife preserve, just in terms of alternate routes, timing, CapEx recovery, anything you could share there?
Gale Klappa: Sure, happy to and for those who might not have been following Cardinal-Hickory, there is some activity in the courts with an environmental group challenging the permits that were issued by the US Fish and Wildlife Service, by the Iowa Public Service Commission, by the Wisconsin Public Service Commission. So there have been multiple permits that would allow this more than 100 mile line to be built, coming out of Iowa into Southwestern Wisconsin, and then working its way over to the Madison area. So that’s essentially a little more than 100 mile line. And to show you how long these projects take, that project was first envisioned and first discussed in 2011, so construction has been underway, essentially, in the Iowa portion. The portion in question where the permits are being challenged is in the southwestern part, it’s an environmentally sensitive part of the southwestern section of the state of Wisconsin. It’s called the Driftless Area. American Transmission Company, and again, this is partially owned, this line will be partially owned by ITC, ATC and the Dairyland Power Cooperative. The ATC portion, no one has questioned of the permits for that section of the line. So we’ll see how all of this works out in court. But long story short, the Wisconsin Commission has reiterated the need for the line and reiterated their belief that the approval was appropriate and needed. We’ll see how all this works out in court. At the end of the day, that line is an important part of moving renewable energy across the Midwest and into Wisconsin. So at the end of the day, I’m confident something positive will come out of this, maybe a bit delayed, but we’ll see what happens in the courts. I hope that helps, Julien. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, absolutely. It’s good color. Well, I’ll leave it there guys. Thank you again, and best of luck and hope to see you guys soon. 
Gale Klappa: Sounds good. Thanks, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Jeremy Tonet of JP Morgan.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Jeremy.
Rich Sunderland: Hi, it’s actually Rich Sunderland on for Jeremy. Can you hear me? 
Gale Klappa: I can. What have you done with Jeremy?
Rich Sunderland: Jeremy is sorry to miss but I’m happy it is time for me today. Just may be starting around the load growth expectation for 2022. You’re curious on the key drivers there and really how you think about realized recovery from the pandemic in 2021, maybe how much conservatism is baked in there for the ‘22 outlook.
Gale Klappa: We’re going to let Scott handle that for you. He and Xia on top of those details. I will say this, though, we’re coming off of -- just as a reminder, we’re coming off a very strong recovery in 2021 and we see continued growth in 2022. Scott, particularly, at least I was impressed by the numbers related to the small C&I segment. 
Scott Lauber: You’re exactly right, Gale. In fact, when we go back and Xia and I look at our forecasts compared to what happened in 2021, we were right on with residential, it hit exactly on. The positive surprise was in small commercial and large commercial. So, we came in almost -- our original forecast was about 1.3% growth, we came in at 2.5 at a retail less mine. So, very happy with the growth that we saw. And as you look at it, we continue, in 2022, to expect residential as people can start coming back to work and you’re starting to see more and more people return to work, residential will go down a little bit. And then that small commercial to grow continuing to expand in there and then once again, large commercial, we almost have a 2% growth in that large commercial sector. So we’re seeing really, really good growth and you can see, as you look at our longer-term plan, a lot of good economic growth that Gale talked about on the call, so a lot of good economic growth comes in here too.
Rich Sunderland: Thanks, appreciate the color there. And then maybe pivoting to this new pilot program in Michigan, what’s the long-term target for blending and how do you think about this program in the context of your entire fleet?
Gale Klappa: You’re speaking, I believe, of the hydrogen pilot program that we’re going to undertake in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan at one of our newer RICE units. And just to put all of that in context for everyone, the RICE units, it’s a technology that’s been well proven, fueled by natural gas modular technology, if you will, does not require water permit. I mean, these are really advanced state-of-the-art power generation facilities and the project is really a pilot project. It’s being designed right now. We will actually test burn hydrogen in a mix with natural gas up to 25% hydrogen, 75% natural gas and this project will actually be in the field in the fourth quarter of 2023. We with the Electric Power Research Institute will then analyze the results and, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the results will be shared across the industry. We’re optimistic that this pilot program are the first of its kind in the US will demonstrate that hydrogen, with that particular technology, the RICE unit technology could be a major player going forward in decarbonizing the economy.
Rich Sunderland: Great. Thank you for the time today. 
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the mind of Neil Carlson of Wells Fargo Securities.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Neil.
Neil Carlson: Hi, everybody. Hello. 
Gale Klappa: Neil, are you getting snow or ice? Where you are? 
Neil Carlson: We’re getting a lot of it and I’m watching all my neighbors, and my wife and son shoveling the driveway right now, so I’m feeling pretty good about this. I am wining.
Gale Klappa: I just got a text from your wife, it said, you dog.
Neil Carlson: Yeah, bad back. I can’t do things anymore. So anyway, just a question on the solar. So obviously, Badger Hollow, it gets flipped a little bit, understandable given all the other supply chain issues, etc. But you’ve got quite a bit more solar in the plan, as we look out over the next few years. And I’m curious if you’re -- if there’s any – at this point, any reason to be concerned about costs or timing, from what you’re seeing right now, as it relates to the additional, I think, 1300 megawatts that you plan to do over time?
Gale Klappa: Yeah, great question, Neil. I think the short answer is with what we’re seeing for 2022 and what we have under contract, no significant issues of and perhaps some timing. Down the road, Scott, your thoughts?
Scott Lauber: Yeah, down the road, I mean, we’re definitely watching, steel prices for the infrastructure and also the solar panels. But, as you look at natural gas prices, also, as those prices go up, the economics are still there. So I’m not -- we expect that some of the costs will rise and we’re monitoring it very closely, as you can imagine, but I don’t think it’s going to change your plan.
Gale Klappa: Okay, I agree with Scott. And, Neil, one other point, the drive to decarbonize the economy is not abating in any way, shape, or form. So, we continue to see those investments as both needed and expected, as we go down the road.
Neil Carlson: Perfect. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Neil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Durgesh. How are you doing? 
Durgesh Chopra: I’m doing… I’m doing well. Thanks for asking. Thank you for taking my question also. Xia, just this is a modeling question, the $0.04, the gain on clean energy fund, can you just elaborate on that? And then what quarter was that gain? And then I’m assuming you’re not sort of modeling anything for 2022? That’s a multi-part question, I’m sorry.
Xia Liu: That’s okay. The, I think, on the second quarter call, I mentioned that we booked $0.03 of gain in the second quarter, then we picked up another penny in the fourth quarter, so $0.04 for the whole year. And when we develop the financial plan, we don’t try to build any expectations of anything like similar like investment games like this. But if the market continues to point to the right -- point in the right direction and if we end up having more games, we’ll be happy to book those but we don’t count on those going forward.
Gale Klappa: Sounds right, we’d be delighted to book more gains. I think this was from a revaluation, if you will, of one particular investment in the fund that is -- these funds, as you know, investing in clean technology, some of them hit, some of them don’t. This one hit very, very well and with the new round of funding and with the valuation, it was perfectly appropriate to revalue our investment.
Durgesh Chopra: Awesome, thank you for that color. And then just maybe, your peers on a call today talked about, just want to sort of be interested in your progress and actually your execution and your capital plan for ‘21. Your peers mentioned some supply chain concerns and that to put some of their newer projects out. Just wondering, are you seeing any of those pressures and how do you actually do in 2021 versus your targeted CapEx plan?
Gale Klappa: Well, I will ask Scott to give you his view as well. The one impact we had was really more from COVID than it was from supply chain. And that was a large solar farm, a large solar field called Badger Hollow 1 and that got delayed. It’s now in service. That got delayed several months and it was a decision that we helped to make. At the point where we were deep in the pandemic and 2021, to continue the construction apace, we would have had to bring in about 150 crew people from outside the state to continue the construction at that point in time. In the middle of the pandemic, we thought that was really not a very good idea. So we agreed to a schedule delay, but Scott, no significant cost delay at all and that’s now behind us. 
Scott Lauber: No, that’s exactly correct. And everything else for 2021, our supply chain worked with our vendors to get everything in line. And we’ve had a practice here for several years that we are ordering some of the long lead time materials a year, year and a half at a time for some of these major projects to make sure we have it, so. And then the only other item was just what we mentioned in our prepared remarks, whereas Badger Hollow 2, we see about a three month delay right now, but no significant cost at this time.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Thank you guys. Much appreciate the time. 
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome. Thank you, Durgesh. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Michael Sullivan of Wolfe Research.
Gale Klappa: Michael, how’s your IT department? 
Michael Sullivan: Oh, yes. Fantastic.
Gale Klappa: You might kind of reiterate no change in your rating, right, Michael? 
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. He got to go. Yeah the first question maybe just, if you could give us a sense of what the clean O&M savings number was for 2021 and what you’re embedding in ‘22 guidance. 
Gale Klappa: Happy to do and Xia has got it right in front of her. Xia?
Xia Liu: So for the full year 2021 we ended with 1.6%, down year-over-year compared to 2020. So we guided earlier in the year 2% to 3% and we’re right in that range. And what was – you had a second part of your question. 
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. What are assuming in ‘22? 
Xia Liu: Yeah, for 2022, we guide flat to 1% reduction from 2021.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. 
Gale Klappa: And Michael, I’m sorry, I’m sure you recognize this, but in light of the general inflation in the economy, we think that’s really, really strong performance, we’re very pleased about the plan we have in place to deliver what Xia is discussing.
Michael Sullivan: Got it. Okay. And just curious if you could give any latest thoughts on where you think things might go with the pending issue at FERC as it relates to the RTO adder.
Gale Klappa: My own guess, and this is just a guess, but my own view is the RTO rider is probably history, but to be replaced by something else, perhaps an incentive type mechanism. I’m guessing that RTO rider, as we’ve known, it probably won’t survive. However, very important point, we have not assumed the continuation at all of the RTO rider in our forecast for 2022 earnings.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. That’s great. Thanks and sorry, just one last one. It may be -- it looks like the FFO-to-debt metric ticked down a little bit year-over-year. Should we think about that as kind of stabilizing around that, 15% -- 15.7%, I think, where it came out as a go forward target?
Gale Klappa: Xia, your view? 
Xia Liu: Yeah, we target the 15% to 16% measured by Moody’s and S&P, so this is right in that neighborhood and as I said in the prepared remarks, the dip is really driven by year-over-year change of working capital and then that’s largely attributed to higher natural gas prices, so we expect that to recover. And we also made a voluntary pension contribution in 2021. So overall, I think we’re right in the target range for FFO to debt.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thank you very much. 
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Michael. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel of Scotiabank.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Andrew. 
Andrew Weisel: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Most of them have been answered. I just want to follow up a little bit on the upcoming Wisconsin rate case. Two quick ones. First is do you see any potential for yet another stakeout or agreement to keep rates unchanged. I don’t mean to be greedy, you’ve done a great job managing the customer bills, just wondering strategically if you want to extend the stay out or if you feel it’s time to have a conversation with regulators and intervenors, like you do every so often?
Gale Klappa: It’s a great question, Andrew and I think unanimously, we believe it’s time to reset, if you will. Number of moving parts that are in our thinking and first of all, as you recall, we’ve announced the retirement of four older coal fired units at our Oak Creek site. These are 1960s vintage units and we’ve announced the retirement of the first two of those four in 2023, and the second two of the four in 2024. So there’ll be retirement there, there’ll be cost savings there and we really have been out of a rate case for so long that it’s really just time to step back and reset. And I think every -- the commission staff, the intervenors, I think we all believe it’s just time to take a thorough review again, and we’re looking forward to that. Scott?
Scott Lauber: It’s going to be a very straightforward rate case. I mean, when you look at our capital investments that we’ve made, the capital investments, and the majority of them, I think, when you look at what’s already been approved and at commission right now, that’s about 60% or a little over 60% of the rate base. And then you even add in new services and other reliability capital, almost all of this has been approved or great capital additions for reliability or decarbonizing the environment. So, it’s going to be a pretty straightforward rate cases, as you see us pull the final numbers together here in the next couple of months.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. And not to get ahead of that, but are you able to give us any kind of high level guess of what it might do to rates, directionally or qualitatively?
Gale Klappa: Stay tuned. We’re pulling everything together, the filing is due by May 1, so we’ll certainly have a good conversation with you in advance of that. Yeah. 
Scott Lauber: And I think the other thing to remember is, this is a place where you do two-year forward-looking rate cases. So a lot of our capital projects and you see that capital spending, it’s going to come in over two years, just like Gale mentioned, the retirement of those plants are over two years. So we’ll factor that into, so it will be a multi-year filing we do here. 
Gale Klappa: Very straightforward case, though. We wouldn’t expect of being to have anything as dramatic in terms of it. It is not a case about higher O&M. As Scott said, this is a case about capital, much of which will have already been approved capital needed for reliability and for decarbonization.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. And just a quick follow up. Is it too early to talk about performance base rate making in this upcoming case?
Gale Klappa: Yeah. And I’m glad you asked. For those of you who have not followed it, perhaps quite as closely, the Commission did have an informational hearing about -- just about the concept of performance-based rate making. That hearing came out of more than a year’s worth of work of the Governor’s task force, looking at climate change, looking at decarbonisation, looking at what initiatives the state might put in place. But I think it’s very clear from the informational hearing, that any changes in the process for putting rates in place in Wisconsin is going to be deliberate, it’s going to be thoroughly thought through and I would not expect that to have any impact on our upcoming rate review.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very helpful. Thank you. 
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome. By the way, before we go to the next caller, I just got a text from one of your brother and he says, given your performance, nobody’s asking the most important question, Will Aaron Rodgers be back in Green Bay next year? The answer to that is I don’t know but [indiscernible] is still with us for the bucks and rock and roll.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and I’ll leave my John Moran props at home for now.
Gale Klappa: There you go.
Michael Lapides: Really nice night in New York last night. Real quick, just thinking about gas demand, if I go back over the last several years, kind of three, four years or so. Weather normalized gas to me in Wisconsin was actually pretty elevated, I can even go back five years. And now this year, you’re forecasting about 0.5%. And then if I look at your November slide deck, you’ll kind of forecast I think it’s around point 0.7% to 1% demand growth. Can you just talk to us a little bit about the trajectory, meaning why coming down off that kind of -- yeah, first of all, what led to the abnormal kind of that three percentage plus range from a couple years ago and that lasted for several years? And then down to 0.5% now kind of as we’re coming out of COVID, but then re-ramping back up.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. And Scott and I will both take a shot at that. Good question, Michael. The easy question and the first piece is, what happened? Why did we not see growth in weather normal gas demand during this past year during 2021? And as we looked at the data, I think the answer it really pops out from the data and that is the effect of the pandemic. If you think about the most dramatically impacted segment of our customer base for the pandemic, it’s small commercial and industrial customers, many of those premises were just closed during huge swaths of the pandemic. And so they weren’t -- think about the restaurants that weren’t cooking, think of the stores that were completely closed and not heated to the normal level. So clearly, the impact of the pandemic tempered the growth in customer demand for natural gas. But we still think we’re going to see a growth trajectory. And Scott, we’re still seeing strong customer growth. 
Scott Lauber: Yeah, that’s exactly right. And when we look at it, we’re looking at strong customer growth, about 0.5%, maybe 0.7%. And you can imagine we’re factoring in that prices stay a little bit higher, conservation will continue and products will continue to become efficient. So looking forward, we’re still assuming that 0.5% in the future will be at 0.7% to 1%. So, good growth. And to Gale’s point, remember, the pandemic started in about March, so last year there’s two months that weren’t reflected in the previous year when the pandemic -- we didn’t have a pandemic, so that’s also why 2021 was a little weaker, because of just the timing of the pandemic. 
Xia Liu: Yeah, I would just add that, Michael, that we came pretty much on top of our forecast last year. So we guided that way, so we came out exactly what we thought it would happen last year.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then just following question, like, if I look at 2020 and 2021, earnings, both years actually would have been a higher number, if I backed out the kind of roughly the $0.08 of debt extinguishment costs that showed up in each year. So, the earnings number, like a lot of companies consider that non-recurring and I respect the fact that you don’t back things in and out when you kind of stick with GAAP. But if I think about it, that is something that probably isn’t going to happen in 2022 or 2023; I may be wrong there. So it implies the base would have actually been higher meaning the ‘21 starting point or the ‘20 starting point, but the growth rate into ‘22 and ‘23 would actually be a little bit lower just because the starting point is higher. Am I just kind of thinking about that, right? Or they’re -- are you looking at the debt tranches at the Holdco and saying, hey, look, I’m going to have other re-financings and I’ll probably incur other similar like costs. Are there other moving parts, I’m not considering?
Gale Klappa: Mike I am going to ask Xia to answer the question about the Holdco debt. Let me if I can respond, though, a little bit more broadly. Of course, there are a number of moving pieces in any given year. But as you know, some companies in our industry basically adjust their way to a high growth rate, we don’t do that. And, I’m glad you’re asking the question, because I think the quality of our earnings and the fact that we don’t adjust our way to a higher growth rate, I think that’s a differentiator for us. I mean, I really do and it shows up in things like cash flows, it shows up in things like dividend growth. And so what we’re reporting, I mean, we don’t nickel and dime you to death, with little adjustments here and there just to hit a growth rate. What we’re reporting is high quality and real and GAAP. And with that, I’ll get off my soapbox and let Xia respond.
Xia Liu: Michael, I wouldn’t just pick out that one item and readjust whatever you’re trying to adjust because to Gale’s point, we’re very much focused on the quality of earnings. If we see favorable weather, we see stronger economic recovery than what we originally forecasted. If we also have some favorable tax resolution happen in 2020, in the year, we will remain opportunistic about debt refinancing and just to take advantage of the development. So I think that’s just the normal course of what we do to manage throughout the year, so I wouldn’t take one item out and adjust it out at all.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: Take care of Michael.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Gale Klappa: Paul, you changed your last name? Did you?
Paul Patterson: No. That’s called misunderstanding. So a lot of my questions have been asked and answered, but and I don’t want to nickel and dime you guys to death, but just sort of a quick little follow ups here. The $0.06 for the taxes, is that -- how should we think about that going into 2022? Is there any sort of something unusual there or just how should we think about that going into 2022?
Gale Klappa: Xia, your thoughts? 
Xia Liu: Yeah. So, no, nothing unusual there. As I said in the prepared remarks that was largely driven by the production tax credit, the additional projects that we brought online. So you know that we expect a couple more projects coming online, one in the middle of the year, the other end of the year, so we expect another $0.08 of pickups from this section and the only thing I would warn you is I wouldn’t do $0.02 per quarter, because depending on the timeline and everything else, it could be skewed to one quarter versus another, but for the year, we expect another $0.08 increase. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just with the goodwill impairment, I know looks tiny to me. I mean, it looks like it’s about a penny or something maybe, but just -- I was just a little bit curious. You guys did a test and it led to a revaluation. But what caused -- what changed in order to have the test? I am just sort of -- you don’t think of the transmission project in California, like I’m just sort of curious as to what made you guys say, hey, the goodwill doesn’t apply anymore. Was there any particular event or anything near that that had that? Again I know, it’s kind of nickel and diming you guys, but I’m just sort of wondering. 
Gale Klappa: No, no problem. It was really basically a FERC ROE case that we got to FERC order and we took another look. Xia? 
Xia Liu: Yeah, so Gale mentioned one of the drivers for the year-over-year change for ATC. But if you’re just looking at the goodwill impairment, we do that every year. We look at goodwill, we do the evaluation, we look at the assumptions, including forward-looking ROE, capital expenditure opportunities, and all the assumptions around that, it just -- the most recent assessment led us to believe that the goodwill should be written off. Nothing abnormal, it’s just normal course.
Paul Patterson: Right. But that’s because basically you guys saw a lower -- because the lower ROE had been awarded, it impaired goodwill, is that how we should think about it? Do I understand you guys correctly or is it something else?
Xia Liu: No, it is capital expenditure opportunities, it is nothing unusual. So we just look at the net cash flows and terminal value and apply the different assumptions, which led to the conclusion that the goodwill should be written off. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay. Well, thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome. Happy to have your questions. 
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, I think we’ve worn you out, so thanks so much for participating in our conference call today. We appreciate all your questions and if you have any other questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka, her direct line 414-221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Take care so long for now.
Operator: Again, thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2021 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference begins, I'll remind you that all statements in the presentation other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissions could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be made available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: From Americas heartland, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As we review our results for Third Quarter of 2021. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, our President and CEO, Scott Lauber, our Chief Operating Officer, Xia Liu our Chief Financial Officer and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I'm sure you saw the announcement last week that our Board of Directors has taken the next step in our long-term succession planning. Kevin has decided to devote more time to his grandchildren and water skiing barefoot on his favorite lakes. He'll be retiring in 2022. We're delighted that Scott will assume the role of President and Chief Executive on February 1. And finally, I've agreed to continue serving as Executive Chairman until our annual stockholders meeting in 2024. Kevin and Scott, of course, have been instrumental in shaping our progress over many years. We wish Kevin all the best, and I look forward to working hand-in-hand with Scott as he takes on his new role. Now, as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported third quarter 2021 earnings of $0.92 a share. Our results were significantly better than expected, driven by warmer than normal weather, continued economic recovery in our region and our focus on operating efficiency. Our Balance Sheet, our cash flows remains strong. And as we've discussed, this allows us to fund a highly executable capital plan without issuing equity. In just a moment, we will update you on the details of our new 5 year ESG progress plan, a plan that will cover our investments in reliability and decarbonization over the period 2022 through 2026. As we've reported to you, we're well on our way to achieving some of the most aggressive goals in our industry for reducing carbon emissions. Across our generation fleet, we're targeting a 60% reduction by 2025 and an 80% reduction by 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. Importantly, we have a roadmap to reach these goals without any major advances in technology. So today, we're announcing that our use of coal will continue to decline to a level that we expect will be immaterial by the end of 2030. By the end of 2030, we expect our use of coal will account for less than 5% of the power we supply to customers. The number of you have also been asking, when can we exit coal completely? Here's the answer. We believe we will be in a position to eliminate coal as an energy source by the year 2035. The next logical question is what does this mean for the modern coal-fired units at our Oak Creek site? As you recall, these units were part of our power of the future plan and were completed only about a decade ago. While our modern units at Oak Creek will remain a key part of our fleet for many, many years to come. These power the future units rank as some of the most efficient in the country, among the top 5% of all coal-fired plants in heat rate performance over the past decade. And they're strategically as we've discussed, they are strategically located to support reliability on the Midwestern transmission grid. Fortunately, we can plan for the future of the new units at Oak Creek with fuel flexibility in mind. We've tested co-firing on natural gas at the site. So subject to the receipt of an environmental permit, we plan to make operating refinements over the next 2 years that will allow a fuel blend of up to 30% on natural gas. And then over time, we will be able to transition completely away from coal by making incremental investments in plant equipment. This would include, for example, new burners. And of course. We will need additional pipeline capacity reaching into the site. So we see a very bright and long future for the newer units at Oak Creek. And now let's take a look at the capital plan that we'll continue to shape a de -carbonizing economy. For the period 2022 through 2026, we expect to invest $17.7 billion. Our focus remains on efficiency, sustainability, and growth. This ESG progress plan is the largest capital plan on our history. An increase of $1.6 billion or nearly 10% above our previous 5-year plan. We expect this plan to support compound earnings growth of 6% to 7% a year over the next 5 years without any need to issue new equity. Will be increasing our investment in renewables for our regulated utilities from 1800 megawatts of capacity in our previous plan to nearly 2400 megawatts in this brand new plan. These carbon-free assets includes solar, wind, and battery storage. We're also dedicating more capital to hardening our electric distribution networks so that we can maintain a superior level of reliability for our customers. And investments in our gas delivery systems, and the development of renewable natural gas will support our goals for the gas distribution business as well. As a reminder, we are targeting net 0 methane emissions by 2030. To add it all up, and we have what I really believe is a premium growth plan, the projects that are driving our growth are low-risk and highly executable, and they're accelerating the transition to a clean energy future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more details on our sales results for the quarter, as well as an update on our infrastructure segment. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber : Thank you, Gale. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of September, our utilities were serving approximately 8,000 more electric customers and 15,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric, and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis, beginning on Page 13 of the earnings packet. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity excluding the iron ore mine, were up 2.4% from the third quarter of 2020 and on a weather-normal basis, were up 2.5%. We continue to see economic rebound in our service territory. For example, small commercial and industrial electric sales were up 3.5% from last year's third quarter, and on a weather-normal basis, they were up 4.2%. Meanwhile, large commercial and industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 3.8% from the third quarter of 2020, and on a weather-normal basis, were up 3.5%. Natural gas delivery in Wisconsin were up 1%. This excludes gas used for power generation. And on a weather-normal basis, natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 2.5%. Overall, our growth continues to track ahead of our forecast, as the economy continues to open up. Turning now to our infrastructure segment, our new capital plan calls for the investment of $1.9 billion between 2022 and 2026. Considering the 3 projects that are currently under development, we expect to invest an additional $1.1 billion at that time frame. As a quick reminder, we have 8 wind projects, all with long-term off-takers. Announced or in operation are our infrastructure segment. This represents approximately $2.3 billion of investments. As previously discussed, our Jayhawk Wind Farm is projected to go in service by early next year, and our Thunderhead Wind investment is projected to go in service in the first half of 2022. These timelines have been factored into our updated capital plan. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin for an update on our Utility Operations.
Kevin Fletcher : Thank you, Scott. First I'll cover some developments here in Wisconsin. I'm pleased to report that our Badger Hollow 1 Solar project is just weeks away from completion. You'll recall that we own 100 megawatts of this project in Southwest Wisconsin. For the next phase of the project, Badger Hollow 2, we now are performing civil work and grading. Our target for completing that project is the end of 2022. That date will depend on module supply, which is uncertain as we await clarity on matters before the Department of Commerce. Now, for a few regulatory updates, we expect a decision from the Wisconsin Commission shortly on our plans to build two liquefied natural gas storage facilities in the southeastern part of the state. This proposed investment would greatly enhanced customer savings and reliability during Wisconsin 's cold winters. Pending approval, we expect the facilities to enter service in late 2023. They are projected to save our WEC Energy's customers approximately $200 million over time. We also have updates on the rate reviews at 2 of our smaller utilities. The Illinois Commerce Commission unanimously approved the final order for our rate case at North Shore Gas. The order authorizes a rate increase of 4.5%, including an ROE of 9.67% and an equity ratio of 51.58%. New rates went into effect on September the 15th. And the Michigan Public Service Commission unanimously approved a settlement in our rate case for Michigan Gas Utilities. The settlement authorizes a rate increase of 6.35%, including an ROE of 9.85% and an equity ratio of 51.5%. New rates will be effective January the 1st. We have no other rate cases pending at this time. And as we look forward to the winter heating season ahead, I'm pleased to report that we are ready. We have our gas contracts in place, and our gas inventories are at our targeted levels. And with that, I'll turn it over to Xia.
Xia Liu : Thanks, Kevin. We continue to deliver quality and consistent earnings. Our 2021 third quarter earnings of $0.92 per share increased $0.08 per share compared to the third quarter of 2020. Our favorable results were largely driven by higher earning from our utility operations. Our regulated utilities benefited from the strong Economic recovery in our region. continued execution of our capital plan, and our focus on operating efficiency. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning, includes a comparison of third quarter results on Page 17. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, we grew our earnings by $0.05 compared to the third quarter of 2020. First, continued economic recovery from the pandemic and stronger weather-normalized sales drove a $0.03 increase in earnings. Also, rate relief and additional capital investment added $0.04 compared to the third quarter of 2020 and lower day-to-day O&M contributed $0.04. These favorable factors were partially offset by $0.04 of higher Depreciation and Amortization expense and $0.02 of increased fuel costs related to higher natural gas prices. It's worth noting that we estimate whether was $0.05 favorable compared to normal in the third quarters of both 2021 and 2020. Overall, we added $0.05 quarter-over-quarter from utility operations. Moving on to our investment in American Transmission Company. Earnings increased $0.01 compared to the third quarter of 2020, driven by continued capital investment. Earnings at our energy infrastructure segment improved $0.01 in the third quarter of 2021 compared to the third quarter of 2020. This was driven by production tax credit related to wind farm acquisitions. Finally, we saw a $0.01 improvement in the corporate and other segment. This increase was primarily driven by lower interest expense. In summary, we improved on our third quarter of 2020 performance by $0.08 a share. Now, I'd like to update you on some other financial items. For the full year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 13% and 14%. Excluding the benefit of unprotected taxes flowing to customers, we project our 2021 effective tax rate will be between 19% and 20%. As in past years, we expect to be a modest tax payer in 2021. Our projections show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our current capital plan. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities increased $57 million. Our increase in cash earnings in the first 9 months of 2021, more than offset the higher working capital requirements. As expected, with normal collection practices underway in all of our service territories, we made great strides in improving our working capital position in the third quarter. Total Capital expenditures and Asset Acquisitions were $1.7 billion for the first 9 months of 2021, a $129 million increase as compared with the first 9 months of 2020. This reflects our investment focus in our regulated utilities and energy infrastructure business. Looking forward, as Gale outlined earlier, we're excited about our plans to invest $17.7 billion over the next 5 years in key infrastructure. This ESG progress plan supports 7% annual growth in our asset-base. Pages 18 and 19 of the earnings package provide more details of the breakdown of the plan, which I will highlight here. As we continue to make our energy transition, nearly 70% of our capital plan is dedicated to sustainability, including $5.4 billion in renewable investments and $6.8 billion in grid and fleet's reliability. Additionally, we dedicated $2.8 billion to support our strong customer growth. We also plan to invest $2.7 billion in technology and a modernization of our infrastructure to further generate long-term operating efficiency. With our strong economic development background and our continued focus on efficiency, sustainability, and growth, we see a long runway of investment ahead. Even beyond the next 5 years. In closing, before I turn it back to Gail, I'd like to provide our guidance. We're raising our earnings guidance again for 2021 to a range of $4.05 to $4.07 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. This is the second time we're raising our guidance. If you will recall, our original guidance was $3.99 to $4.03 per share. With that, I will turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa : Xia, thank you very much. We're on track for a solid year, again, in light of our strong performance, our guidance range now stands at $4.05 to $4.07 per share. We're also tightening our projection of long-term earnings growth to a range of 6% to 7% per year. And finally, a quick reminder about our dividend. As usual, I expect our board will assess our dividend plans for next year at our scheduled meeting in early December. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're right in the middle of that range now so I expect our Dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our Earnings per Share. Overall, we're on track, focus on delivering and providing value for our customers and our stockholders. And Operator, we're now ready to open it up for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Now we will take your questions. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. If you're using a speakerphone, turn off your mute button -- mute function to allow your signal to reach our equipment. We will take as many questions as time permits. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys.
Gale Klappa : Rock and roll, Shar. How are you doing?
Shar Pourreza: Not too bad. Not too bad, Gale. Appreciate it. So just a couple of questions and Gale, when I unpacked your comments around the Oak Creek Power of The Future units because I think that's somewhat pretty material. Any estimate around capital cost to fully convert from coal to gas and what the heat rate of those units would be. I know the contracts are obviously tech -agnostic, but would shifting also base load units to essentially higher heat rate speakers have any kind of ramifications under the terms of the contracts with the unit service capacity or do you expect to run them all the time? Thanks.
Gale Klappa : Great question, Shar. And I'm going to ask Scott to give you some details as well. Let me say one thing though. I would not expect as we move through the transition at the new Oak Creek units between now and 2035. I would not expect them to run simply as speakers. They're probably going to run much more like our Port Washington units, which are highly efficient combined cycle units. So I wouldn't make the conclusion of they will run as speakers, they're very much going to be needed for reliability. No question about that. In terms of capital, I mentioned that the incremental capital Investments in the plant, and [Indiscernible] have Scott give you the details. I can tell you though that after a lot of work and a lot of analysis, we still have more to do for the long run. But after a lot of work and a lot of analysis, we are convinced that this is an economic thing to do for customers. Scott.
Scott Lauber : Sure, Gale. In retro view, look at the plant in this first step here to get to that 30%, we're looking at a very modest investment, approximately $30 million to get it to be able to run at that blend -- co-blending with some gas and a little coal. And then as you look farther out in that 2030 timeframe, 2035 timeframe, as we look at converting completely, that would be approximately a $150 million, but this is really early in that analysis and more to come as we continue to flush that out.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Thank you for that. And then just -- Gale just the $1.6 billion increase in the Capital plan is -- obviously you highlighted it's really material. It's driven by electric, maybe at the expense of energy infrastructure and gas spend, right? So as you're kind of looking on the roll-forward, electric spend is up about $2 billion and the infrastructure and gas are down around $450. Is this the broader and more sustainable strategic shift in growth focus going forward, or just a timing factor, especially as we're thinking about your plans beyond 25.
Gale Klappa : Again, a great question Shar. Let me just say this. We always start with need and our preference, obviously, is to invest in regulated assets where there is clearly a customer benefit or a customer need. So as we look at this plan, and you're right, the increases material, but as we look at this plan compared to the prior 5-year plan, and again, largest 5-year capital plan in our history at $17.7 billion. The 2 things you mentioned are correct. First of all, we will be adding a significant amount of renewables to maintain reliability as we retire older, less efficient coal-fired plants in this time frame. So the first is we have got to replace some of that capacity with carbon-free energy. So there's an increase in renewable investment -- regulated renewable investment in the plan compared to the previous 5-year plan. And then -- and this is something that we've all talked about internally and Kevin continues to point out, and he's absolutely right, we have aging distribution infrastructure. And that aging distribution infrastructure, which we've invested in, in the past. We're coming up to a period now, where there is a much greater need to replace that aging distribution infrastructure. So those are the two drivers, if you will, of the incremental change in this 5-year Capital plan versus the prior 5-year Capital plan. Does that respond to your question?
Shar Pourreza: It does, and that's super helpful, Gale. And then just lastly is just on the infrastructure segment. On that roll-forward, does the contracting spending profile -- is it indicating anything something about [Indiscernible] project returns you're seeing or pressure from input costs, or is it just really a function of limited capital flowing to newer regulated opportunities instead? So are you seeing any of these pressures in the business that others are seeing?
Gale Klappa : No. And again, we've been asked this question, as you know, before. The last one we just announced a few months ago, Sapphire Sky. Actually, our projections show having the best returns of any of the 8 projects. So we're not seeing a diminution at all in terms of potential returns or in terms of the robust nature of the pipeline. And remember, we've got 2 coming that have been announced but are not yet in service. Jayhawk and Upstream -- not Upstream. I'm sorry, Thunderhead. My James Bond Project, Thunderhead. And then in addition to that, there is still more than a $1 billion to be invested in this 5-year capital plan. So we're still very, very active and seeing the kind of positive returns that we would expect to see.
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic. Thank you for that and congrats Scott and Kevin on phase two, and Gale, don't go anywhere. You're still too young. [Indiscernible] It's appreciated.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishmann with Wolfe Research.
Gale Klappa : Greetings, Steve, how are you doing?
Steve Fleishmann: Hey, Gale, good afternoon. Hi, everyone. First of all, just on the new growth rate, the 6% to 7%, should we assume that that is based off of the initial 2021 guidance?
Gale Klappa : Yes. Yes.
Steve Fleishmann: Okay. I just wanted to know.
Gale Klappa : I'm glad you asked. The short answer is yes. And then just to kind of put some numbers around it. Historically, what we've done is looked at the midpoint of our original guidance and then give you guidance, in this case, the 6% to 7% off of that. So the midpoint of our original guidance for 2021 is like $4.01 a share.
Steve Fleishmann: Okay. Great. And then on the -- I know the spending to convert the newer Oak Creek units as relatively modest, but would that spending be recoverable under the lease structure of that law or would it be done more normal rate base. How would that work?
Gale Klappa : Now, the short answer Steve is, that we obviously have to get commission approval for any investment of that kind, but it would be under the way the lease works, it would be under the Power the Future terms.
Steve Fleishmann: Okay. And is that -- is there any chance that that could get extended if you do things to extend the period or those just have under the law said end dates.
Gale Klappa : There's a current 30-year end date from the date of operation of the new Oak Creek units for the lease. So the Commission initially set a 30-year lease period, but in the terms of the agreement with the commission, The commission has the right to extend the lease. So all of that will be -- all of that will be dealt with probably around 23 9 2040, and I know that you are still going to be doing your --
Steve Fleishmann: You're not going to be the Chairman, then. And you'll still be Chairman. Last question, and this is a broad one. I'd be curious your take on the, I guess it's the Build Back Better Infrastructure Bill and potential implications and opportunities for WEC from that and chances you think a passing.
Gale Klappa : It's such a sausage-making machine in Washington as you know but if I were a betting man, I think something will pass. And it appears as you've seen, Steve, that there is strong support for the renewable tax credit portion of that Build Back Better plan. And that seems to have stuck in every single version or every single iteration of the plan. So again, if I were embedding man, I would say that extensions of renewable tax credits will happen. And it looks like there's a strong possibility that what they call Direct Pay will occur. Now, if Direct Pay is a part of the renewable package, if you will, in that plan, then that clearly enhances our opportunities. It's good for customers, it's good for Cash Flows. It's good for the growth of our regulated business. It's good for the growth of our infrastructure segment. So I think a key to watch is not only the 10-year extension that they're talking about of production tax credits, also the flexibility on tax credits for solar, but also a big key would be the direct pay. And that would be a strong positive, and would also have a step back and look again at what is doable and what's needed here.
Steve Fleishmann: Great. Thanks so much.
Gale Klappa : You're welcome, Steve. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Smith : Hey, good afternoon team. Thanks for the time. Congratulations.
Gale Klappa : You're on the road again, Julien?
Julien Smith : Trying to stay out of that, call it what it is. I appreciate it. And congratulations again to Kevin and Scott here. If I can pick it up where perhaps [Indiscernible] left it off on the
Julien Smith : coal side. What about Weston here? You made the broader comment, not just about [Indiscernible], but about the wider nature of coal within your portfolio. Can you comment on that asset? And I have a follow-up.
Gale Klappa : Sure. I'm going to give you an answer and then I'm going to let Shar and Scott give you a little bit more detail. But the Western units, which for those of you who may not be familiar, the Western units are relatively new coal-fired units that are an integral part of Wisconsin Public Service Generation Fleet, the Company that we acquired based in Green Bay. Western is a real workhorse. And again, we may have some flexibility there that we're looking at now in terms of optionality for the Western units. Scott?
Scott Lauber : Yes, Gale. At the Western and particularly the newer units, less than 4, we have actually done some coal firing on that with some natural gas also. So we'll be evaluating that as an option as we go through the next several years here. But we do realize that it's a very critical part of the state and we want to make sure we have the reliability at that location. We're going to continue to evaluate it.
Gale Klappa : And Julien, to your question, which is a good one, and everyone should know, we have a path here to have a really significant change in our portfolio to support decarbonization and to get to aggressive environmental goals. We can do that, and we can do that without sacrificing reliability. We will not sacrifice reliability. We don't have to do that as we work through our plan.
Julien Smith : Excellent. Thank you for clarifying that. If I can ask just on the infrastructure side, just elaborate on this. You said a moment ago your Sapphire project, for instance, is amongst the best returns you had thus far in your efforts. And obviously you're relatively scaling this down. Is this more about keeping the infrastructure segment within, call it a 10% bucket of total earnings, and having effectively achieved that with this 5-year outlook, and that's what's driving a little bit of scaling back? Or conversely, is this just about being conservative and arguably whether it's Direct Pay or whether it's just simply finding opportunities that exceed that allocation that you could actually be, again, sort of exceeding these budgets?
Gale Klappa : Well, let me just say this. We're usually conservative and that won't surprise you. And I would look at what we've just laid out here for that segment of our capital spending over the next 5 years as a really strong placeholder, which we will then once we see what's in that build back better plan. We'll step back and see what opportunities it might give us. So I think the short answer to your question, and Xia is smiling and nodding her head. I think the short answer to your question is, we're being appropriately conservative today.
Julien Smith : Excellent. Sorry. Just clarifying the earlier comment on [Indiscernible] what's the FFO-to-debt improvements in [Indiscernible], if you can quantify that at all?
Gale Klappa : I'm sorry, you broke up Julien and can you ask that one more time.
Julien Smith : Sorry the Balance Sheet -- under the plant today, how much better would your credit metrics get. As if you have any sense on that, obviously there's a lot of assumptions.
Gale Klappa : Xia?
Xia Liu : Julien, we're looking at the details as you know, that we -- the languages came out, so we wanted to really study the specific implications, but I think in general we could look at between 50 to 100 basis point improvement just looking at the first glance of the language.
Julien Smith : Excellent. Thank you, guys. Wow, impressive. Cheers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI
Gale Klappa : Hello Durgesh, how are you doing today?
Durgesh Chopra : Hey, Gail, good afternoon and congratulations to Kevin and Scott as well, from my side. 2 questions for me. First, you -- I think I'm jumping the gun here but still okay to assume no equity in the plan through 2026 now?
Gale Klappa : Yes. Yes, and yes.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Just wanted to clarify that. That's great. And then maybe just really quickly, some of your peers have talked about, given us some sensitivity on natural gas price increases and customer will impact to the extent that you can help us with that, that would be greatly appreciated.
Gale Klappa : Sure. Let me give you a dollar amount and Scott can fill in some additional details. Depending upon -- and we have a natural gas natural gas provider in most of Wisconsin, Chicago, the northern suburbs of Chicago, portions of Western Michigan, and in places all over Minnesota. Depending upon where you are in our service area, it looks like the average bill increase for our residential customer, given what we've been able to do to mitigate higher gas prices with our hedging and storage opportunities. So the typical residential customer we'll see about a $25 to a $40 monthly increase for each month of the heating season based on what we're seeing today and what we've got locked in. And I can tell you that we have been very aggressive as always, with our hedging strategies, with gas storage, with option contracts, and we're pleased with how we've been able to mitigate the very sizable increase in the natural gas market for pricing. Scott?
Scott Lauber : Now that's exactly correct, Gale. So we've got about 1/3 of our gas in storage that we fill throughout the year. And as Kevin mentioned, those storage levels are where we wanted to be at this time. And then we also have a lot of 1/3 of the hedging programs so that $25 to $40 looking at the current prices, and we don't expect that to move too much with our hedging program or storage inventory.
Durgesh Chopra : And is there a percentage of total bill? What's that like 25% to 30%? Am I thinking that the right way?
Scott Lauber : Yes, it's about 30% to 40% depending upon the area.
Durgesh Chopra : Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Gale Klappa : Good afternoon, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet : Hi, good afternoon. And thanks for having me here.
Gale Klappa : Nice being ahead, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet : Just the last one on Oak Creek care if I could. Just wanted to see with regard to the timeline of 2035, how that date was established at the right timeline as opposed to something earlier or later.
Gale Klappa : It all -- it's a great question. It all comes back as we've talked this through with our operating people, with our technicians, with our outside experts. It all comes back to the proper transition to continue aggressive CO2 reduction, but maintaining reliability. And we're quite confident that by 2035 at the latest, that we can adjust our fuel source at Oak Creek, such that coal will be a backup source. I mentioned to you that our view is that our use of coal for power supply for our customers will be almost immaterial in our planning by 2030, less than 5% of our total power supply. So we're going to walk our way forward with continuing to increase the fuel blending at Oak Creek and making sure that we maintain that high standard of reliability, which we've got to have. But it really is a thought about how quickly can we go and maintain reliability in step increments. And that's our current view. So we'll see how it goes but we're very confident about the trajectory between now and 2030. And if the trajectory is even better then we'll see where we go. But, it's really our best estimate of how to make continued progress on aggressive environmental goals and maintaining reliability.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. That's very helpful, thanks. And just one last one from me on the new 6% to 7% growth target, what's different now versus prior to the change? Just give me your directional guidance and since growth has already generally trended at the high-end of the range, just wondering what prompted today's change in message?
Gale Klappa : One simple thing, the refreshing of our 5-year Capital plan. We went from $16.1 billion 5-year Capital plan that we unveiled to you last -- the same time last year, to a 10% increase in the Capital needs to $17.7 billion. And when you look at that and you say, okay, no need for equity or run it through the model. What do we get? And it gives us confidence in the 6% to 7% growth rate.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it, makes sense. I suppose WEC operational execution might feed into it a little bit as well, but appreciate the CapEx uplift there.
Gale Klappa : Well, let me just say this, the operational execution had heard.
Jeremy Tonet : And thanks for taking my questions, have a good one.
Gale Klappa : Jeremy, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank.
Gale Klappa : Afternoon, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Hi, everybody. First question on O&M. I see Income statement is flattish on a year-to-date basis. Can you give us a figure on what you call the manageable or day-to-day O&Ms. And I know you've been targeting at 2% to 3% year-over-year reduction on that metric. Is that still a good number or should we expect some spending to be pulled from 2022 given the strong year-to-date earnings results?
Gale Klappa : Xia has the answer for you.
Xia Liu : So we're looking at the projection for the year taking into consideration what has happened over the past three quarters and what we expect to see. The 3% range is still a very good number, the day to day reduction compared to the annual 2020.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And the next question is on rate cases. Congrats on having such a clear near-term outlook. Can you talk about expectations for the next filings? I think you previously talked about May 2022 for Wisconsin. Is that still a good placeholder, or then [Indiscernible] smaller subs might see activity over the coming months?
Gale Klappa : Well, yes, for our Wisconsin utilities late spring 2022 or certainly by no later than May 1 of 2022. That's the plan for filing our next rate reviews for the Wisconsin Utilities and recall that we're I believe the only state in the U.S. that has a 2-year forward-looking test period for those rate reviews. So we're looking forward to having the rate reviews done next year in Wisconsin. And Kevin and Scott, I don't know of any other plan. I mean, we just as Kevin described, we just finished rate reviews for North Shore Gas in Illinois, for Michigan Gas Utilities, and nothing else seems to be on the docket.
Scott Lauber : Gale, just as I said in my remarks, we have no other plans at this particular time. Thanks for the question.
Andrew Weisel: It's a great position to be in, thank you team.
Gale Klappa : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale Klappa : Rock and Roll, Michael
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, thank you for taking my question. Just curious, in the 5-year plan, can you walk us through a little bit of the cadence of the change? Meaning is the change mostly in '22 and 2023 or is it more in kind of the back-end of the plan?
Gale Klappa : Scott, do you want to take that one?
Scott Lauber : Sure, Gale. And when we look at the plan, it's actually throughout the plan.
Gale Klappa : Yes.
Scott Lauber : In fact, when you look at it compared to this year's plan, the prior capital plan in years 4 and 5, it kind of tapered off. And in this particular year, especially as we laid out more and more as our energy transition and these projects get stays in over time, it's actually a flatter outlook as you look through it. So it really blended in well. And when you think about us putting in the generation and agreeing very measured, you've got to make sure you get the generation in and go to the next projects. So it's very deliberate on how we laid it out.
Gale Klappa : Xia, anything you'd like to add.
Xia Liu : I agree. I think the 2 areas would be the renewable investment and the grid and fleet's reliability investments. So we are adding investment in all 5 years in both categories.
Gale Klappa : And Michael, as we look even beyond the 5-year plan that we just rolled out this morning, the new 5-year plan, one of thing that Xia just mentioned is very clear to us. The additional and upwardly trajectory investments in grid modernization and in reliability, those kind of investment dollars are going to continue well beyond -- the need is going to be there well beyond this 5-year period.
Michael Lapides: Right. Oh, no, you've got a massive opportunity in Wisconsin and elsewhere on the system. Just curious though, I want to make sure I follow-up, can you give any cadence for like what years within just the Wisconsin regulated business, what amount of potential new megawatts of renewable is in this plan that hasn't already been announced.
Gale Klappa : That hasn't been announced.
Michael Lapides: Yes.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Yes. So we have a number of them are already pending at the Wisconsin Commission, but go ahead, Scott.
Scott Lauber : So there is approximately under solar side that hasn't been announced, approximately 700 megawatts on the solar and then another about 500 in the batteries.
Michael Lapides: Got it.
Scott Lauber : As you know, we have several of the largest wind farms are ready and nothing additional just that one that we've already filed for in the wind.
Gale Klappa : And much of the batteries really can be deployed at existing sites.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And so when you think about this, that 700 megawatts of solar, 500 megawatts of battery, that's spread throughout the 5-years of the plan.
Gale Klappa : Correct. Yes. Correct.
Scott Lauber : It's going -- you're going to see a consistent growth that we look at our renewables over the next 5-years.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then the one thing and it's smaller, but I noticed that there is an uptake in expected CapEx at ATC. And we haven't really seen an uptake in expected CapEx in ATC for a while. Can you talk a little bit about what's driving that and whether this is a beginning of a cycle of continual increase in spend at ATC or is just a little bit more of a loss?
Gale Klappa : And Kevin, of course, is the Chairman at ATC. I want to ask him to comment on this, but one of the things that is notable here that I think Kevin will continue is the ATC has a lot of maintenance Capital that is just really going to be required to maintain the reliability of the existing transmission network. And I think that uptake in maintenance Capital, Kevin, is a significant driver here.
Kevin Fletcher : It is just like it is on our retail side that's exactly right. And also, as you know, there's a lot of renewable projects that are planned on board. So that'll help drive some of that CapEx investment over the next 5 years and even into the future from that perspective. So, maintenance as well as new needs from renewables as the drivers.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Gale Klappa : Your welcome, Michael. Hang in there.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Vedula Murti Hudson Bay Capital.
Gale Klappa : Greetings Vedula?
Vedula Murti : Hello, Gale. How are you?
Gale Klappa : We're good. How are you doing?
Vedula Murti : I'm okay.
Gale Klappa : How's your friend Matt Doug doing?
Vedula Murti : Matt Doug?
Gale Klappa : Never mind. Your friend at --
Vedula Murti : I'm slow today.
Gale Klappa : Is it WFAN in New York?
Vedula Murti : Oh, yes, it's -- my twin brother works there, yes. You're doing very well. Thank you.
Gale Klappa : Very good.
Vedula Murti : Yes. A topic I'm going to ask about is electric vehicles and associated infrastructure. I mean, we saw the other day large [Indiscernible] by Hertz in terms of wanting to convert over their fleet in choosing Tesla itself as their preferred provider, etc. Can you give us a sense as to right now what how large your fleet that you have that's addressable to be converted to electric? And kind of how you're thinking about that over a period of time? And kind of based on how the fleet runs, CapEx characteristics in features, etc., that you'll be looking for as you do the transition?
Gale Klappa : Vedula, are you thinking about our own fleet that you're asking about?
Vedula Murti : Yes.
Gale Klappa : All right.
Vedula Murti : Yes, your own fleet.
Gale Klappa : Well, we've got -- we've made a commitment. Actually, I'm going to ask Kevin to give you the details. We've made a commitment to part of a national plan to, in a very reasonable time frame, to continue to add materially to our operating fleet on the ground, to our bucket trucks, to our other vehicles to continue to transition them EVs. And then so I'll ask Kevin to give you the details on that and then I'll come back and I want to talk very briefly about a pilot program that is beyond our own fleet, but a pilot program for our customers that we just got approved a couple of months ago. Kevin?
Kevin Fletcher : Gale for our cars and SUVs specifically for our fleet as you're asking about, we have a goal of 35% to be purchased of EVs between now and 2025. And then for the larger trucks, or our Class 3 trucks, our goal is that 25% of those would be EVs by that point in time. We're also looking at some of the fleets in storing, looking at our fork lifts and the equipment that we use for moving our products around. Looking at those and have targets for those as well.
Gale Klappa : And Kevin wanted to buy some new electric motorcycles from Harley, but we'll talk about that later.
Kevin Fletcher : Always pushing Gale. Thanks.
Gale Klappa : And then Vedula, we just got approved a pilot program from the Wisconsin Commission. We're in the very early stages we'll talk more about it as we roll out some of these options for our customers, but essentially the pilot program is to help with the affordability for particularly large commercial customers, hotels, etc. the affordability of installing charging stations. So that program is again, just now in the earliest stages, we'll talk more about that as we get some customers to sign up. But early on as our key account folks talk to our large customers, there are some significant interest in moving forward with putting EV charging stations in offices hotels, parking lots, etc.
Kevin Fletcher : I hope that responds to your question Vedula. Our fleet is one, but we're also working on large customers and the biggest opportunity as our large customers are looking at their fleets, not just our internal fleet, but that goes hand-in-hand with what Gail shared with the pilot that we're working on. Thank you for your question.
Vedula Murti : Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa : Terrific. Thank you, Vedula. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating and for all your good questions. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at 4142214639. Thanks, everybody. So long.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2021 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time.  Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC's Energy Group's latest Form 10-K, and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissions could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted.  After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it is my pleasure to introduce --
Peter Feigin: Excuse me. I'd like to interrupt just for a minute. I'm Peter Feigin, President of the NBA Champion Milwaukee Bucks. And I can tell you firsthand in a big way that you can't have a truly great NBA team without an incredible energy company to power you up. So, I'm proud to introduce a personal friend, one of the terrific minority owners of the Bucks, and the Chairman of one of the best energy companies in America, Gale Klappa. Go Bucks and go WEC.
Gale Klappa: Oh, my goodness, wonders never cease. Peter, thank you so much for dropping by, and congratulations from all of us to the world champion, Milwaukee Bucks. And I'm not sure I can top all of that, but no pun intended, let's give it a shot. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter of 2021. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team. Here with me today, we have Kevin Fletcher, our President, and CEO, Scott Lauber, our Chief Operating Officer; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer, and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2021 earnings of $0.87 a share.  Xia will provide you with more details in just a few minutes. But given our strong performance through the first half of this year, we're raising our annual guidance. The new range is $4.02 a share to $4.05 a share. And our expectation is that we will reach the top end of that range. As always, this assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Now, as we look across our business lines, I'm pleased to report that every segment is performing at a high level. Our Companies continue to deliver superior reliability and customer satisfaction.  The solid economic recovery in Wisconsin with commercial and industrial expansion gives us confidence in our projected sales growth. Our balance sheet is strong. We have no need to issue new equity to fund our ESG progress plan. And our plan is well on track for both our regulated and our infrastructure segments. You may know we expect our ESU progress plan to drive average annual growth in our asset base of 7%. At the same time, it's bolstering our sustainability as we invest in renewable energy and state-of-the-art technology.  A good example of our progress is the announcement we made just a week ago, about a $400-million investment in the Sapphire Sky Wind Energy Center. Scott will provide you with more detail on this development in just a moment. But I'll tell you that the offtake agreement is with one of the largest high-tech companies in the world, and we expect the project to meet or exceed all of our financial metrics. We've also made great progress on our plan to build 1800 megawatts of regulated solar, wind, and battery storage.  This carbon-free asset will play a significant role in improving our environmental footprint. Recall that back in May, we set near-term goals that are among the most ambitious in the industry. Reducing carbon emissions by 60% from our electric generation fleet by 2025 and achieving an 80% reduction by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. Going ahead, that we now expect only 8% of our regulated electricity supply to come from coal by the end of 2030. We believe we can accomplish these targets with the retirement of older, less efficient units, operating refinements, and the use of existing technology as we execute our ESG progress plan.  Of course, our long-term goal remains net 0 carbon emissions from our generating fleet by 2050. And our ongoing effort to upgrade our gas delivery networks and introduce renewable natural gas into our system will help us achieve another aggressive goal, net 0 methane emissions by 2030. You can learn more about these goals and much more in our corporate responsibility report, which we published just last week. And now let's switch gears a bit and take a quick look at our [general] (ph) economy. We're still seeing the positive effects of a strong recovery. Wisconsin's unemployment rate, in fact, stands today at 3.9%. Folks, that's 2 full percentage points better than the national average.  As I mentioned, business continues to grow with new projects across the region. For example, Milwaukee Tool is expanding the operations again here in Milwaukee. If you're not familiar with Milwaukee Tool, the company has been a leader in the development of battery-powered cordless tools. It now has become the world's number one producer of tools for professionals in the construction trades, utility sector, as well as for auto mechanics.  And now, Milwaukee Tool is redeveloping a vacant downtown office tower to provide space for 1,200 new employees over the next 5 years. In addition, a number of other economic development projects are in the pipeline, and we'll be covering those with you in future calls. On that note, I'll turn our call over to Scott for more detail on our sales results for the quarter, as well as an update on our infrastructure segments. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of June, our utilities were serving approximately 4,000 more electric customers and 18,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis, beginning on Page 13 of the earnings packet. Overall retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 7.1% from the second quarter of 2020. And on a weather-normal basis, were up 5.8%.  We are encouraged by the economic rebound we are seeing in our service territory. For example, small commercial and industrial electric sales were up 10.4% from last year's Second Quarter, and on a weather-normal basis were up 9.2%. Meanwhile, large commercial and industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 14.8% from the second quarter of 2020. And on a weather-normal basis, were up 13.9%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin were down 4.9%. This excludes gas used for power generation. And on a weather-normal basis, natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 2.5%.  Overall, our growth continues to track ahead of our forecast as the economy continues to open up. Turning now to our WEC Infrastructure segment. As Gale noted, we have agreed to acquire a 90% ownership interest in the Sapphire Sky Wind Energy Center. The project is being developed in McLean County, Illinois by Invenergy. The site will consist of 64 wind turbines for a combined capacity of 250 megawatts. We expect it will go into service late in 2022. The projects -- project fits our investment criteria very well. We plan to invest $412 million with a 90% ownership interest.  We now have 8 wind projects announced or in operation in our Infrastructure segment. This represents approximately $2.3 billion of investment. We expect to invest an additional $1.1 billion in this segment over the remainder of our 5-year plan. Our Jayhawk Wind Farm is projected to go into service by early next year and our Thunderhead Wind investment is now projected to go into service in the first half of 2022. These timelines have been factored into our forecast. In case you're wondering about the impact of inflation on these projects, to date, we have not encountered any significant inflationary pressure. Remember that we primarily invest in turnkey projects with developers. So, we are seeing no reduction of returns. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin for an update on our utility operations.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Scott. Touching on some recent developments in Wisconsin, I'm pleased to report that our Badger Hollow 1 Solar project is nearing completion and is producing test energy. As you may recall, we own 100 megawatts of this project in Southwest Wisconsin and Madison Gas and Electric owns the remaining 50 megawatts. This is our second large-scale solar project, and part of our plans for more than triple [Indiscernible] renewable energy between 2021 and 2025.  We expect the next phase of the project, Badger Hollow II, to achieve commercial operations next year. Now, for a few regulatory updates. Recall that after reaching an agreement with the major customer and environmental groups, we filed a request with the Public Service Commission to forego a rate base for our Wisconsin utilities this year. We expect a decision in the weeks to come. And we're pleased that the Commission has approved pilot programs for electric vehicle charging in our Wisconsin service areas.  For these programs, we plan to install charging equipment, and electric distribution infrastructure. This is the first step in our effort to promote affordable charging options for electric vehicles. And we also have an update on the rate reviews at two of our smaller utilities. In Illinois earlier this year, North Shore Gas requested a rate increase primarily due to the significant capital investments we have made since the last rate base in 2015. Recently, the administrative law judge on the case issued a proposed order.  The order recommends a $4.2 million rate increase on a 9.67% ROE and 51.6% equity component. We expect the commission's final decision by mid-September. Finally, in Michigan, I'm pleased to advise you that we have reached a settlement with all parties to conclude our rate review for Michigan Gas Utilities. This settlement stipulates a 9.85% return on equity and a revenue increase of $9.25 million with an equity layer of 51.5%. We expect the commission's approval by the end of the Third Quarter. We have no other rate cases pending at this time. And with that, I'll turn it over to Xia.
Xia Liu: Thank you, Kevin. Our 2021 second quarter earnings of $0.87 cents per share increased $0.11 cents per share compared to the second quarter of 2020. Our favorable results were largely driven by higher earnings from our utility operations. Our regulated utilities benefited from warmer-than-normal weather, recovering economy, continued execution of our capital plan, and our focus on operating efficiency. The earnings package put on our website this morning includes a comparison of second quarter results on page 17.  I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, we grew our Earnings by $0.09 compared to the second quarter of 2020. First, continued economic recovery from the pandemic drove a $0.06 increase in earnings. This reflects stronger weather-normalized sales, as well as the resumption of late payment and other charges. Also, rate relief and additional capital investment added $0.04 compared to the second quarter of 2020. Lower day-to-day O&M contributed one penny and all other factors resulted in a positive variance of $0.02.  These favorable factors were partially offset by $0.04 of higher depreciation and amortization expense. I'd like to point out that quarter-over-quarter, the impact of weather was flat. Overall, we added $0.09 quarter-over-quarter from utility operations. Moving on to our investment in American Transmission Company, earnings increased $0.02 compared to the second quarter of 2020. While we picked up a penny in the current quarter from continued capital investment, this was more than offset by a $0.03 benefit recognized in the second quarter of 2020, related to a FERC order.  Recall that this order allowed ATC to increase its ROE from 10.38% to 10.52%, retroactive to November 2013. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved one penny in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter of 2020. This was mainly driven by production tax credits related to wind farm acquisitions, partially offset by less than projected wind resources.  Finally, we saw a $0.03 improvement in the corporate and other segments. Lower interest expense contributed $0.02 quarter-over-quarter. We recognize a $0.03 gain from our investment in the fund devoted to clean energy infrastructure and technology development.  These positive variances were partially offset by a reduction of $0.01 in rabbi trust performance and $0.01 in taxes and others. In summary, we improved on our second quarter of 2020 performance by $0.11. Now, I'd like to update you on some other financial items. For the full year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 13% and 14%. Excluding the benefit of unprotected taxes flowing to customers, we project our 2021 effective tax rate will be between 19% and 20%. As in past years, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2021.  Our projections show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax positions with our current capital plan. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities decreased a $153 million. Our increase in cash earnings in the first 6 months of 2021 was more than offset by higher working capital requirements. Recall that despite the natural gas costs, seeing throughout the central part of the country this February, coupled with higher accounts receivable balances, contributed to this increase in working capital. We were able to improve our working capital position in the second quarter.  With normal collection practices underway in our major markets, we expect working capital to continue to improve throughout the remainder of the year. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were at $1.1 billion for the first six months of 2021, a $93 million increase as compared with the first 6 months of 2020. This reflects our investment focus in our regulated utility and energy infrastructure business.  On the financing front, we continue to find opportunities to lower our interest costs. In fact, in June, we refinanced $300 million of debt at Wisconsin Electric, reducing the average coupon of these notes by over 1.2% and extending the maturity to 2028. In closing, before I turn it back to Gale, I'd like to provide our guidance for the third quarter. We are expecting a range of $0.72 to $0.74 per share for the third quarter.  This accounts for July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. This also takes into account the timing of our fuel recovery and the costs associated with major storms that impacted our system last week. As a reminder, we earned $0.84 per share in the third quarter last year. This includes an estimated $0.05 of better than normal weather. And as Gale mentioned earlier, we are raising our 2021 Earnings guidance to a range of $4.02 to $4.05 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. In addition to raising our annual guidance, we are reaffirming our projection of long-term earnings growth of 5% to 7% a year with a strong bias toward the upper half of that range. And finally, a quick reminder about our dividend. As you may recall, in January, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend by 7.1% to C/67.75 a share. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings.  We're in the middle of that range now. So, I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Overall ladies and gentlemen, we're on track, focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator instructions]. And we'll pause for just one moment to compile the Q&A roster. And our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
James Schaefer: Hey, good afternoon guys. It's actually James for Shar. Sorry, Gale.
Gale Klappa: Oh hey, how you doing?
James Schaefer: Good, good. Thanks for taking my questions.
Gale Klappa: Well, what have you done with Shar?
James Schaefer: He's still in his bunker in New Jersey.
Gale Klappa: There you go. Excellent. Okay. Great.
James Schaefer: So, I guess just first on the policy side on Illinois, it sounds like negotiations on the comprehensive package hit an impasse recently. I realize it's not heavily focused on gas, but you guys are still involved. Do you guys have any updated thoughts on the prospects for something to get done in the coming weeks?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think we always thought that getting something done reasonably quickly was a very long shot in Illinois. The one thing that I think stands out post the public discussion of the impasse between the parties is it both the Governor and the Senate majority leader have essentially urged the parties to continue talking.  We'll see what happens. But again, very little impact on gas distribution companies in Illinois. This is a major focus if you -- as you know, particularly on Exelon and on nuclear power plants. Pass or not, agreement or not, there's really no material impact on our company, on Peoples Gas or North Shore Gas in Illinois.
James Schaefer: Gotcha. Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Thanks.
James Schaefer: A little closer to home on the Wisconsin side. WPL's recent settlement had an interesting proposal for the recovery on their retiring Edgewater plan. Have you guys gotten a chance to dig into that, and could that be a template for the balance of the non power the future fleet, which I think it's just [Indiscernible] and Columbia at this point?
Gale Klappa: Well, we're very aware of the approach that Alliant took, and could it be a template for going forward? It certainly could be. It's an interesting approach. I think it's a balanced approach. And certainly, something we'll be taking a look at. As you know, we're planning to retire the older units at our Oak Creek site.  Units 5, 6, 7, and 8. 1960s vintage units, we're planning to retire those. We've announced the retirements in 2023 and 2024. We have plenty of time to continue to work with all the parties involved. But yes, it was a very interesting approach to a settlement and one that really could make a lot of sense going forward.
James Schaefer: Got it. That's all I had. Thanks, and congrats on the results and the championship.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. Appreciate it very much. Tell Shar to behave, okay?
James Schaefer: Will do.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith with Bank of America.
Gale Klappa: Greetings Julien.
Julien Smith: Hey, hey, how are you?
Gale Klappa: We're good. How about you?
Julien Smith: Congrats with -- quite well. Thank you. Congrats on the recent win here. It must be exciting.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, terrific. It's been great -- it's been great for the city, even great for the region. So happy for the team. And happy for you. I understand that you proposed during Game 6; is that true?
Julien Smith: [So off of the] (ph) heading, right? No. Recently, the -- that I can confirm that. It's been exciting. Thank you. Maybe to cut to other exciting news here you guys, if I look at '21 guidance relative to where you are year-to-date here, you're ahead $0.30.  How are you thinking about O&M in the back half of this year? I know you guys like to push and pull O&M to ensure a linear trajectory here. But as you think about the relatively conservative nature of your guidance, can you comment a little bit on where you stand on the back half this year?
Gale Klappa: Sure. We have a number of maintenance projects planned for the back half of the year. And also, as Sean mentioned, we have some 6 million, 7 million of reasonably extraordinary costs just last week for repair from serious storms that took out over 100,000 customers in Northern Wisconsin and had 6 tornadoes in a line between the Western Milwaukee suburbs and Madison.  We had some extraordinary costs in July, which influenced the range of guidance that Xia gave you for the third quarter. But again, there are numerous projects that we have lined up for the fourth quarter for O&M. I still believe that we will -- our day-to-day O&M will be down for the year. But we certainly have an opportunity to really carry out some very, very good maintenance that will help us for 2022.
Julien Smith: Right. Excellent. And perhaps just to parse that statement a little bit. You still leave it to be down, but your previous expectation is 2% to 3%?
Gale Klappa: That was our previous expectation, and certainly a goal we could hit. But as we look at some of the extraordinary storm costs and other work, again, we believe it will be down. It may not be down 2% to 3%, but that doesn't mean that the trajectory is still long-term, not in place. It still is. It's just a matter of looking at a 6-month period if you will.
Julien Smith: Got it. Excellent. And lastly, can I just [ask] (ph), obviously, you're pretty excited about sales, some of the leading indicators of what sales might do. Can you comment a little bit preliminarily on how you're thinking about trends in the '22 even? I mean, obviously '21 retail sales coming in 1% below '19 on the normalized basis and sets up pretty nicely here as you think about it. But I'd be curious on how you would characterize some of these larger projects, et cetera, coming in.
Gale Klappa: Many of the larger projects that we've been referring to, the larger economic development projects, are now under construction. We wouldn't necessarily expect a big uptick in 2022 from those projects, although there will be some. But really, it's 2023 and 2024, and beyond, where we'll see the big impact from some of the economic development projects.  But I would say as we look at the landscape, again, you go back to the tailwind of the economic recovery in Wisconsin, which has been very strong. Scott detailed the big uptick in large commercial and industrial demand. And Scott, I think one of the more encouraging things to me on the natural gas side of the business is we continue to see very strong customer growth.
Scott Lauber: Yeah, that's exactly correct, Gale. We're seeing good customer growth, specifically on the gas side. But on the electric side too, we're hooking up a lot of new services on both gas and electric in Wisconsin and Michigan and Minnesota on the gas side also, so good growth. And the small commercial industrial really did well this quarter. But remember, it was compared to the first quarter of the pandemic last year, but very happy where the sales are right now.
Gale Klappa: I do think we have to see how the variant continues to spread. Many companies were planning on a significant return to the office, if you will, in September. We and others have now pushed that off till October at the earliest. So that could have some short-term impact, but overall, as Scott said, we feel very, very positive about our projections for demand growth for both gas and electricity.
Julien Smith: Excellent, alright well thank you very much. Take care, see you soon.
Gale Klappa: You too. Thank you, Julien.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Durgesh. How are you today?
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, Gale. Congrats on both front, sports and a great quarter. Just two questions from me. First, for Xia. On the $0.03 gain on Clean Energy Fund, could you elaborate on what that is?
Xia Liu: Sure. We have a very small investment in a fund that invest in development stage companies in the renewable energy space and charging infrastructure space. It's very small -- I think the balance is only $30 million, but we're happy to see the gain.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. Thanks. I didn't realize you actually have that investment. Okay. Just -- and then maybe just quickly, Gale, sorry if I missed this, but any update on the Wisconsin rate case proceeding? Your sort of petition to delay the rate case. You haven't heard back from the commission yet, right?
Gale Klappa: Yes, we have now seen publicly the Commission staff memo on the subject, and usually the Commission will vote -- post them -- publication of the staff memo on it -- on any matter like this, within a matter of weeks. So, I would expect within just a matter of weeks, we will have a committee vote on the stay-out proposal. And again, the -- overall the staff memo was just fine.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Congrats again here on back-to-back execution for many years and again this quarter. Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Durgesh. Appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Greetings and congratulations, Gale, and then the City of Milwaukee on the NBA title. That's -- I wish my Grizzlies would pull off something like that, rooting for them. Got a question for you. When I look at your capital budget, your 5-year, and I know you're only a couple of months away from providing investors with an update to that. Year 4 and year 5 are down from years 1, 2, 3. If that actually happens, it means you become a free cash flow generating company.  But if you had to be a wagering man at this earlier stage, and I know year 4 and year 5 is an eternity away. Do you think that actually happens? And if not, what are the things -- what are the buckets that could make year 4 and year 5 or maybe even years 3 through 5 a good bit higher than what you outlined last November for your 5-year outlook?
Gale Klappa: Great question, Michael. First of all, if you look historically at our 5-year capital plan, years 4 and 5 always tail off a bit. It is just kind of how we roll. And the reason for that is, we don't like to have a lot of white spaces and a lot of undefined line items in our 5-year capital plan. So, we tend to give you, particularly for the first 3 years, stuff that we know is actually going to be proposed, is actually going to build upon approval, et cetera.  But historically, I think for all the years I have been here when we've laid out our 5-year capital plan you've always seen a bit of a downturn compared to the first 3 years for years 4 and 5.  So, to directly answer your question, I do not believe when we update our 5-year capital plan, which we'll do on our next analyst call in early November, Beth, I believe? And then, with much more details of the [Indiscernible] finance conference. You're not going to see -- I would be stunned if you saw any kind of a decline in what is now years 4 and 5. It's just not going to happen. Not going to happen in particular because of the strong investment opportunity that we have in front of us.  And what kind of buckets might we see? Well, clearly, there's going to be an additional emphasis on continuing to invest in renewables and battery storage, distribution upgrades, new customer connections, you name it. It'll be across the board, but as you know, a very significant tailwind as we continue to execute our ESG progress plan, continue to reach those lofty environmental goals, those aggressive environmental goals. Again, I wouldn't put too much stock in looking at years 4 and 5 right now. Those buckets will definitely be filled up. Scott, anything to add to that?
Scott Lauber: I think you're exactly right, Gale. We've always had a tendency to be a little bit lower on those other years. And as Kevin mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're just seeing the start of the electric vehicle pilot we have. So, we already got some interest in that, and then we don't even have the order yet. So, I think there's a lot of opportunities ahead on the generation and the distribution side.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one follow-up. Gale, you made a comment about inflation. What are you all seeing in terms of cost in -- commodity cost input for things like gas distribution mains, or equipment -- other equipment; things like copper, et cetera? And even on the regulated side of the business -- a larger side of the business and what that does to your CapEx projections?
Gale Klappa: Well, at the present time -- you looked at copper, for example, it was elevated 4, 5, 6 months ago and haven't -- haven't moved much since, for example. We're really frankly not seeing a ton of -- I think as we phrased it, really not a -- no significant impact so far. Now, part of that is because of the way we deal with our infrastructure segment and the fact that we have set prices with developers that have a very long history of being able to procure a very positive and constructive price.  So, on the infrastructure side, we haven't really seen any significant impact at all. On the regulated side, again, a lot of the projects that we have underway, procurement has already taken place. So not much at this stage of the game in terms of inflationary impact. Where we have seen some inflationary impact is actually in the natural gas commodity prices. We were up over $4 per million BTU just the other day.  So, there I think, with the glut of natural gas a bit disappearing across the country, I think we're going to see some elevated natural gas prices, certainly for winter -- the upcoming winter, but that's were, in my opinion, we're seeing the first kind of signs. And then in terms of the future, it's anybody's guess how sticky the inflation numbers are. But one of the things that I always tend to look at for what it's worth. Remember Milton Friedman said that inflation is, has been, and always will be a monetary phenomenon.  One of the things I think that we look at is essentially the growth of the money supply. And if you look at the growth of the money supply, it's already begun to taper off a little bit. It's still up, and up materially, but it's already begun to taper off a little bit. That gives me some hope that while we probably for the next year we'll see some elevated inflation numbers. Perhaps it's on its way to a more normal level.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And hey, one last question, and this is just a modeling one. Can you remind me -- you mentioned, in the prepared remarks, the in-service dates for Thunderhead and Jayhawk?
Gale Klappa: Yup. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. Thunderhead is going to be in the first half of next year. And then Jayhawk should be probably in the first quarter.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So, both of those -- both of those moved a little from original in-service dates?
Gale Klappa: Well, Jayhawk, maybe a month or two, no big deal. Thunderhead we ran into a problem with something called the American burying beetle, which has now been removed as I understand it from the endangered species list. Actually, the construction on Thunderhead is about done. It's a matter of the substation completing construction now that all of that has been worked through in terms of moving forward post the issue with the American burying beetle.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: Right. You’re welcome, Michael. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Gale Klappa: Hello, Jeremy. How are you today?
Jeremy Tonet: Good afternoon. Thanks for having me.
Gale Klappa: It's been nice being here. Now, go right ahead.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to touch base on -- with the way, there's wind announcement here, it seems that about half of the planned infrastructure investments are now identified. Is there any timing or tax considerations limiting a continued acceleration here? And just how do you see the market backdrop amid broader infrastructure discussions in DC here?
Gale Klappa: Well, the truth of the matter is, we have timed the size if you will, and the timing of our infrastructure segment investments over the 5-year period to match our tax position and the ability to monetize production tax credits. There's nothing though that would stand in the way of some modest additional acceleration of the investments. You're right, we are ahead of schedule with very high-quality projects.  Going forward, I know there's been a lot of discussion around the industry about lower returns, backlogs, and delays. But I would say, if you look at our pipeline of potential projects, it is still very robust. And we're working with potential projects and developers that have long successful track records. We don't see right now any diminution of the kind of projects that we're interested in for our infrastructure segment.  Or, and more importantly, we're not seeing any -- excuse me -- any significant diminution in returns. In fact, we mentioned, both Scott and I, that Sapphire Sky -- that has the potential to be one of the very best return projects we've ever had. So again, for us -- excuse me -- and for the segment, we're looking at, and for the highest quality projects with great developers, we feel very, very positive about our pipeline. I hope that responds to your question.
Jeremy Tonet: That was very helpful. Thank you for that. Maybe just shifting gears a bit here, and given the elevated market attention on coal generation. And when you think about power, the future coal here, just wondering if you could update us on how you balance local reliability needs with this backdrop and maybe the potential to repower the asset with natural gas. And how near-term could this potentially be if you decide to go in that direction?
Gale Klappa: Well, great question. I'm going to ask Scott to give you his view on this as well. Let me just say two quick things. Essentially, with the retirement of all the core 5 units, that has already taken place on our system. If we announced retirements that we've talked about already, really, there's very little coal-fired capacity left in our system after 2025. You and others were asked about the new units at our Oak Creek site.  Those new units are very efficient -- among the most efficient thermal part and power plants in the world. And I should remind everybody that what we need to do, in looking at the future of those units, is to separate the value of those units from the fuel source. And let me explain that. The new Oak Creek units are ideally situated on the transmission grid in the Midwest. They are very important to reliability in the Middle Western part of the United States, not just Wisconsin. So, we built those units and remember the first unit came online in 2010, the second in 2011. We built those units with some flexibility. In fact, there is natural gas on the site.  It is possible, and we've done it several times, to co-fire the units on coal and natural gas. And yes, it is possible -- technically possible for the units to be converted away from coal to natural gas at some point. In fact, we are taking a look at both from an engineering standpoint and a cost standpoint, the feasibility of doing so. Scott, what would you like to add to that?
Scott Lauber: No, that's the exact right tail. And when you think about the reliability, as you brought up the reliability of the system, and when we look at it and when we talk about 8% of energy from coal in 2030, that still gives a potential for about 17%, 18% of capacity as needed on that really, really peak day to make sure we have the energy that's needed. And Gale, that is exactly right. We can look at potential convergence there in the future. We really have to look at how do we keep the reliability and affordability and clean energy in the system?
Gale Klappa: And one other point, our goal for 2030 of 80% reductions in carbon does not assume any conversion of the new Oak Creek units away from coal to natural gas. So that just gives you a sense of how effective we can be in continuing to reduce CO2 even with very efficient coal-fired units at the new Oak Creek site still in place.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Sounds like nice optionality going forward there.
Gale Klappa: And I think that's a great way to describe it. We have a lot of options with a very key asset again to reliability for the region.
Jeremy Tonet: Great, thanks. And just one last one if I could sneak it in here. Thanks for the update on the Wisconsin rate case process there. Just wondering, are you focused on any other regulatory items locally in advance of filing next year?
Gale Klappa: No, it's pretty calm. I mean, it really is. And Kevin described the ALJ proposed order at North Shore Gas, one of our smallest Companies in Illinois, just agreed to a settlement of a rate case in Michigan for Michigan Gas Utilities. But other than that, and the normal course filings, it's pretty steady as she goes.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. The Commission will continue to look at the solar projects we have on the solar and battery projects so we can get approval on those and start implementing that.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, that's a good point. We've made several multiple filings if you will, over the course of the first half of this year, to move forward with at 1,800 megawatts of wind and solar and battery storage regulated for Wisconsin. That's going well.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Thank you. Kindly, I'll leave it there.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Jeremy.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Market.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Sophie.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is actually signed details for Sophie. Thanks for taking my question, though.
Gale Klappa: Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: About the Oak Creek and Columbia units that you plan to reach higher, can you tell us if they're part of the regulated utility on the unregulated part?
Gale Klappa: No, that -- those are all part of our regulated asset base in Wisconsin.
Unidentified Analyst: And does it -- as you look retiring more in the future, does it make a difference which one you decide to retire first? I'm just trying to get a sense of what factors is go into consideration as you seek units for retirement.
Gale Klappa: Well, that's really a very simple answer, and that is, as we look to retire additional capacity, we look first and foremost at older units that are less efficient. So, it's all driven by age and efficiency, what kind of capital it might take to keep those units alive.  It's really not a complicated formula. We look at age, efficiency, and whether or not it makes any sense from a capital investment standpoint to spend the dollars that would keep those units alive. And of course, as I mentioned, the next units to be retired on our system would be the older Oak Creek units.  They've been part of the Wisconsin retail rate base since the 1960s. That's units 5, 6, 7, and 8 at our older Oak Creek site. And then, we're a joint owner with Alliant for the Columbia Units 1 and 2. Scott, those would retire in the same timeframe, correct?
Scott Lauber: Correct, '23 and '24.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel of Scotia bank.
Gale Klappa: Hello, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: : Hi, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon.
Andrew Weisel: : It seems like so many others you've been facing a growing number of extreme weather events. You've been fortunate and well-positioned to react quickly so it hasn't been devastating in terms of outages. But as you evaluate your O&M programs, do you see an opportunity or a need to change anything as far as storm preparation and response?
Gale Klappa: Well, the short answer is, we continue to invest in reliability. And I'm very proud of our folks, very proud of the fact that We Energies has been named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for 10 consecutive years running. We have -- we have a historic and positive investment program that we continue with to ensure upgrades and reliability.  Not only just from the standpoint of undergrounding some lines as we've done in Northern Wisconsin, but proactive replacement of transformers where we know there's a failure rate, postage 50. There's a lot going on in terms of, again, positive investment opportunities to maintain superior reliability.  I would just say though, Andrew, I'm not sure we're seeing more extraordinary weather events than we have in the past. In fact, in the last couple of years, the tornado season in Wisconsin has been milder than in some previous years. We have seen two or three polar vortex events. But if you look back over the course of the last 40 or 50 years, candidly, and Scott -- we've both been around Wisconsin a long time in the Midwest. I don't think we're seeing a dramatic change in weather events, do you?
Scott Lauber: No. I -- we were having extreme polar vortex years ago. We just didn't have the fancy name polar vortex; it was just cold. But I think you're just seeing more strain on the system across the enterprise or across the country. As -- like we saw in Texas and a variety -- I think are getting a lot more media time too.
Gale Klappa: And to Scott 's point, there's a lesson here from what we're seeing around the country. And it's a lesson that I think all of us who have been around for a while truly believe in, and that is when you have to have it for reliability when lives are on the line when it's -42 without the windshield in Northern Wisconsin, diversity of fuel mix and dispatchability really make a difference.  And that's something we can't forget as an industry or as a Company. Reliability is the bedrock of what we do. Millions of lives were saved by the availability of natural gas this past winter in the northern part of the U.S. We're very cognizant of how important reliability is, and we'll continue to invest to maintain superior reliability.
Andrew Weisel: : Got it. Thank you, everyone.
Gale Klappa: You are welcome, Weisel.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with Hudson Bay Capital.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll, Vedula. Long time no talk to.
Vedula Murti: Sorry, can you hear me?
Gale Klappa: We can hear you. How are you doing, Vedula?
Vedula Murti: I'm doing well. Thank you. Supposing one touched a little bit on the lesson for your quarter. Just not sure but I guess what I'm more direction in is how you manage to fix the price [Indiscernible] to preserve market capacity prices given a vehicle with technology [Indiscernible] how it begins kind of what we've been seeing and reading about it [Indiscernible] we need to have variability on -- during these periods and just then.  And there are also people. And people have more -- but people in the homes, their ability to be able to talk about one ton of [Indiscernible] call in [Indiscernible] success in Canada for the rate at which you would have to buy us from other parties [Indiscernible]
Gale Klappa: Vedula, I'm very sorry. You broke up several times. I'm not sure that I understood the gist of your question. Beth was a little bit closer to -- Beth, can you tell me what you think Vedula was asking?
M. Beth Straka: I only caught a portion of it related to EVs and the growth of EVs.
Gale Klappa: Okay. All right. Well, we can certainly -- and Vedula if you want to try it again. Again, you broke up a few times and I apologize. We couldn't quite follow you.
Vedula Murti: Oh, well where I was going -- I'm having problems with my phone as well. [Indiscernible]
Gale Klappa: Okay. Well, we can talk a bit about the growth of EVs. Again, we're very pleased. There will be, I think, a number of policy initiatives, both at the federal level, as you know, but also at the state level here in Wisconsin to try to encourage the penetration and customer ownership of EVs. And I see that as another investment opportunity for us.  As Kevin mentioned, we just had approved a pilot program that will allow us to offer cost-effective charging options for a range of customers, including some nonprofit customers, including government entities, et cetera, et cetera. So, we're on it in terms of trying to encourage the adoption of electric vehicles. And we'll see how this goes, but already, again, as Scott mentioned, we don't even have a final order written yet, and we have a number of interested parties, and we're already beginning substantive talks with folks on our EV pilot charging program. I hope, Vedula, that answers your question.
Vedula Murti: All right. I'll go offline. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Terrific. Thank you Vedula. All right. Well, I think that covers the waterfront for today, folks. That concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Thank you so much for taking part. If you have more questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. And she can be reached at 414-221-4539. Thank you, everybody. Take care.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-03 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter 2021 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the first quarter of 2021. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, our President and CEO; Scott Lauber, our Chief Operating Officer; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news released this morning, we reported first quarter 2021 earnings of $1.61 a share. As always, our focus on operating excellence was a major factor in our performance. In addition, we saw the positive impact of colder weather and economic recovery in our region. Xia will provide you with more details on our metrics in just a few minutes. But first, a comment about the polar vortex events that we experienced in February, our people and our infrastructure were put to the test literally, and performed remarkably during that bitter cold stretch when temperatures dropped to minus 42 degrees Fahrenheit in the northern portion of our service area. I am pleased to report that the investments we've made in our energy grid and our diverse fuel mix get the economy moving and our customers safe and warm. Now as you know, just over a year has passed since we first saw the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. Our commitment to safety, efficiency and reliability has only been enhanced by the operational challenges we faced. Our company today stands stronger than ever, and our $16.1 billion capital plan, the largest in company history is on track. Over the next five years, we expect our investment plan to drive average annual growth in our asset base of 7%. At the same time, it will bolster our sustainability as we continue to invest in renewable energy and state of the art infrastructure. In fact, the potential we see in renewables and battery storage, the progress we've made across our system already and supportive public policy have allowed us to step back and reassess our future environmental goals. So today, I'm pleased to announce that we're setting even more aggressive targets for the next several years. Our goal is now a 60% reduction in carbon emissions by 2025, and an 80% reduction by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. We believe we can accomplish these targets with the retirement of older, less efficient units, some operating refinements and the use of existing technology as we continue to execute our capital plan. And of course, our long-term goal remains net zero carbon emissions from our generating fleet by 2050. In addition, on the natural gas distribution side of our business, we're now targeting net zero methane emissions by the end of 2030. Our ongoing effort to upgrade our gas delivery networks and incorporate renewable natural gas into our system will clearly help us achieve this 2030 milestone. You'll be able to read more about these goals in our updated climate report. We'll be launching that report on our website tomorrow morning. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we're making really good headway on our capital plan. We call it our ESG progress plan. Since our last visit with you we've announced four renewable projects for our regulated business in Wisconsin, and another wind project the Jayhawk Wind Farm at our WEC Infrastructure segment, Scott and Kevin are on tap to fill you in on the details. I will add two important points about the impact of our ESG progress plan. As we continue to reshape our asset mix, we project that less than 10% of our revenues and less than 10% of our assets will be tied to coal by the end of 2025. And we would more than triple our investment in renewables across our enterprise. You put it all together, and we expect to deliver among the best risk adjusted returns the industry has to offer. We have strong credit quality and no need to issue equity. At the heart of it all is our ability to deliver the affordable, reliable and clean energy that our customers depend on. Now switching gears for a moment, let's take a quick look at the regional economy. With the rollout of the COVID-19 vaccinations well underway, we're seeing more signs of economic recovery. Wisconsin's unemployment rate stands today at 3.8%. That's close to pre pandemic levels and more than a percentage point better than the national average. In addition, our recent business survey by the University of Wisconsin confirmed that all core indicators from productivity to income are looking up. Also, you may have seen the announcement last week that Foxconn has reached a new agreement with the state of Wisconsin regarding Foxconn High Tech campus south of Milwaukee. The agreement provides for up to $80 million of performance based incentives. If Foxconn hires 1,454 qualified workers and invest $672 billion by 2026. It also importantly gives Foxconn the flexibility to be responsive to the marketplace. This time the Foxconn campus is expected to focus on producing computer servers and server parts. That's one of Foxconn specialties. In fact, we understand that Foxconn supplies approximately 40% of the worldwide market for servers. Foxconn also noted that over time, it plans to make the Wisconsin site, one of the largest if not the largest manufacturer of data infrastructure hardware in the United States. So as business opportunities continue to arise, Foxconn will work with the state on contract changes that would incorporate additional jobs and more new investment beyond this agreement. As we look further across our service area, we see numerous green shoots of growth. For example, Green Bay packaging just completed a $500 million expansion of its paper mill in northeastern Wisconsin, Amazon continues to expand. That company just announced another fulfillment center. This one will be located in one of our western suburbs. And Uline is growing again. Building two new distribution warehouses in the Kenosha area south of Milwaukee with a projected investment of $130 million. If you're not familiar with the name, Uline is one of the nation's leading distributors of shipping, industrial and packaging materials. So with all the developments we're seeing in the ground, we remain optimistic about the growth of the regional economy and our long-term sales growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for more detail on our sales results for the quarter, as well as an update on our infrastructure segment, Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Turning now to sales, we continued to see customer growth across our system. At the end of March, our utilities were serving approximately 7,000 more electric customers and 25,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis beginning at page 10 of the earnings packet. In Wisconsin, we saw sales growth on a weather normal basis across our entire retail business compared to the first quarter of 2020. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 3.2%. This excludes gas use for power generation. And on a weather normal basis, natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased by 0.5 of 1%. Retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine were up 1.1% from the first quarter of 2020. And on a weather normal basis, were at 1.4%. Overall, our growth is tracking ahead of our forecasts as the economy begins to open up. As we announced in March, we are adding another project to our infrastructure segment, we acquired a 90% ownership interest in the Jayhawk wind farm. This project will be built in Kansas and consists of 70 worth wind turbines with a combined capacity of more than 190 megawatts. Jayhawk is expected to go in service by the end of this year. This project fits our investment criteria well as a long-term offtake agreement with Facebook for all the energy produced; we plan to invest $302 million for the 90% ownership interest and substantially all the tax benefits. As a reminder, our Thunderhead Wind investment is now projected to go on service by year end. We now have seven wind projects announced during operations in our infrastructure segment. This represents $1.9 billion of investment with a strong pipeline of opportunities ahead; we expect to invest an additional $1.5 billion in this segment to 2025.  Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin for an update on our utility operations.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Scott. Our COVID-19 statistics have been improving in our service areas. We remain focused on keeping our employees and customers safe. We continue to realize efficiencies across our system of companies. And we'll apply the lessons learned as we design workforce and practices post pandemic.  Now, let me touch on some recent developments in our ESG progress plan. Since our last call, we announced four large scale renewable projects for our Wisconsin utilities. The Paris, Darien and Koshkonong Solar-Battery Park, as well as the Red Barn Wind Park. In total, our shares of these projects would provide 675 megawatts of solar generation, 316 megawatts of battery storage and 82 megawatts of wind. Pending other Commission's approval, we will invest approximately $1.5 billion to bring them online between 2022 and 2024. We expect these projects to deliver significant operating cost savings and maintain reliability. These projects, of course, are all part of our plans to invest significant capital dollars in renewables and battery storage for utilities between 2021 and 2025. More to come in the next few months. We are also proposing to build 128 megawatts of generation at our existing Western power plant site in North Wisconsin. The new facility will use seven reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them rice units. If approved, we expect to invest $170 million in this project for targeted in service date in 2023. On the natural gas distribution side, WEC Energy is making its way through the approval process for two liquefied natural gas facilities, which would provide enhanced savings and reliability during our cold winters And the approval, which we anticipate by the end of this year, we would expect to bring the facilities in operations late in 2023.  Now for a few regulatory updates. On March the 30th, we filed a request for the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to forego a rate case filing this year after we reached an agreement with the major customer and environmental groups. We look forward to the Commission's decision in 60 to 90 days. At this time, we're in the midst of rate reviews at two of our smaller utilities, North Shore gas and Michigan gas utilities. These proceedings are to support important investments in our distribution infrastructure. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Kevin, thank you very much. As we look to the remainder of the year, assuming normal weather, we expect to reach the top end of our earnings guidance for 2021. That stands at $3.99 a share to $4.03 a share. We're also reaffirming our projection of long-term earnings growth in a range of 5% to 7% a year. And as you may recall, in January, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.6575 that was an increase of 7.1% over the previous quarterly rate. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We are in the middle of that range now so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And now Xia will provide you with more details on our financials and our second quarter guidance show. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thanks Gale. Our 2021 first quarter earnings of $1.61 per share increased $0.18 per share compared to the first quarter of 2020. Our favorable results for the first quarter of 2021 were driven by a number of factors. These included the continued execution of our capital plan, colder winter weather conditions, stronger weather normalized sales, increased production tax credits, lower interest expense, and continued emphasis on operating efficiency. The earnings package placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of first quarter results on page 14. I'll walk through the significant drivers impacting our earnings per share. Starting with our utility operations, we grew our earnings by $0.04 compared to the first quarter of 2020. First quarter winter weather conditions when compared to the first quarter of last year drove a $0.05 increase in earnings. Also rate adjustments and weather normalized sales added $0.05compared to the first quarter of 2020. Negative drivers included $0.04 of higher depreciation and amortization expense and $0.02 increase in day to day O&M expense. The increase in O&M expense was more than offset by the favorable performance of our Rabbi trust performance. Rabbi trust investment included in the corporate and other segments. Overall, we added $0.04 quarter-over-quarter from utility operation. Moving on to our investment in American Transmission Company, we picked up a $0.01 related to continued capital investment. Recall that our investment is now earning a return on equity of 10.52%. We are aware of the recent proposal to remove incentive ROE adders for RTO membership. With that ATC would lose the 50 basis point ROE adder on an annualized basis, it would be a $0.02 earnings drag for WEC. Of course, we're watching the developments closely. Earning at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.02 in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter of 2020, primarily from production tax credit related to wind farm acquisition. These include the Blooming Grove Wind Farm placing service in December 2020 and the Tatanka Ridge Wind Farm, which came online in early January. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our corporate and other segments increased $0.11 driven by improved Rabbi trust investment performance, some favorable tax items resolved in the quarter, and lower interest expense. In summary, we improved on our first quarter 2020 performance by $0.18 per share. Now I'd like to update you on some other financial items. For the full year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 13% and 14%. Excluding the benefit of unprotected taxes flowing to customers we project our 2021 effective tax rate would be between 19% and 20%. As in past years, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2021. Our projections show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our current capital plan. Looking now at the cash flow statement on page six of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities decreased $295 million. Our increase in cash earnings in the first quarter of 2021 was more than offset by higher working capital requirements. The spike in natural gas costs came throughout the central part of the country this February, coupled with customer arrears contributed to the increase in working capital, however, with normal collection practices underway in our major markets. We expect working capital to improve throughout the remainder of the year. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $590 million in the first quarter of 2021, a $94 million increase from 2020. On the financing front, with the $600 million holdco issuance in March, along with our refinancing efforts last year, the average interest rate on our holdco senior note is now 1.8% compared to 3.5% a year ago. This will continue to provide a favorable interest variance throughout the year. In closing, before I turn it back to Gale, I'd like to provide our guidance for the second quarter and full year 2021. For the quarter, we're expecting a range of $0.75 to $0.77 per share. This account for April weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.76 cents per share in the second quarter last year. Excluding $0.03 of better than normal weather and a $0.03 pickup from a FERC ROE decision, we would have earned $0.70 per share in the second quarter of 2020. As Gale mentioned earlier, we are guiding to the top end of our range for the full year. And as a reminder that range is $3.99 per share to $4.03per share. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year.  With that I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we are now ready to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
ShahriarPourreza: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
GaleKlappa: You are still on your unidentified bunker in Jersey, Shar?
ShahriarPourreza: That's right. That's right, undetermined when I go back. But yes, that's correct. Hope you're well, Gale. Excellent. So, Gale just the policy question. And then just the fundamental question in a second. But we've seen some movement in Illinois on sort of the policy front saw Pritzker come out last week against the QIP again, you seem more skeptical on the prospects for legislation this spring? Can you maybe share sort of the data points that have been moving around any updated thoughts there? And anything on the dialogue around the QIP?
GaleKlappa: Sure, I'll be happy to, Shar. Well, first of all, as you know, there are numerous competing bills now on the energy front, in Illinois. And there's an old country song that says a long way to go and a short time to get there. And that's kind of I think the situation in Illinois, coupled with the fact that not only is the time running out in terms of the length of the legislative session, but also understanding is what's legislator over the budget for Illinois, which has been historically contemptuous, contentious, and redistricting. So there is a lot on their plate. And we'll see what happens. But the number of competing bills, lots of discussion going on, we'll see if anything really does take place. But I would remind everyone, that the focus remains very much on the electric side of the business there, which were not involved with potential subsidies for Exelon's nuclear plants. So there are lots of things going on there. And I suspect that rider for example, that we have at people's gas, it is not necessarily the major focus of what's going on right now we'll see. But again, even if that rider were to be repealed, and I don't really think it will, then we would revert all of the utilities would simply revert to normal rate cases with forward looking test periods. So time will tell but we're not overly concerned at the moment, in terms of the future of what needs to be done in Illinois.
ShahriarPourreza: Terrific, and then maybe probably a question more for Scott and Xia. But with a strong start to the year, it is clearly you guys highlighted in your prepared remarks. Is it too early, kind of in your view to discuss potentially pulling some O&M forward? Is that something that you could look to do, the performance keeps up? So how do we sort of think about that?
GaleKlappa: Well, I'd be happy to have Scott and Xia have their view. I will say this; we got a lot of year ahead, including a large quarter in the summer quarter. So we'll have to see. I think what weather bodes for. I mean, Scott, I would think the biggest swing we're looking at potentially is weather in the summer. 
ScottLauber: Yes, you're exactly right. As you think about the summer months, July and August, are the biggest month during the summer. And what we'll do is just like we did last year; we'll keep monitoring it and look at our stuff every day. And as you get closer nearly end of the year, we definitely have lists of projects going both ways. The weather doesn't come through or also weather does come. So we'll continue to look at it but it's a long ways but yes before we can do that.
GaleKlappa: I will say Scott and Xia have a list on there, checking it twice.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Smith with Bank of America.
JulienSmith: Hey, thanks for the time guys. Listen, you all are announcing quite a bit on the regulated investment front of late. Nice details on the call just now. Just curious as to how you think about the targets itself, right obviously doing well on the year. And have you thought about the longer data targets, I think you had 800 megawatts of solar, 600 storage, 100 a wind? And obviously you've articulated the preponderance of these targets already. So just curious you, again, admittedly, you're just well on track, or is there actually some potential upsides these as best you see, I'm just curious how you would frame that?
GaleKlappa: Well, we'll let Kevin give you his view on that as well. But I will say this, remember that much of what we want to accomplish in terms of adding renewables for this five year period, we want to have in service in 2023, and 2020, those of the years where we would retire some older, particularly the older units at our Oak Creek campus, those are the years when we would retire the older, less efficient coal fired capacity. So my view is we're ahead of schedule, in terms of announcing these projects. And as Kevin said, more to come. But again, thinking about the gestation period, the approval period, and the construction period. And I think, as you said, there'll be more to come, but I would see us as slightly ahead of schedule, but the schedule being intact.
KevinFletcher: Gale just underscore that we are a bit ahead of schedule. But again, as I said in prepared remarks, there will be more to come because there are other opportunities out there that we're evaluating. So stay tuned.
JulienSmith: Excellent. And if I can, maybe to follow up on the last question here, in obviously doing well in '21 here. How would you frame the longer-term sales forecast here, the 1% to 1.3% sales growth for '20 through '25? Because obviously Foxconn plays into some of that math. You alluded to it a moment ago in your prepared remarks, as well as obviously some of the, I believe you've seen some residential tailwinds here. Can you elaborate a little bit on how that kind of fits the puts and takes against your longer term?
GaleKlappa: Yes, I'll be happy to and I'm also going to ask Scott to give you his view. But first, let me address something that I think is not particularly well understood about the Foxconn situation, because I think it's important in terms of how it plays into our sales forecast. So we talked about the revised agreement with the state. Importantly, that agreement with the state runs through basically 2026. The earlier the first agreement that Foxconn had with the state was a much longer term agreement. So it would be a mistake to think that what's on the table now, where Foxconn has clear line of visibility on what they will produce at the campus. It's a mistake to think that that's all there is. In fact, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Foxconn is still saying that their aspirational goal is to make this campus one of the largest producers of data infrastructure hardware in the United States. So the door is wide open for future projects beyond this period. And again, the first agreement the state had with Foxconn ran more than 10 years. This agreement is shorter term and deliberately so but does not preclude additional long term investment. In fact, the doors open for additional long term investment at that campus. Having said all that, when I and Scott view our sales forecast that we publicly announced, that's pretty darn and solid.
ScottLauber: Yes, that looks exactly right, Gale, when you look at our sales forecast, that 1% to 1.3% growth in those years, feel so good about that, because all the projects that we have announced, are still there and still developing. In fact, we're even talking about Uline today on the call. So feeling good about that. And I think in the past, we've talked about that growth in southeastern Wisconsin, over a $1 billion of new development beyond the projects that we have listed, and that continues to grow. So and feeling good about the forecast overall, I'm really happy where the quarter came in.
JulienSmith: Inclusive of that residential tailwind, actually, if I can elaborate this or ask you to elaborate in a quickly on southeast Wisconsin, reshoring is a major topic focus on manufacturing domestically here. Any other comments on additional new development or nascent efforts on that front?
GaleKlappa: Short answer is yes, none that I can give names to at the moment, but I will tell you, and as you know, I've been involved in economic development here for a number of years, through the Milwaukee 7 which is our Regional Economic Development Initiative. I will tell you that our, the number of prospects, particularly from a high tech manufacturing standpoint, the number of prospects looking at this area. I've not seen this robust in any time that I've been here and it's close to 20 years that I've been back in Wisconsin. So again, that gives us a lot of optimism about the regional economy, about the attractiveness of Wisconsin as a manufacturing center. And, as they say, in the UK, watch this space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
DurgeshChopra: Hey, good afternoon, Gale thanks for taking my question doing well, thank you. Great quarter, Xia, maybe just on the quarter, can you help us reconcile the 161 to guidance? It's weather and better COVID related sales trends, but can you just quantify those pieces? And if I'm missing anything else?
XiaLiu: Yes, sure. So overall, the weather was kind of in line with the guidance, I think what came in a little better for several things. One is we would resolve older tax item, historical tax item. So that can mean better. And we were a little bit conservative on O&M and interest saving, and PTC. So overall, just all the business units performed better than what we guided.
DurgeshChopra: Got it. So weather was normal, it was more so driven by this tax item and just O&M interest expense coming lower than expected. Can you quantify the tax item for us?
XiaLiu: So it's about $0.04, $0.03 to $0.04 better than what we guided on. 
DurgeshChopra: Okay, perfect. Thank you. Just and quick clarification. And that's all I have, Gale; you said the Wisconsin rate case 60 to 90 days. That is from your sort of the date of the filing or from here on when are you expecting a final outcome there?
GaleKlappa: Well, obviously, the commission staff is going through its normal process now. And the 60 to 90 days would be basically from the date of our filing. That's our projection.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
JeremyTonet: Good afternoon. Thanks for having me. Maybe just starting off here. I was just wondering if you could comment on the Biden plan here and how you see that potentially impacting your ESG progress plan. And do you see any impacts on infrastructure investments or associate opportunity over time? Does this kind of change how you think about things here? Or even on the transmission sides? Granted, early innings and things can change a lot just any thoughts? I was curious.
GaleKlappa: And good question, Jeremy. I think our overall view probably can be summarized in maybe three points. First is way too early to tell. As you can imagine, you can imagine the sausage making and the concessions and the changes that are going to take place over the course of I think an extended period of debate, particularly to craft something that could get through the Senate. So I think overall, again, probably way too early to tell. However, there are a couple of things that seem to have very strong consensus, the first I think, would be very beneficial not only to our industry, but to our company in specific. And that's the extension of the production tax credits, the investment tax credits, the application of tax credits to battery storage, and the additional drive toward continuing to incentivize renewables. That obviously will be extremely helpful going forward. And I suspect just based on everything we're seeing and hearing and as we talked to folks in Washington, I think those particular items have very strong consensus and support. In addition to that, I don't think there's any question that if all of the, if all of these tax credits continue to be extended and applied across the board, as we expect there will be, there will continue to be more renewable development, which is helpful to us particularly in terms of our infrastructure segment, and actually our regulated segment as well, but also a continued drive toward expansion of transmission. And as you may have seen, and Kevin has got some very specific statistics. MISO has made a very interesting projection for the next 20 years on how much additional investment just in the mid, the MISO mid footprint that they project for additional transmission that would support renewables. Kevin?
KevinFletcher: Yes, Gale, if you look at the MISO, it was long transmission plans, they suggest a $30 billion to $100 billion potential transmission investment over that 10 to 20 year period that Gale mentioned, we'll know more about that later in the year, but certainly that's good for ATC and for us.
GaleKlappa: Jeremy, I hope that helps to answer your question at this point.
JeremyTonet: That's very helpful. Thank you. Separately, appreciating that the ROE hit is small for you. Just wondering what your thoughts are on first proposed transmission incentive changes against the backdrop of wanting to increase transmission development for optimizing renewable deployment? 
GaleKlappa: Well, on the surface, the reduction of the ROE adder or a 50 basis point reduction on the surface, it really doesn't seem to be supportive of the overall broad public policy of the administration. But I continue to believe that the tailwind of public policy will move FERC in a direction of setting allowed ROEs for transmission companies that are at least at or above the retail allowed ROEs in most states. I still believe that would be the case. So we'll see how in course, this is a proposed, we'll see how all that shakes out. And again, minor hit to us. But I really think that at the end of the day, the FERC policy is going to have to be reflective of the administration's broader policy on renewables, which must mean incentivizing transmission.
JeremyTonet: Got it. It makes sense. And just the last one, if I could, as you mentioned, at the onset of the call, there appears to be renewed focus on an attention on resilience in reliability in the aftermath of Winter Storm Uri, and we saw intertwining impacts across the energy economy here. Do you see this impacting your service territory and investment opportunity? Even just thinking about line five is kind of a high profile example here where your state appears somewhat at odds with this focus? If you have any thoughts you could share here, that'd be helpful.
GaleKlappa: Yes, I'd be happy to. Well, first of all, bedrock of our entire approach to managing this business and serving customers has been resilience and reliability. As I mentioned earlier, that focus that execution came through in spades, when the polar vortex event associated with Yuri when temperatures hit minus 42 degrees Fahrenheit in the northern portion of our service area. So at the level, I think our Public Service Commission, I think, the gubernatorial administration, there, they've been very supportive of resilience and reliability. And that, for example, is another reason why just to make to maintain resilience and reliability in very difficult climates during the winter. It's another reason why we're optimistic that we'll get approval for the LNG storage facilities that we have before the Public Service Commission today. So I don't see state policy, particularly Public Service Commission positions in any way being at odds with resilience or reliability in our region. In fact, I think the recent events just underscore how important that is.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
MichaelWeinstein: Hey, Gale, Scott, how you doing? I hope you guys are well. I'm doing good. We're getting into the summer, right. Everything is going to get better in the summer, so feeling great, feeling much better. Much better year than last year, hopefully.
GaleKlappa: Just crank up your area. It's all good.
MichaelWeinstein: Yes, exactly. Hey, your asset growth projections through 2025, previously is 7% right now you're talking about ramping up the carb or the greenhouse gas reduction goals, right through that period between 2025 and 2030. Does that increase that asset growth rate at all during that period? And also, does that mean that you might be at the higher end of the ETS growth range as well.
GaleKlappa: I think there are probably two pieces to the answer to that question. And our capital plan and our $16.1 billion ESG progress plan from now through 2025. That is unchanged based on the announcements that we've made today. Now, as you know, we refresh and we update our capital plan every fall going into the, I conference and on our analysts call in late October, early November. So we'll have a refreshed five year capital plan going forward, and we'll take a look to see whether or not there may be some additional investment upsides associated with the continuing progress we're making on co2 and methane reduction. But the short answer is for this particular five year period 2021 through 2025, no change.
MichaelWeinstein: Okay. And those reductions or those targets are across the enterprise, or is that just the utilities?
GaleKlappa: Well, no, first of all, with our wind projects and the infrastructure segment, how many co2 you saw. This would relate specifically to our operating utilities.
MichaelWeinstein: Okay, I guess I'm thinking about it the wrong way. I'm thinking about percentage of renewable assets along those lines. And then one question for Xia, this is more technical, but with the rabbi trust up $0.04 and O&M down $0.02. Does that mean that essentially O&M was not related to the rabbi trust; it was reduced by $0.02?
XiaLiu: Yes, it's not exactly dollar for dollar, but directionally you're exactly right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
MichaelLapides: Hey, guys, thank you for taking my question. I have a couple just I want to make sure I understand some of the environmental targets you're trying to hit. Is what you're basically saying, Gale, or Kevin is that you think by the end of 2025, the only remaining coal plants you'll probably have still operating or the old Oak Creek plant, the Elm Road plant that's part of power the future? And maybe Western 4 and everything else probably shut down by then.
GaleKlappa: Really, the two campuses that would remain are the new Oak Creek units and the Weston side. You're exactly right.
MichaelLapides: But just Weston 4 or kind of or other unit, I forget what else is there whether one of the older units is there as operating as well?
GaleKlappa: Scott, there is Weston 3
ScottLauber: Yes, both Weston 3 and Weston 4 will still be operating.
MichaelLapides: Got it. Okay. And then, I guess my second question is, when you're thinking about the non regulated the energy infrastructure segment, it seems that you've had a lot of opportunities to come in and kind of buy projects from developers. Just curious how that landscape is changing, if at all, given the fact that lot of your peers, you were an early mover, but lots of your peers among the large cap regulated utilities in the Midwest. They're all kind of trying to compete and buy a lot of the same projects as well. So I'm just curious if returns on that business are being competed downward, given the factor more bidders, whether it's Amerens or AEPs or some of your other neighbors, or whether just the landscape is so big, there's so many projects we haven't gotten to that point yet.
GaleKlappa: I'm chuckling Michael, because I remember you were asking a question earlier on your email about the Memphis Grizzlies as well. And it reminded me of a comment from Coach Bud here with the Bucks who said this is a copycat lead, we steal from each other. So I think some of our brother may be stealing from our early idea, which is just fine. But the truth of matter is we have not seen any kind of for us our pipeline of potential projects that we are taking a look at. And being very, very careful with our due diligence, that pipeline of additional projects is as robust as it's ever been. And the returns, again, as Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks on the Jayhawk project that we just announced, returns are as good as we expected them to be. So we haven't seen any diminution of either potential project opportunities or the financial metrics at this stage of the game. And I don't expect we will.
MichaelLapides: Got it. And then one last one, just curious. It's been a little quiet in the sector on the M&A front. And just how are you thinking about kind of this point in time for utility M&A in general, relative to kind of other cycles that you've seen in your history, Gale?
GaleKlappa: Oh, gosh, that's a great question, Michael. We've seen two or three cycles over the last 30 years or so driven by different motivations, I think. So I'm not sure that comparing the cycles is necessarily the right thing to do, because I think the motivations for the M&A were different. Having said all of that, longer term, I still believe we're in a consolidating industry. I still believe that scale matters. The good news is we have significant scale and continuing efficiency opportunities. But I think over time, you'll probably see a different form of M&A at least in my opinion than what you saw over the last five or six years. I think less in terms of premiums and more in terms of mergers of equal type opportunities, scale still does matter growth still does matter. Efficiencies still does matter. So we've clearly seen a low as you probably would expect going through a pandemic. I don't think there's going to be a giant uptick immediately in M&A in our industry. But over time, I do believe it's still a consolidating industry. But I would suspect that the criteria will be much closer to the ones that we use. And I can just briefly repeat those again if you'd like. And that is we'd have to be convinced after significant due diligence, that an acquisition would be additive or accretive to earnings per share in the first full year after closing. The second is we worked very hard and one of the stronger balance sheets in the industry. And we're not going to trash the balance sheet to do it. And the third is really important as well in that is that you'd have to really believe that the growth rate of anything that we would acquire would be at least as strong as our own organic growth rate. So read that at least 5% to 7% a year. Hope that answers your question, Michael.
MichaelLapides: No, that's super helpful. And last point, my kids will hate me for saying this because they're Knicks fans, and they play each other tonight, but Go Grizz.
GaleKlappa: Amen. Go Grizz. By the way, you know that the head coach of the Grizzlies used to be on our staff here in Milwaukee, he is a great guy.
MichaelLapides: He is a great guy. And he's been -- this year has been a little tough, but they'll turn it. It's early, we got some time.
GaleKlappa: Amen. Good luck tonight.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
AnthonyCrowdell: Good afternoon. Longtime first time here. Just hopefully, so two maybe high level questions, I guess the first is I think you spoke about maybe less than 10% or 10% of the company's revenues, or I don't know if you said revenues or earnings are going to be from coal assets. I'm just curious, is there something with that figure like? Is there a target 10? Does that include the company to any ESG indices or anything, or how the company comes up with the 10% number?
GaleKlappa: Well, we came up with a 10% number simply by doing an accurate estimation with the math. And just to be clear, again, thank you raising an important point, by the end of 2025, we would expect our revenues and our asset base tied to coal will be both are less than 10%. And the reason we wanted to mention that is I think there's perhaps been a perception on some investors, that we still have a very large portion of our asset base types as simply as we reshape our energy and our asset mix. That's simply not the case number one. The other thing that I think is really an important point here is that we can achieve not only the 2025 goal, but also the very aggressive 80% reduction in co2 emissions by the end of 2030 with existing technology, some operating refinements and some retirements. And so that I think gives you a sense of how dynamic are reshaping of our asset mix is and how small the reliance will continue to be obviously, less than 10% by 2025. And we think lower than that by 2030. 
AnthonyCrowdell: Great, thank you. And lastly, I think a question earlier, you highlighted that the polar vortex you had really highlighted the strength of your infrastructure, and maybe that gives the regulators maybe a tailwind on approving additional programs or capital. I guess if I could put that question around, though, and thinking how strong maybe your fossil infrastructure performs. Does that give the regulators any pause on approving the company's ESG platform? If we think about some are blaming what happened in Texas and maybe fault of some of the renewable projects that were going there? And given how strong your thoughts on infrastructure work this past winter? Does that maybe cause any pause on build out of renewables?
GaleKlappa: Great question. And I think the honest answer is we have intelligent and very well informed State Public Service Commission here. And they recognize that basically for, to give you a very specific example, during the polar vortex event in February, we had to have everything running to keep the lights on and the gas flowing everything. The coal units, the nuclear units, the wind farms, the solar, everything had to be operating given the demands that we saw. So to the contrary, I think the diversity of our fuel mix, just -- the way it performed and needed to perform for public safety, I think underscores the fact that we have to have a diverse fuel mix going forward. And clearly, we think we can maintain not only think we know we can maintain reliability by adding this amount of renewables, but it's possible because we have such efficient, strong dispatchable fossil units. So put that all together, and we can still achieve an 80% reduction in co2 and co2 emissions. So I hope that response to your question, Anthony.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank Global.
AndrewWeisel: I'm good. Still smarting a little bit from the Bucks beating the nest last night. But we get another chance tomorrow.
GaleKlappa: You do? Well, I might not let you ask a question if you're going to root for the nest tomorrow.
AndrewWeisel: How about a few questions? So the first one is, you mentioned, first of all, congrats on the new emission reduction targets. That's always good to see. I think you said the 2030 target now will include the use of some existing technologies. Does that include stuff that's available but not yet economic, but you're expecting cost reductions to make it economically to this decade.
GaleKlappa: No. I think it includes three things; retirement of older, less efficient units, some operating refinements on the ground, and essentially executing our capital plan to add the renewable mix that we're talking about. But no other technology needed. Pretty cool.
AndrewWeisel: Yes, impressive. Could that provide even more upside at some out of the money things become in the money?
GaleKlappa:  Possibly, yes, possibly. Certainly. Again, not, I wouldn't expect that to occur between now and 2025. But you never say never for eight or nine or 10 years out. So we will see but yes.
AndrewWeisel: Okay, great, then I believe your 2050 goal is net zero from generating in stations. Does that target also include net zero from company operations like offices and vehicle fleets?
GaleKlappa: Well, we've got -- the truth of matter is the absolute preponderance of our emissions, our co2 emissions are obviously coming from the operation of our generating fleet, we'll step back. So basically, the goal really just covers the generation fleet. We'll step back and look at our other operations as well. But we have an aggressive program over the course of the next few years, Kevin to add electric vehicles to our to field fleet.
KevinFletcher: Oh, that's exactly right, Gale. And we'll continue to do evaluate that over time, and as more vehicles are become available, especially on the commercial side, then our shifting over to EV and our fleets in warehouse equipment will continue as well. But we do have those targets established now.
AndrewWeisel: Okay, great. Then just one last one, I just want to clarify on the energy infrastructure. I think you said you spent $1.9 billion and plan to spend another $1.4 billion or sorry $1.5 billion. Rather, that would be a total of $3.4 billion. Your guidance for the five year period is 2.2. Is that an increase? Are you simply including stuff from before the '21 to '25 period?
GaleKlappa: Now we're including some things from the past. And I think the key to look at there is the additional $1.5 billion that we will still allocate to this segment between now and the end of 2025. And of course, we're way ahead of schedule, which is good news.
AndrewWeisel: Okay, but you're sticking to 2.2 for '21 to '25, right?
GaleKlappa: That's our story, and we're sticking to it, Andrew.
AndrewWeisel: Just to be sure that, am I correct to assume that doesn't include any potential changes from DC around either corporate tax policy or renewable tax credits?
GaleKlappa: You're correct. That assumes status quo.
Gale Klappa: Well folks, this concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating. If you have any more questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at 414-221-4639 Thanks, everybody. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's conference call for Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2020 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions]. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time.  Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated.  During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers.  In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call.  And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for our calendar year 2020. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, our President and CEO; Scott Lauber, our Chief Operating Officer; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations.  As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported full year 2020 earnings of $3.79 a share. Xia will provide you with more detail on our financial metrics in just a few minutes.  But first, I'm pleased to report that we delivered a record year on virtually every meaningful measure of performance from customer service to network reliability to earnings per share, despite the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic.  Our focus on efficiency, on financial discipline and an encouraging rebound in energy demand during the second half of the year resulted in the highest net income from operations and the highest earnings per share in company history. And throughout the difficulties of a pandemic year, we also accelerated our support for the communities we serve.  In total, our companies and foundations donated more than $20 million to nonprofits across our service area, including more than $2 million to direct COVID-19 relief efforts. We also made significant progress on diversity and inclusion. We spent a record $303 million with diverse suppliers during the year, and through our Board refreshment, 46% of our Board members now are women or minorities. In addition, we set new aggressive goals as we continue to improve our environmental footprint.  In fact, I'm pleased to report that based on preliminary data for 2020, we reduced carbon dioxide emissions by 50%, below 2005 levels, and we have, as you know, a well-defined plan to achieve a 55% reduction by the end of 2025. Over the longer term, we expect to reduce carbon emissions by 70% by 2030, and as we look out to the year 2050, the target for our generation fleet is net zero carbon.  Our new 5-year capital plan lays out a road map for achieving these goals. We call it our ESG progress plan. The largest 5-year plan in our history. It calls for investment in efficiency, sustainability and growth, and it drives average annual growth in our asset base of 7% with no need for additional equity. Highlights of the plan include 1,800 megawatts of wind, solar and battery storage that would be added to our regulated asset base in Wisconsin.  And we've allocated an additional $1.8 billion to our infrastructure segment, where we see a robust pipeline of high-quality renewable projects, projects that have long-term contracts with strong creditworthy customers. All in all, our plan positions us to deliver among the very best risk-adjusted returns our industry has to offer.  And now let's take a brief look at the regional economy. It was, of course, an unusual year for everyone, but many of our commercial and industrial customers prove to be quite resilient, providing essential products and services, such as food, plastics, paper, packaging and electronic controls. The latest available data show Wisconsin's unemployment rate at 5.5%. That's more than a full percentage point better than the national average.  And as we look to the year ahead, we see positive signs of continued growth. For example, Green Bay packaging is building a major expansion of its mill in Northeastern Wisconsin. It's a $500 million addition and is expected to be completed later this year. The Foxconn, Komatsu mining, HARIBO and Milwaukee Tool projects that we've reported to you in the past are all moving forward as well. So we remain optimistic about the strength of the regional economy and our long-term sales growth.  Finally, I know many of you are interested in our rate case calendar for the year ahead. As you know, under normal circumstances, our Wisconsin Utilities would be filing rate reviews later this spring for energy rates that would go into effect on January 1, 2022. Of course, we're in the middle of anything but normal times, and I can tell you that we've begun discussions with the commission staff, and we'll be talking with other major stakeholders to determine whether a 1-year delay in a filing would be in everyone's best interest. I expect the final decision on this around the end of the first quarter.  And now I'll be happy to turn the call over to Scott for more detail on our sales results and our forecast for 2021 as well as an update on our infrastructure segment and our O&M performance. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Turning now to sales. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of 2020, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 27,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown beginning on Page 17 of the earnings package. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine, were down 2.1% compared to 2019, and on a weather normal basis, deliveries were down 2.9%.  Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin decreased 7.9% versus 2019 and by 2.4% on a weather normal basis. This excludes gas used for power generation. On the electric side, you'll note the positive trend that we have seen in residential sales has continued. Importantly, it has counterbalanced the weakness in small commercial and industrial sales caused by the pandemic. Meanwhile, large commercial industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine, were down 7.1% for the full year compared to 2019 on a weather normal basis. However, these sales were only down 4.6% for the fourth quarter, a notable positive trend, reflecting the recovery of Wisconsin's economy.  Now I'd like to briefly touch on our 2021 sales forecast for our Wisconsin segment. We are using 2019 as a base for 2021 retail projections. We're using 2019 because it represents a more typical year. We are forecasting a decrease of 1.5% in weather normal retail electric deliveries, excluding the iron ore mine compared to 2019. This would represent a 1.4% increase compared to 2020. We expect large commercial and industrial sales to continue to improve and anticipate the same positive offsetting relationship between residential sales and small commercial industrial sales.  For our natural gas business, we project weather normalized retail gas deliveries to decrease by 2.4% compared to 2019. This leads the projected sales outlook compared to 2020 relatively flat. With this in mind, we remain focused on operating efficiencies and financial discipline across our business. We lowered operations and maintenance costs by more than 3% in 2020, and we continue to adapt new technology and apply best practices. We plan to reduce our operations and maintenance expense by an additional 2% to 3% in 2021.  I also have an update on our infrastructure segment. The Blooming Grove and Tatanka Ridge projects are in service now and came in ahead of time and on budget. As a reminder, our Thunderhead Wind investment is projected to go in service by the end of the third quarter. We expect this segment to contribute an incremental $0.08 to earnings in 2021.  And now I'll turn it over to Kevin for his update on utility operations.
Joseph Fletcher: Thank you, Scott. Throughout 2020, we kept the energy flowing to our customers safely and reliably. Our largest utility, We Energies, was named the most reliable electric company in the Midwest for the tenth year running, and our Peoples Gas subsidiary was named the most trusted brand and a customer champion for the second year in a row by Escalent, a leading behavior and analytics firm. Now I'll review where we stand on current projects and our ESG progress plan. As you heard in our last call, the 2 Creek solar farm is now operating. As we've mentioned, this is a very large project.  In fact, just days after achieving commercial operation this past November, our share of this project accounted for more than 20% of the solar output in the entire MISO generation market. Also in Wisconsin, We Energies is making progress in the approval process for two liquefied natural gas facilities, which would provide enhanced savings and reliability during our cold winters. If approved, we expect to be in construction in the fall of this year and to invest approximately $370 million in total to bring the facilities in operation in 2023.  And as Gale just mentioned, our ESG progress plan includes 1,800 megawatts of wind, solar and battery storage. Filings with the Wisconsin Commission for a number of these projects will begin in the first quarter.  Turning to Illinois. As you may recall, we are in the midst of a rate review for one of our smaller subsidiaries, North Shore Gas, which serves approximately 160,000 customers in the northern suburbs of Chicago. Rates for North Shore Gas were lapped set more than 5 years ago before we acquired the company. Since then, we have consistently invested capital to serve our customers while reducing operating costs. The Illinois Commerce Commission has set a schedule for concluding the case. Greetings are expected to begin in late April with the final order in September.  And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Kevin, thank you very much. We're confident that we can deliver our 2021 earnings guidance in the range of $3.99 a share to $4.03 a share. This represents earnings growth of between 7% and 8% of our 2020 base of $3.73 a share. And you may have seen the announcement that our Board of Directors, at its January meeting, raised our quarterly cash dividend to $0.6775 a share for the first quarter of 2021. It's an increased focus of 7.1%. And the new quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $2.71 a share, and this marks the 18th consecutive year that our company will reward shareholders with higher dividends.  We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. Right smack dab in the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share.  Next up, Xia will provide you with more detail on our financials and our first quarter guidance. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Our 2020 earnings of $3.79 per share increased $0.21 per share compared to 2019. Our favorable 2020 results were driven by a number of factors: These included the execution of our capital plan, rate adjustments at our Wisconsin Utilities, ROE improvement at American transmission company, production tax credit in our infrastructure business and continued emphasis on operating efficiency.  These factors helped us to overcome the sales impact of COVID-19 and mild winter weather, and all of our utilities met their financial goals in 2020. The earnings package placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of 2020 results on Page 21. I'll walk through the significant drivers impacting our earnings per share.  Starting with our utility operations, we grew our earnings by $0.22 compared to 2019. First, O&M expenses were favorable. This includes $0.08 from lower day-to-day O&M expenses and $0.09 from lower sharing amounts in 2020 at our Wisconsin Utilities. Second, despite the impact of COVID-19 and reduced wholesale and other margins, rate adjustments at our Wisconsin Utilities continued capital investment and fuel drove a net $0.21 increase in earnings. Third, we had $0.12 of higher depreciation and amortization expense and an estimated $0.05 decrease in margins related to mild winter weather year-over-year. These factors partially offset the favorable items we discussed.  Overall, we added $0.22 year-over-year from utility operations. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company increased $0.08 per share compared to 2019. Recall that $0.07 of $0.08 were driven -- was due to ROE changes from FERC orders issued in November 2019 and May 2020, $0.04 resulted from the November 2019 order and $0.03 from the May 2020 order and $0.01 came mainly from continued capital investment.  Earnings at our energy infrastructure segment improved $0.05 in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily from production tax credits related to wind farm acquisitions. These include the Coyote Ridge Wind Farm placed in service at the end of 2019. Additional 10% ownership of the upstream wind energy center and the Blooming Grove Wind Farm came online in early December. Finally, you'll observe that we recorded a $0.09 charge in Corporate and Other to account for the make-whole premiums we incurred in the fourth quarter as we refinance certain holding company debt to take advantage of lower interest rates. The remaining $0.05 decrease is related to some tax and other items, partially offset by lower interest expense. In summary, WEC improved on our 2019 performance by $0.21 per share.  Now I'd like to update you on some other financial items. Our effective income tax rate was 15.9% for 2020. Excluding the benefit of unprotected taxes flowing to customers, our rate was 20.2%.  Looking to 2021, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 13% and 14%. Excluding the benefit of unprotected taxes flowing to customers, we project our 2021 effective tax rate to be between 19% and 20%.  As in past years, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2021. Our projections show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our current capital plan.  Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $149.5 million. Our increase in cash earnings in 2020 more than offset by higher working capital requirements, primarily related to COVID-19 and by higher pension contributions.  Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $2.9 billion in 2020, a $345 million increase from 2019. This reflects our investment focus in our regulated utility and contracted renewable businesses at our Energy Infrastructure segment.  In terms of financing activities, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we opportunistically refinanced over $1 billion of holding company debt, reducing the average interest rate of these notes from 3.3% to 1.5%.  We continue to demonstrate our commitment to strong credit quality. As expected, our FFO to debt ratio was 15.4% in 2020. Adjusting for the impact of voluntary pension contributions and customer arrays related to COVID-19, our FFO to debt was 16.9% in 2020.  At the end of 2020, our ratio of holding company debt to total debt was 28%, and below our 30% target. In addition, as Gale mentioned, we have no need for additional equity over the 5-year forecast period.  Finally, let's look at our guidance for the first quarter of 2021. Last year, we earned $1.43 per share in the first quarter. We project first quarter 2021 earnings to be in the range of $1.45 per share to $1.47 per share. We have taken into account mild weather to date, and this forecast assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. For full year 2021, we are reaffirming our annual guidance of $3.99 to $4.03 per share. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you so much. We're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready to open it up for a little trash talking and the Q&A portion of our conference call today.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
James Kennedy: Sorry to disappoint, it's actually James for Shahriar.
Gale Klappa: That's all right, better looking and younger.
James Kennedy: Yes, exactly. The easier question. So I guess, if we could start on the infrastructure side, you've laid out $2.2 billion going forward. How should we sort of think about the cadence of that? And does the extension of tax credits earlier this month kind of change any of your timing or thoughts there? Any changes in the opportunity set?
Gale Klappa: Happy to answer those questions. First of all, for the 5-year plan, we've laid out $1.8 billion of additional capital in that 5-year plan. As I mentioned in our -- in the prepared remarks that we're going through due diligence on a number of projects right now. We've got a robust pipeline that we're looking at. And because we're so far ahead of schedule on our infrastructure segment right now, we can afford to be very selective and really cherry-pick only the very best projects that meet or exceed our criteria.  So long story short, the cadence will continue. It wouldn't surprise me if we have 1 or 2 more announcements during the calendar year 2021. And then regarding the change in the tax credits, the extension of the tax credits. Really, all that does, I think, is give us even more to look at in the pipeline. It certainly does not in any way diminish our opportunity set.  And remember that we're really utilizing our tax appetite here as a way to continue to grow earnings, continue to improve our environmental footprint and build optionality for down the road when we're certainly going to need in our retail rate base, a more carbon free energy.
Joseph Fletcher: Just so there is no confusion, it is $2.2 billion in the 5-year plan, $400 million of that is the Thunderhead project that has been announced already. The additional $1.8 million is just what hasn't been announced yet. Just so there is no confusion.
Gale Klappa: Yes. We have $1.8 billion to look at. Thunderhead is on its way, we hope, by the end of the third quarter.
James Kennedy: Perfect. And I guess just kind of following on the clean resources side. Since you and Shahriar last spoke, we've seen NextEra formally file at the NRC to extend the life of Point Beach. Have you had any conversations with them yet? Are there any general updates there to think about potential recontracting or retirement?
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, they're in the very early stages of thinking through what they might want to put together for a life extension at Point Beach. And we have had some very preliminary discussions. But one thing that's very clear from our standpoint and NextEra standpoint, we are going to make the best decision possible from the standpoint of economics for our customers whether that includes an extension of Point Beach, whether that includes an investment opportunity, but either way, I see us having a robust investment opportunity set as we get into the next decade, one way or another.
James Kennedy: Got it. Congrats on the strong finish this tough year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: I'm clear on the quarter. Thanks for the update on '21. Just on the rate case front, Gale, just -- have you been here before? So have you done this in Wisconsin before, can you just remind us? And what might the options look like? Could you defer the rate increase? Or if I'm thinking about 2022, could you accelerate your cost savings to sort of stay on target with your 5% to 7% EPS growth rate? Just any color around that would be helpful.
Gale Klappa: Sure. Thank you, Durgesh. I appreciate the question. I mean, the short answer is, yes. We have had stay outs before. In fact, if you think about what occurred after the acquisition of Integrys in 2015, we were out of a rate case for 4 years. Again, in constructive discussions with the commission staff and the intervenor groups.  So again, as I mentioned to you, we're in early stages of discussion right now with the commission staff. We will be talking with all the stakeholder groups. The concept would be rather than potentially filing a rate case on a normal schedule this year, the concept would be, is it in everyone's best interest to have a 1-year delay in the filings for our Wisconsin utilities.  And so we're working on what the outline of that looks like and whether or not, again, everyone would agree that it's in the best interest of all parties involved for us to push out, given where we're at with the economy, et cetera, for us to push out a rate filing for one year. And I do believe those conversations are constructive, and we should have a final decision. I would think around the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So listen, incredible cost reductions, right? And so here's what I want to know. How are you guys continuing to reduce costs as you think about this 2% to 3% after a year where so many of your peers already brought down cost, and the question is the sustainability of those cost reductions. So if you could elaborate on that?  And then separately, just to follow-up on the last one, I'll throw it in there. You've already articulated some benefits on O&M. You've talked about your refinancing activities here that certainly have some tailwinds. What other pieces in this -- what other ingredients are there in terms of a stay out here that are relevant in these conversations, if you may?
Gale Klappa: Okay. Great questions, as always, Julien. Well, first of all, related to the sustainability of O&M reductions, let me be very clear. We have continued runway, and I believe strong sustainability for continued O&M reductions. And let me give you 3 reasons why. I mean, the first is, we're pretty damn good at it, number one. Number two, we continue to benefit from putting in common systems across our footprint. Remember, we had the acquisition of Integrys at the end of 2015. Since then, we have done an enormous amount of work to basically put everybody on the same platforms.  We put in a new general ledger for every one of the companies. Just -- Kevin, just 10 days ago, 12 days ago. We completed a major conversion to a brand-new customer information and billing system where all 7 of our customer-facing utilities are now on that system. That is going to drive the optimization of our call centers, significant cost reduction. So number one, we are very, very good at financial discipline.  Our operating folks are just terrific. Every single area of the company as a cost initiative for 2021 and beyond. And really, it's more than a cost initiative, it's an efficiency initiative.  So I feel very good about basically our DNA in terms of continuing to drive efficiency and best practice across the enterprise, number one. Number two, just the continued ability to optimize the organization. We still have a runway to go there, post the acquisition of Integrys. And the example I gave you of a common customer information and billing system, I think, is a very good example of that. And then thirdly, we've announced, as you know, the retirement of a number of older, less efficient coal-fired power plants. There are significant O&M savings that will derive with the retirement of those plants, particularly over 2023, 2024 and 2025. The retirements are really going to come in that time frame, but there are millions of dollars of cost savings as we retire those plants going forward and replace that capacity with much more efficient technology.  So that's a long answer to your question, but I hope it gives you some color on -- first of all, our success at continuing to drive efficiency, but also our -- the reason why we feel that that's sustainable and ongoing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. And then in terms of the rate case itself, I mean, it sounds like you've got the key ingredients to justify not going in for a rate increase, I suppose.
Gale Klappa: Well, Julien, if we didn't, we'd be talking a whole different story here. Now we feel good about depending upon everyone's view of whether or not it's in the best interest of the state to us for us to stay out for another year. We feel very good about our ability to do that, again for both our customers and our shareholders.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. Excellent. And that comment on '23 to '25, that relates to Columbia here, just to tick and tie thing?
Gale Klappa: Oh, gosh, it relates to the four older units at our Oak Creek site. It relates to Columbia. That was our player to be named later in our investor deck. So that's -- because our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary is a minority or at Columbia, and it relates to a unit as well at Wisconsin Public Service.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So it's across the fleet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to kind of start off with a high-level question, if I could. The Biden administration has some new emission reductions goals out there, and I was just wondering if you had any thoughts on them. And if this becomes law, how this might impact WEC?
Gale Klappa: Are you thinking, Jeremy, specifically about the aspirational goal of a carbon-free grid by 2035? Is that your thought process?
Jeremy Tonet: Yes.
Gale Klappa: Okay. All right. Well, first of all, I think if you asked anyone in our industry, you never say never, but that is one tall -- I would kind of elegizes it to a moonshot actually. When you think about what it would take, and again, the pace of technology development can change all of this.  If you think about what it would practically take to get to a full carbon-free grid by 2035, you would frankly have to have the enormous technological change. If you think about what levers could you pull to get there, and they're probably four. One might be huge advancement in modular nuclear. One might be continuing advancement in the cost effectiveness of carbon capture. One might be a breakthrough in long duration battery storage. The other would be hydrogen.  Again, when you look at where hydrogen is at in terms of bid stage of development, hard to think that, that could be widely available as a tool in 2035. Modular nuclear is a long way away being widely available. So that kind of leaves you with carbon capture. It also leaves you with, can there be some more significant advancement in battery technology for longer duration storage. I think those are the elements that we would continue to look at. If I were a betting man, I would say carbon capture is probably further along. But long story short, it's a tall order. And in the meantime, I think the good news is, our industry has done so much already. Our company has done so much already in emission reduction.  Our goals are mirror the goals in the Paris Climate Accord. So regardless of whether we're totally there in 2035, I think we can continue on the path of reducing emissions. We don't need any change in technology to hit our 2030 goal of a 70% reduction. So I'm still optimistic about the path of emission reductions, and we'll see about 2035. But I guess my bottom line message is, never say never, but it would take very significant technology evolution.
Jeremy Tonet: That's a very helpful economic context. I appreciate that. And just one last one, if I could. Just to clarify here. I might have missed it here, but could you confirm if the guide -- the 7% to 8% guide is based off the $3.73, if that's how we should be thinking about the CAGR here?
Gale Klappa: Yes, it's based off the midpoint of our 2020 original guidance, which is $3.73.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Just a...
Gale Klappa: Your technology may not be doing so good, Michael. Operator, unfortunately, I think Michael cut off there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I have two for you. One is, well, one may be for others on the team, one for you. Just curious, for you, there are lots of states that are talking about or putting out restrictions on gas distribution, customer demand growth or that would impact gas distribution volumetric growth. I guess my question for you is, a, what's your view on that in general? It's clearly had an impact on kind of the pure play gas utilities out in the market, but also just how investors and how policymakers are thinking about gas distribution businesses? And are you seeing any of that type of activity in the states you serve?
Gale Klappa: Short answer -- and it's a good question, Michael. Short answer is no. In fact, I believe, in one of the states we serve, there is -- someone is drafting legislation to make sure there is never a ban on the use of natural gas, particularly for home heating.  A couple of thoughts along those lines. And I'm happy to have Kevin, Xia, Scott, give you their view or add to anything that I might say. First of all, the region we serve, our 4 state area with natural gas. Well, let me give you an example. It's going to get according to the weather forecast. 32 below in international falls Minnesota this Sunday. There is not a heat pump in the world or one under development that could keep you warm at 32 below. So the market share for natural gas heating in each of the 4 states where we provide natural gas is huge. And on average -- in Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Illinois, on average, it's almost a 70% market share. So natural gas for home heating has about a 70% market share. There is a reason for that. It's cost-effective. It's convenient. It's clean. And in these kind of climates, natural gas is really the best alternative.  Now looking way down the road and some have said, well, maybe hydrogen will take the place of natural gas. Well, you still have to get the hydrogen from -- you still have to get the hydrogen to the customers. And as difficult as it would be as difficult as permitting it is as difficult as it is to build infrastructure in this country today, I can't imagine it's practical to develop an entirely new distribution network.  And technologically, we believe, with some slight changes, natural gas distribution network could carry hydrogen fuel. So my sense is that the fear about the future of natural gas is a bit overblown, maybe way overblown. But in a climate like ours, the upper Midwest, natural gas is going to be an important product, I believe, for many years to come. And Scott, we're still seeing very strong customer growth on the natural gas delivery side of the business.
Scott Lauber: Yes, that's correct, Gale. In fact, we are still seeing, especially in Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota, about 1% new customer growth, and we saw a large customer even switch over in the fall from using coal in their industrial process over to natural gas. So we're still seeing really good growth on the customer side and natural gas.
Joseph Fletcher: I don't also we're seeing conversions from propane still as well. So in our geographic area, gas will be a part of our future for the near future.
Gale Klappa: That's a very good point. If you look at market share, I mentioned about a 70% market share for natural gas, propane is in our 4 states, the next most used fuel source. So yes, and people are moving off of propane over to our gas distribution network. Michael, I hope that responds.
Michael Lapides: No, that's super helpful. Just one quick follow-up. Whether organically, meaning via growing the rate base faster than your current plan or inorganically, would you be willing to help the mix of the earnings power of the company even more towards being more towards gas versus electric?
Gale Klappa: Michael, you never say never, but when I think about capital allocation and when the four of us, when Xia, Scott and Kevin and I look at our opportunities with our team, we see so many significant investment opportunities on the electric side. But I don't -- practically, I think our set of investment opportunities is even greater as electrification continues and as the push towards renewables continues. So again, you never say never, but our investment opportunity set, I think, is even more significant on the electric side. That's where our capital allocation will continue to grow.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then last one, if you pardon me. Can you ever disclosed or would you disclose what you think your excess balance sheet capacity is? Meaning how much incremental more investment, whether on the infrastructure segment or at the core utilities in Wisconsin or Illinois or elsewhere, how much incremental investment could you make with your current balance sheet and expected balance sheet before it would require you to seek other external financing that's not just debt financing?
Gale Klappa: So how much more can we do if we were to issue more equity or not issue more equity?
Michael Lapides: Yes. I guess, not issue equity. Like do you have excess balance sheet capacity? Do you have the ability to raise your capital plan without actually having the issue?
Gale Klappa: Well, I'm going to ask Xia to give her view of this as well. I'll give you my overall kind of high level opinion, and that is that we try to marry our capital plan against 3 very important criteria. The first is what is the need? I mean, we're in a -- most of our assets are regulated assets. You have to prove the need to make those investments. So number one, what is the need?  Number two, how do you finance it and maintain the solid credit metrics that we strive to maintain and have maintained. As you know, we have one of the stronger balance sheets in the industry, and we intend to keep it that way. And then number three, if there were an opportunity, would it require more equity, but long story short, we really try -- we really try to balance the need and the financing to maintain the kind of credit quality. Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes, I totally agree. I think I would just add 2 more thoughts. One is, WEC, you heard me say all the utilities met the financial goals in 2020. Actually, that has been a track record. So in terms of putting money to work, and we deploy $3 billion a year. We earn our allowed ROEs at the utilities, and you generate very healthy internal cash as a result. So that's number one.  Number two, you heard us say that for the WEC infrastructure investments, we're very much focused on using our own tax appetite. We focus on the time horizon when we could get the cash back. And we just tried to take advantage not only the investment opportunity, but also the cash flows. So I think, overall, the combination of strong utility performance and the ability to recover the cash from the WEC infrastructure investment, I think, really allows us to continue to be on the trajectory that we have been on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: So just a question in Wisconsin related to the coal shutdowns and regulatory treatment. Could you just remind us what you've done so far with that? And would something related to that potentially be in your stay-out agreement? And how you're kind of thinking about that overall?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Good question, Steve. First of all, if we were to come to a stay-out agreement, it would not involve any discussion or any delineation of a retirement of coal plants because it's outside of the rate case window right now. So again, we're talking about 2023, 2024 for the majority of the retirements that we're talking about, including the one of Columbia that was just announced by Alliant. So there would be no need to address the coal plant retirements in any kind of a stay-out arrangement, if I'm making any sense to you.  Secondly, if you think about what we have done, so we've retired a fair amount of capacity already. We've retired, I think, 65% of our coal-fired capacity since about 2015. And in essence, the unrecovered book balance of those plants has been fully recovered with the exception of $100 million of unrecovered book balance at Plaza Prairie, which is a large coal-fired power plant in Southeastern Wisconsin. That was our most recent retirement. That $100 million is being securitized, in fact, expect to be -- to have a securitization offering this year.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Great. And just one other question is on -- we're going to have a new FERC ultimately Democrat majority. And I'm just curious if you have any thoughts on whether there could be another change in transmission policy or ROEs? Or you think it will stay relatively stable?
Gale Klappa: Steve, I'm guessing relatively stable, if not up. And the reason for that is, when you talk to -- as we have, when you talk to people early now in the Biden administration, there is enormous focus on incentivizing renewable development, as you know, an enormous focus. And I think the point he is that we will see that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I'm guessing, we'll fully understand that you're not going to reach the administration's goals for renewable development without further incentivizing transmission development. Those 2 go hand-in-hand, chicken and egg. I mean, it's got to be done. So it would be almost counter to a huge tailwind to public policy to try to do anything from here that would not continue the return incentives for needed transmission. So my guess is that the overriding public policy will keep things stable or -- at least stable, if not positive at FERC.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo.
Neil Kalton: I'm just curious, EVs have been a pretty hot topic recently, right? All in the news. And I'm wondering how you guys are thinking about your investment opportunity around EVs. How soon you need to start planning for the system? Is this 8 to 10 years out? Are there going to be quicker knees? Just any kind of insight into how you're thinking about it?
Gale Klappa: Okay. Great question, Neil. Well, first of all, the current governor and the current gubernatorial administration here in Wisconsin has a very keen understanding that in order for the state to continue to make progress on CO2 reductions, there has to be a much stronger pickup in terms of electric vehicle penetration. I've heard that. I mean, I've had probably 3 discussions with the governor about this, and he really, really believes that's the case. So do I. So long story short, we have -- there are 2 things going on. First of all, we have filed a modest proposal for EV infrastructure that's pending before the Wisconsin Commission right now. And in addition to that, the Wisconsin Commission has opened up or is opening up a generic proceeding. What is it they should be broadly looking at to try to advance the governor's objective of an accelerated pickup in electric vehicle market share. So very early right now, but we do have a pilot that we've suggested that's getting regulatory review right now. And Scott, do you want to give just a couple of details on that filing?
Scott Lauber: Yes. So we've got a pilot out there. It's about $50 million. We provide a couple of alternatives on how to also support some of the lower income areas of the state that maybe all to help put some of that infrastructure or support that, whether it's through buses or some other ideas there. So it's in the really early stages, but it would be somewhat of a rebate program that would help actually put some chargers in individual houses.
Gale Klappa: So early days.
Scott Lauber: Kevin?
Joseph Fletcher: Some of our larger customers who are looking at the EVs and looking at what they want to do in their fleet longer term, so we've got a close relationship with them, and we'll continue doing that in the day-to-day.
Gale Klappa: Kevin makes a good point. We've actually seen a pickup, and we're advising a number of our larger commercial customers who are either thinking about switching over to an all-electric fleet or who have other needs as EV penetration begins to pick up. So again, very early days. I don't think you'd see any major impact on our earnings in terms of EV penetration in our region, probably until very late in the 2020s.
Joseph Fletcher: And I'll add a statistic that I looked at here recently. Present day electric CO2 emissions at 34%. Transportation, which we're just talking about, is 37%. So just a little bit more already today.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Kevin is making a good point. Both in our region and nationally, the utilities have done so much that essentially, transportation is now the largest contributor to CO2. It has surpassed or we've cut more. And so transportation is now the largest contributor, not the utility industry. I'm sorry, Neil, go ahead.
Operator: And your final question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Can you hear me this time?
Gale Klappa: We can.
Michael Weinstein: A quick question about the extension of the ITC and the PTC that just got passed in December. And it looks like it -- there is a decent chance you might have any further extensions going forward. Could we -- I guess, the increased economic benefits from the tax credit extensions? Could that change your view on the targeted business mix between infrastructure and utilities? Could you increase your desire for more projects?
Gale Klappa: It's a great question, Michael. I will tell you this. We have really tailored up to now. We've really tailored our appetite, no pun intended, for growing the infrastructure business. We've tailored that to 2 things. The availability of very high-quality projects with strong credit quality offtakers, but also our own tax appetite. So to the extent that our tax appetite is what we projected it to be, and the pace of that business growth will be exactly what we've talked about. On the other hand, we were just talking about this the other day, actually. If we see an increase in the corporate income tax, which some have proposed, as you know, as part of the Biden plan, then we might have a stronger tax appetite. And if you couple that, meaning a stronger tax appetite, with the extension of these ITCs and PTCs, there may be a greater opportunity there. But long story short, all of that would have to fall in place. Right now, we're working on the plan we laid out.
Michael Weinstein: That makes total sense. One other question, too. If you do get a 1-year delay for the rate filing, would that -- could we expect to see like an increased target for O&M savings this year beyond what Scott laid out earlier in the call?
Gale Klappa: No. No. Because remember that, that is all about 2022. All right. Well, I believe that's our final question for the day. We really appreciate you taking part in our conference call. Thank you again for participating. And if you have any more questions, if you'll clear the contact Beth Straka on direct line, which she gives out to only a few of you. Her direct line 414-221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group’s Conference Call for Third Quarter 2020 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it’s my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Live from the heartland good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the third quarter of 2020. First, I’d like to introduce the members of our management team, who are on the call with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, our President and CEO; Scott Lauber, our Chief Operating Officer; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported third quarter 2020 earnings of $0.84 a share. Our solid results were driven by a rebound and economic activity in the region, warmer summer temperatures and efficiency gains throughout our operations. Scott and Xia will provide you with more details on the quarter in just a few minutes and Kevin will cover our operational progress. But first I’d like to discuss our new five year capital plan, our roadmap for the next five years of capital investment. So for the period 2021 through 2025, we expect to invest $16.1 billion. It’s the largest five-year capital plan in our history, an increase of $1.1 billion, or 7.3% above our previous five-year plan. We’re calling this roadmap, our ESG Progress Plan because we’re investing the $16.1 billion for efficiency, sustainability and growth. As you would expect, our ESG Progress Plan includes a significant investment in renewables. We’re allocating nearly $2 billion to regulated renewables that will serve our Wisconsin utility customers. In addition to the projects we have underway, we plan to bring 800 megawatts of solar, 100 megawatts of wind and 600 megawatts of battery storage into our fleet. The data show that battery storage has now become a cost-effective option for us. Our plan also calls for modernizing our gas generation fleet. To improve efficiency we expect to retire 400 megawatts of older natural gas fueled capacity. In addition, we plan to purchase 200 megawatts of capacity in the West Riverside Energy Center. That’s a new combined-cycle natural gas plant recently completed by Alliant Energy here in Wisconsin. And finally on the natural gas generation front, we plan to build an additional 100 megawatts of capacity using reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them RICE units. As we’ve already seen in the upper peninsula of Michigan, RICE generation is flexible, reliable, and scalable. Now all of these efforts should allow us to retire 1,400 megawatts of our coal generation by 2025. The benefits of our ESG progress plan are very clear. We’ll cut CO2 emissions, maintain superior reliability, lower our operating costs and grow our investment in the future of energy. Now, as you may recall, we’ve already set aggressive targets to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 70% below 2005 levels by the year 2030. We’re also working to make our generation fleet net carbon neutral by 2050. With the plan ladies and gentlemen that we just described to you we’re able to announce today a new near-term CO2 reduction target. We’re aiming to lower emissions by 55% below 2005 levels in just the next five years by the end of 2025. In addition for the longer-term, this generation plan will deliver significant economic benefits for our customers. Compared to the status quo, we expect customer savings of approximately $1 billion over the next 20 years. There are a number of other important elements in our ESG Progress Plan, and we’ll be happy to share all the details with you at the upcoming EEI conference, but in summary, our updated capital plan should grow our asset base by 7% annually over the five-year period with no need for additional equity. And the plan fully supports our projection of long-term earnings growth at a rate of 5% to 7% a year. Now let’s turn for a moment to the economy and a quick look at conditions here in Wisconsin. As you know, we provide energy to a broad range of industrial and commercial customers. Many of them produce and deliver essential services. During the pandemic, we’ve seen particular strength in paper, food processing, packaging, plastics manufacturing and electronic controls. And there has clearly been a strong rebound in the labor market over the past few months. The latest available data show Wisconsin’s unemployment rates down to 5.4% and of course that’s well below the national average. I would add that new developments are creating even more opportunity, particularly in the Southeastern corridor of the state. For example, Komatsu recently broke ground on a state-of-the-art manufacturing and global mining campus serving as its Milwaukee area headquarters. Our company sold 43 acres of land to Komatsu for this development, which is taking place in what’s known as Milwaukee’s harbor district. Komatsu expects to invest approximately $285 million in the project. When complete it will include engineering and robotics labs, a large office complex, a customer center, a modern manufacturing facility and more with a potential to employ more than a thousand people. Construction of the campus is expected to be complete in 2022. And literally just a few days ago, Amazon opened 2.5 million square foot distribution center in Oak Creek, that’s just South of Milwaukee. This four story center is equipped with the latest and robotics for packing and shipping. And at full strength, Amazon expects to employ 1,500 full-time workers at its facility. And, of course, I know all of you are interested in the Foxconn development in Racine County. As we speak construction work continues on a smart manufacturing facility and a network operation center that will support high performance computing. Ground breaking of the high-tech campus took place just a little more than two years ago. Since that time Foxconn’s plans have clearly evolved. The company is now assessing a much more diverse product line than originally envisioned. Now because of these changes, the State of Wisconsin is asking to revise its tax incentive contract with Foxconn and the Head of the State’s economic development agency has said the door is wide open to support Foxconn’s business expansion in the state. So all things considered with a resilient economy and major developments in the pipeline, we remain optimistic about our long-term sales growth. And with that, we’ll turn it over to Scott and he will chat about our sales for the third quarter of this year. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of the third quarter, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 32,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volume are showing on a conservative basis on Page 17 and 18 in the earnings packet. As you recall, we adjusted our forecast at the start of this pandemic. The results in the third quarter were better than our adjusted forecast across all customer classes. For example, residential sales of electricity were up 7.1% from the third quarter of 2019 and on a weather-normal basis were up 4.2%. That’s a 1.6% better than our forecast. Small commercial and industrial electric sales were down 2.5% from the last year’s third quarter. And on a weather-normal basis were down 3.3%. This was six tenths of 1% better than our forecast. Meanwhile, large, commercial and industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine, were down 5.4% from the third quarter of 2019, on both on actual and weather-normal basis. This reflects a rebound in economic activity in Wisconsin and was 4.3% better than our forecast. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity were down by three tenths of 1% from the third quarter of 2019. And on a weather-normal basis, were down – 1.5%, tracking bull ahead of our forecast. And looking at the sales trend on Page 17 of the package, we continue to see favorable progression towards normal demand in the third quarter. In fact, we’re very pleased with the preliminary sales results we’ve seen for October. Of course, we’re watching economic indicators as always, and we’re prepared to respond if the level of recovery drops back to what we saw earlier this year. I also have a few updates on the wind projects in our infrastructure segment. Construction on the Blooming Grove and Tatanka Ridge projects is on schedule. Blooming Grove should be completed by the end of this year. For Tatanka Ridge, we expect commercial operation in the first quarter of 2021. And turning to another of our projects, construction on the Thunderhead Wind Energy Center in Nebraska is nearly complete. However, as we reported last quarter, there will be a delay in the in-service date. This delay has been caused by a permit issue related to a substation being built by Nebraska Public Power District. We are working with all parties to complete the work and bring Thunderhead to commercial operation in the latter half of 2021. I would point out that we have a number of upsides in the plan. So this delay should not change the trajectory of our earnings growth for 2021. And now I’ll turn things over to Kevin, to give an update on utility operations.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Scott. I’ll start with the fact that we have maintained our focus on safety and customer service. In fact, our customer satisfaction scores remain at an all-time record high. Meanwhile, we have streamlined our operations and maintenance cost through a number of efficiency measures, and I’m confident that the momentum we’ve seen this year will continue. Now, I’ll review where we stand in our state jurisdictions. In Wisconsin, I’m pleased to report that just yesterday, our Two Creeks Solar farm began commercial operation, providing 100 megawatts of renewable capacity for the customers of Wisconsin Public Service, ahead of schedule and on budget. This is our first utility-scale solar project with an investment of $130 million. And we continue to develop plans for two liquefied natural gas facilities. We’re working with regulators and local officials and pending all necessary approvals, we expect construction to start in the fall of 2021. These facilities will provide customer savings and enhance reliability during Wisconsin’s cold winters. In Illinois, we’re seeking a rate review for one of our smaller subsidiaries, North Shore Gas, which serves approximately 160,000 customers in the northern suburbs of Chicago. Rights for North Shore Gas were last set more than five years ago before we acquired the company. Since then we have consistently invested capital to serve our customers, while reducing operating costs. We expect a constructive dialogue with the Illinois Commerce Commission, as we seek rates that will support system safety and reliability. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Xia.
Xia Liu: Thank you, Kevin. As Gale noted earlier, our 2020 third quarter earnings grew to $0.84 per share, compared to $0.74 per share in 2019. To reiterate Scott’s comment, COVID-19 had a much milder impact on electric sales. Overall, we estimate that the pandemic caused a $0.01 decrease in margin for the quarter. This decrease was more than offset by favorable third quarter results, largely driven by our continued focus on operating efficiency, rate adjustment at our Wisconsin utility and the execution of our capital plan. Our electric utilities also benefited from warmer than normal weather. The earnings package placed on our website this morning includes the comparison of third quarter results on Page 21. I’ll walk through the significant drivers impacting our earnings per share. Starting with our utility operations, this quarter, we outperformed third quarter last year by $0.11. Our focus on operating efficiency drove a $0.04 decrease in day-to-day O&M expenses. We benefited by an estimated $0.03 per share from warmer weather. And all other factors had a positive variance of $0.07, primarily driven by rate adjustment, continued recovery from capital investment and fuel. These favorable factors were offset by $0.03 of higher depreciation and amortization expense. Our Energy Infrastructure segment also was accretive to the quarter. The Coyote Ridge wind farm, which was placed in service in late December 2019, added $0.01 per share, primarily from production tax credit. Finally, the $0.02 drag in corporate and other, was driven by some tax and other items, partially offset by lower interest expense and improved Rabbi Trust performance. Remember, Rabbi Trust performance is mostly offset in utility O&M. In summary, we improved on our third quarter 2019 performance by $0.10. Now I’d like to update you on some other financial items. For the full year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 16% and 17%. Excluding the benefit of unprotected taxes flowing to customers, we project our 2020 effective tax rates to be between 20% and 21%. At this time, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2020. Our projections show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our current capital plan. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6, of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities increased $109 million. This increase was driven by higher cash earnings, partially offset by higher working capital requirements, including COVID-related impacts. Total capital expenditures were $1.6 billion for the first nine months of 2020, a $107 million increase from 2019. This reflects our investment focus in our regulated utility. Last month, we refinanced $950 million of our holding company debt, reducing the average coupon of these notes from 3.3% to 1.6%. We will recognize the $0.06 make-whole premium in the fourth quarter, which we have already factored into our 2020 annual guidance. In closing, I’d like to provide our updated guidance. We’re narrowing, and raising our earnings guidance for 2022 to a range of $3.74 to $3.76 per share, with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Our previous guidance was in the range of $3.71 to $3.75 per share. With that, I’ll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. We’re on track for a solid year. Again in light of our strong performance, our guidance range as Xia indicated now stands at $3.74 to $3.76 per share with a clear expectation of reaching the top end of the range. We’re also reaffirming our projection of long-term earnings growth in the range of 5% to 7% a year. And finally, a quick reminder about our dividend. As usual, I expect our Board will assess our dividend plans for next year at our scheduled meeting in early December. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We’re right in the middle of that range now. So I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And operator, we’re now ready to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Now we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hey Shar, how are you doing today?
Shar Pourreza: Oh, not too bad, Gale. How are you?
Gale Klappa: We’re good. Are you still in your unidentified bunker in Jersey?
Shar Pourreza: Yes. I’m ready to break out to be honest with you, but yes, still there, still there. Hopefully everyone’s healthy.
Gale Klappa: We’re good here. Thank you, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent, excellent. So a couple of questions here. First, obviously another healthy CapEx increases were heading into EEI. The generation spend can be a little bit more lumpy versus traditional renewable. So how do we sort of think about the cadence of that spend through 2025? Is it ratable? Is the 7% rate-based growth linear? Just remind us, what drive sort of the delta between rate-based growth and earnings growth, especially since you aren’t issuing equity, right. That was clear. Or you simply Gale implying that unless something is unforeseen earnings growth should be close to the top end marrying 7% rate-based stuff. So how do we start to think about that?
Gale Klappa: Okay, terrific. Let me handle the second part of your question first, and then we’ll let Scott and Xia talk about the generation portion of the capital spend and how it shakes out in our projections over the five-year period. But in terms of your basic question about how the 7% asset-based growth translate into earnings growth, particularly since we don’t need to issue equity. And that I think is a differentiating factor for us. And obviously I mean to be accurate as you know, you have to take into account the fact that we will be issuing some debt to help finance the capital program. So in essence, when you look at 7% asset-based growth and you throw in some assumptions on financing costs for debt, and remember, we’re basically trying to finance our growth at 50% debt, 50% equity roughly. In essence that takes the 7% down a bit. And I would say that conservatively this plan should put us in – certainly in the low 6%s, but certainly in the top half of that – well into the top half of that 5% to 7% growth projection. I hope that response to your question, Shar,
Shar Pourreza: It does. It does, and I appreciate that.
Gale Klappa: All right. And Scott and Xia on the generation spending over the five years.
Scott Lauber: Yes, there’ll be more color in the deck that we provide this Friday and for EEI. But as you look at the five-year plan, it’s spread probably over – more over the first four years, it’s probably 2023 and 2022 and 2023 being the larger years on capital spending. But once again, we’re early, we have to go through the regulatory approval, but it will affect the timing of this. But the typical five-year plan that you’ve seen that you’ll see later, the first three, four years or two or three years a much more analyzed a little more detail to it where the four and five years that usually tail off a little bit to get our quite – that’s quite that far in laying out all those projects. So 2023 and 2022 are by the bigger years.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Thank you for that, Scott.
Gale Klappa: Yes. And Shar just to add other piece of color to that, we were expecting in our plan, we’re expecting some unit retirements in 2023 and 2024. And in order to prepare for those unit retirements, we’d have to be spending capital on replacement capacity upfront. So I think Scott, you’re right. You would expect to see the lion’s share. I would think of our generation capital spend 2022, 2023, 2024, and perhaps a bit over into 2025.
Shar Pourreza: Right, right. That’s helpful. And then like Gale, just as you kind of look at the generation transition, look at what you’re proposing today, it’s like 1.8 gigawatts of fossil fuel assets that are retiring, focusing on solar, batteries, wind. I mean obviously this is going to afford some additional O&M and cost savings, maybe some of the – that we’ve seen in the industry. How do we sort of think about the size of the O&M profile and the trajectory as we think about 2021 and sort of beyond there as we’re looking to sort of model the rate inflation or even the O&M profile you guys have. Because it just seems like this is going to lead to additional bill headroom for additional capital opportunities.
Gale Klappa: Yes, Shar. I don’t think there’s any question about that, because yes, as we retire some of these older less efficient units, there is significant O&M involved in maintaining those units. There’s also avoided capital. There’s a significant amount of avoided capital here that would have to be spent on the older efficient units if we kept the – or inefficient units if we kept them running. To give you an example and then we’ve all talked a good bit about this, as you can imagine in terms of what we really think is real in terms of the continuing decline in operation and maintenance costs, while maintaining really superior customer service. But say for example, a four-unit coal-fired plant that is an older plant, we’re seeing probably net $50 million of O&M savings on a retirement of a plant like that, for example. So clearly there are coal retirements, as I mentioned during the script involved here, but its multimillion dollars of O&M savings not to mention additional fuel cost savings. So yes, there’s going to be headroom here and we don’t see this plan driving rate increases at all above the inflation rate. And in the longer-term, as I mentioned, compared to the status quo, I would expect at least $1 billion of savings compared to the status quo over about a 20-year period. But in the near-term, there’ll be some little uptick that we’ll have to ask for to take care of the recovery of the capital, but there’ll be huge O&M offsets and fuel costs saving offsets for customers, so very little bit pressure. And then in terms of just where we are at this stage of the game Kevin, we really think like, as we look at finish our budgets for 2021 that the O&M savings trajectory we’re on will continue.
Kevin Fletcher: That’s exactly right, Gale. As I mentioned in my comment, that we’ve seen so far, we have full expectations continue going forward.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just lastly, for me, Gale, on obviously, we saw Foxconn’s move last week to challenge of UDC’s determination on its tax credits and the scope change. How do you sort of see this process kind of playing out and how should we sort of as observers on the sidelines, kind of think about it? Is it just part of the process given the design has changed a little. Do you still envision incremental opportunities with the project? Like, how do we sort of put all this sort of stuff together sitting on the sidelines?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question, Shar. And I would give you a three-part answer. The first is, you’ve heard me say this before, forget about what you read in the headlines. Look at what’s happening on the campus. Look at the construction activity going on the high-tech campus that they’re now two years into developing. Foxconn has invested over a $0.5 billion already in this campus. As I mentioned, construction continues. They’ve already become the largest single property taxpayer in the county in – Racine County. And I do think what will happen here because the contract with the state was so specific about building a Gen 10.5 fabrication plan for LCD panels. I do think they will have to be some changes to the contract, which there are ongoing discussions about. But, again, I would say to you, look at what’s happening on the campus. And I would add that, because their plans have changed and their original plan did not have high capacity computing. We’re still seeing significant projection of demand for electricity. So our demand projections have not changed dramatically at all, because as they’ve changed and evolved their plans, they’ve added things like high capacity computing. And then the last thing I would say to you is, one of the products that they’re looking at developing and producing out of that campus, our server parts and server racks. And they’re already deploying a combination of technologies that I just really got a briefing on yesterday from them, which was just really amazing. They’re already deploying on a test basis there at that campus, artificial intelligence, 5G and robotics to be the most efficient producer of server and server racks in the world out of that campus. So they’re still very active in terms of determining what they want to do there. I do think it will probably require some modifications to the wording of the contract, but again, I would say, keep your eye on what’s happening on the campus and we’ll be happy to keep you updated.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Thank you guys. Gale, congrats on your expansion as Chairman. Now you’re stuck with us till 2024.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Shar. Happy to be stuck.
Shar Pourreza: All right. See you, guys.
Gale Klappa: Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Julien, and where are you today? Traveling in the U.S. voting several times, I assume.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Always, every time. And let me reemphasize Shar’s comment. We’re pleased to be able to continue to report what we’re doing over the next few years, too, so looking forward to that.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So if I can pick it up where you left the dock as well. Let’s talk about the timing on the energy infrastructure, just more broadly as well. I know you guys talked to the generation piece here, but you all were so successful in this first year and pulling forward that cap back as you identified opportunities, et cetera. What’s the potential we do that again, especially as it seems like the energy infrastructure opportunities before you were probably larger that now than they were before. So I don’t want to get too far ahead of myself here, but curious how you respond that.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Well, first of all, I think your observation is correct. When you look at the pipeline of high quality opportunities that we are seeing that pipeline, even though, we have been very successful in pulling forward, as you say, a significant amount of investment in the infrastructure segment. That pipeline of opportunity is definitely broader and greater and deeper today than it was before the pandemic. So we are – as you know, we’re being very selective here, because we were in a very strong, competitive position with our tax appetite and with the fact that we can bring these to closure without having to issue equity, without having to go through a lot of hoops. So we’re being very selective and we’re focusing right now on three or four near-term projects. I wouldn’t expect any announcement – new announcement before the end of the year, but I would just say, watch this space for 2021.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And then if I can turn back to 2021 in the context of earnings and earnings latitude, not necessarily on the longer term 5% to 7%, but just as you think about the O&M that you were able to pull the latitudes your numbers, perhaps, I’ll frame it that way. How do you think about the ability to accelerate, especially, in the 4Q here some of the costs from next year and add confidence to your numbers going into next year. I’ll put it that way. Especially, given some of the refinancing opportunities you all have as well.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question, Julien. Let me say this, we have a significant number of maintenance projects underway now in the fourth quarter. We had identified, as you may recall, in addition to our original plan, which had about a 2% to 3% reduction in O&M for this year. In addition to that, we had identified up to about $80 million of additional cost reductions if needed. The good news is with what you’ve heard in terms of a number of the positive developments. We will not need that deeper cost reduction. And in addition to that, Xia and the finance team did a great job, as you mentioned on the refinancing. So that’s another plus. So there’s a lot of work going on right now, in terms of the kinds of outage maintenance projects and other O&M projects that I think will be helpful and derisking 2021. Xia, anything to add to that?
Xia Liu: No, I think you covered it, Gale.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome guys. I’ll pass it over.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Julien. Anything else on your mind.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: We are good. Excellent. That’s the block.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse. Your line is open
Kevin Fletcher: Greetings, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, guys. Considering that you’re going to be a taxpayer in 2020, a modest taxpayer in 2020. Should depending on the outcome of the election there’s talk of possible higher tax rates going forward. If there were higher tax rates, would that increase your ability to grow the infrastructure business faster, deeper? Have it be a higher percentage of overall earnings than your original plan, just curious how that might affect.
Gale Klappa: Good question. Let me try to frame the answer and we’re going to ask Xia and Scott to add whatever they would like on that question. For starters, we are always modest as you know. So there’ll be a modest taxpayer in 2020, but with the way the current tax rules work on production track – on investment tax credits and production tax credits, we’re always going to be no matter what the effective tax rate is. We’re always going to be in our projections, a modest taxpayer simply because under the rules you really can’t take it to zero. So that’s one point. And then if tax rates go up, there’s actually a couple of benefits to us overall. John?
Xia Liu: Yes, I think one to your point, Michael, that if tax rates went up and we would potentially have a higher tax appetite, so therefore we could potentially speed up the infrastructure investment. And on top of that, you all knew that there’s interest tax shield at the holding company. So with a higher tax rate that would basically provide some benefits at the holding company, and obviously we would need to work with the regulators in each jurisdiction on the – probably finance[ph], but if we’re able to recover the higher tax rates then we would have better cash flow and credit metrics. And we have pass through mechanisms in all of the jurisdictions. So I think overall, we are prepared in case of different tax situation
Gale Klappa: And Michael just out of curiosity, how are you going to avoid higher taxes? I don’t think that works for you. Does it?
Michael Weinstein: Modesty is the best policy.
Gale Klappa: I would reiterate that all the facts, regardless of the tax rates we are going to look at the infrastructure segment long-term not being more than 10% of our total earnings. I just want to reiterate that with you.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, just one more question and I’ll let you go. There’s talk also of extending or giving new tax credits to batteries going forward. Is that an area that you think you might be able to invest in going forward? If they – I guess presumably it’s an ITC rather than a PTC. Just curious about how that might affect your thought process.
Kevin Fletcher: Yes, I would guess it would almost have to be an ITC as opposed to a PTC, but yes. And you probably heard me say that for the first time in this new five-year capital plan that we’re rolling out today, for the first time we’re adding battery storage for our regulated business. The economics are such now that with the amount of battery storage that we think we need it will fill a very economic function for us with or without additional tax credits. But long story in short, regardless who wins the presidency, it wouldn’t surprise me if there was some modification to all of the tax credits associated with renewables. And you can see a big push for tax credits for batteries. We have not counted on that in our five-year capital plan, but just the economics and the niche need that we have for batteries, particularly at peak times, it’s beginning to make an in for the first time, its making significant economic sense for our customers.
Michael Weinstein: Do you think there’d be a role for batteries with the wind projects and the infrastructure business though?
Gale Klappa: Oh, potentially, yes, absolutely. Absolutely and we have room at the number of our wind farms and our infrastructure projects. We have room for battery storage. So yes, that potentially could be an enhancement down the road. No question.
Michael Weinstein: Great, interesting. Alright, have a great day. Take care. Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Jeremy. How are you? How’s everything Jeremy?
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon. Very good, thanks for having me.
Gale Klappa: It’s nice to being here.
Jeremy Tonet: I was just wondering if you might be able to update us a bit on the local and economic sales trends across your service territory that you said were kind of underpinning favorable October trends, as you mentioned there. And also curious on expectations for the winter heating season under ongoing kind of COVID-19 impacts here and how do you think the impacts differ on the electric versus the gas operations there?
Gale Klappa: Yes, that’s a great question in terms of how the impacts differ between the electric and natural gas distribution business. And we have actually had a lot of internal discussion about that. First of all, let me say this, just to give you a kind of a framing answer related to the electric side and the trends we’re seeing. As I mentioned to you residential consumption of electricity has exceeded what we thought during the pandemic. Now some of that was weather driven. We had a warm summer compared to normal, but some of it also is just the fact that working from home and schooling from home in many cases is just driving more energy consumption from residential customers. So the residential demand for electricity during the last few months, whether or not has actually exceeded our expectations, that’s been on the plus side. We’ve done better than we thought we would in terms of industrial demand for electricity still down, but we’ve done better than we thought we would. As I mentioned during the script we have a number of industrial customers that produce essential products and certainly paper, food packaging, food processing, electronic controls, plastics manufacturing, we’ve all seen strength among our customers in those segments. Where we continue to see a drag and it won’t surprise you is in small commercial and industrial, many restaurants are still at 25% capacity. Just to give you an example, hair salons are having to operated at much lower levels, some university campuses are not back in terms of full complement of students so that the dorms are not full. So on the commercial side, particularly for small business, there’s still a struggle going on. So that would be kind of my answer. And Scott and Straka can add whatever they would like and Kevin as well. In terms of the difference between electric and gas, it’s going to be interesting to see, but we had a relatively cold October. For October temperatures in Wisconsin for that matter in the upper Midwest and actually even weather normalized, natural gas demand was better than we thought it would be, exceeded our projections. The other thing I can tell you that is, I think significant and Scott can add to this, we’re seeing very, very good customer growth on the natural gas distribution side of the business. Scott?
Scott Lauber: That’s correct, Gale. Especially when you look at Wisconsin and the growth we’re talking about on the industrial side and the economic development you’re talking, we’re seeing good natural gas growth and electrical growth. Gas growth, it’s nearly 5% more new customer hookups this year than we had over last year. So good customer growth and had numbers like 3% or 4% on the electric side. So really positive as we’re seeing new connections come on and you’re right going into the winter months, for October our preliminary view looks reasonable and very happy with what we’re seeing.
Gale Klappa: Does that respond to your question at all, Jeremy?
Jeremy Tonet: Yes, that was very helpful. Thank you for that. And then just wanted to go back to the O&M side, I guess, and how has O&M savings trended versus expectations, what you see extending into 2021 here? And really just want to see are these savings meaningful enough to potentially defer your next Wisconsin rate case in any sense on commission appetite are there?
Gale Klappa: Well, Jeremy, let me say first on the rate case front, way too early to have any meaningful discussions about our potential filing in 2021 in Wisconsin. And I would just say simply say this, every option is on the table right now. And I will have a whole lot better feel as we move into the first part of next year, but every options on the table right now. And then, in terms of the O&M reductions, essentially I’m guessing that we end up Shaw about 3% to 4% O&M lower for this calendar year than last calendar year. I was shaking your head up and down. Yes. We had identified potentially more O&M savings than that. But as we’ve had a number of positive developments, bottom line is we simply don’t need to cut that deep. But Kevin, everything I’m seeing, I know you’re closer to it than I am on the operational side. But everything I’m seeing is that our momentum on O&M reduction will continue into next year and a big chunk of the savings that we’re seeing are sustainable.
Kevin Fletcher: That’s exactly right, Gale. If you look at things that we’ve learned during the COVID pandemic that we’re all dealing with is, we’ve been more effective in our field operation and scheduling. We’re also completing the – our customer service platform. That’ll be for We Energies here, the first of January and that will have a consistent platform available for all of our companies. And that will also give us some sustainability in our cost savings as well.
Gale Klappa: And then of course we have in the future plan, as you know, we’ve got retirements of older less efficient generating units, which also will deliver O&M savings. So we’re very bullish and optimistic on our ability to continue to drive efficiency and best practice across our seven operating companies.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful. Thank you for that.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome. You take care.
Jeremy Tonet: You too. Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hello, Sophie. How are you today?
Sophie Karp: I’m doing great. Thank you. Good afternoon. How are you?
Gale Klappa: In the great state of Ohio, right, in Cleveland. You hanging in Cleveland?
Sophie Karp: No, no. I’m in Utah. Hunkering down.
Gale Klappa: Utah, Oh, wow. Good for you. All right.
Sophie Karp: Okay. So a question for the guys on batteries, you mentioned that batteries are becoming a cost effective solution for you. Could you maybe put it in relative terms, cost effective relative to what? And I’m assuming they replace in peakers or some sort, maybe if you could give us a little bit more color on how you deploying those assets and what you’re comparing them too?
Gale Klappa: That’d be happy to. And the answer is really very straightforward. It’s cost effective compared to other peaking solutions, if you will, compared to other capacity that we would need to help meet peak demand. Or as someone said during one of our meetings the other day, battery solution basically is going to give us sunshine after sunset, which I thought was an interesting comparison. But yes, for – when you compare it to other peaking technology, other peaking capacity, a certain amount of battery storage has become cost effective for our customers.
Sophie Karp: So that is before any potential tax incentives are attached to it?
Gale Klappa: That would be before any additional tax incentives. That is correct. We’re not counting on any additional tax incentives at all.
Scott Lauber: But if they’re available, we will definitely take advantage of them.
Gale Klappa: Oh, absolutely. Yes. Scott is right.
Sophie Karp: Got it. In the storage solutions, are you looking beyond battery storage? Are you looking at any other, I guess, stationary power – stationary solutions maybe other types of chemistries, other technologies that are not batteries, or is it primarily just lithium ion batteries at this point for you?
Gale Klappa: At this point, it remains lithium ion batteries. Now that doesn’t mean we’re blind to something else. But the plan, because it’s proven, and we understand the costs and the effectiveness of the technology, the plan right now calls for lithium-ion batteries. If two years from now, two years into our five-year plan, if something else emerges that we know is cost-effective and reliable, then we would certainly be open to it. But right now it’s lithium-ion and let me add to that just a philosophical comment. A company like ours, I don’t believe in our whole management team feel the same way. I mean, we’re not in the business of being on the bleeding edge of technology. I mean, this to deliver customer value and shareholder value, this is all about cost effectiveness and reliability, and that’s our job. Cost effectiveness, reliability, customer satisfaction, all of that leads to shareholder returns. So we’re a very close follower. And Kevin is on the Board of the Electric Power Research Institute. I was years ago, we participate in a number of the experimental projects. We stay abreast of technology developments, but we’re not – but for our customers and for what we believe is the core of how we do business. We’re not into the bleeding edge of technology.
Sophie Karp: Thank you. This is all for me. Appreciate the answers.
Gale Klappa: Oh, you’re more than welcome. Take care of Sophie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Michael. How’s it going today?
Michael Sullivan: Hey, everyone. I’m doing well, Gale. I’m happier sticking around hopefully we could get a couple of bucks titles during the next four years, right?
Gale Klappa: We’re certainly hope so. And I’ve had to take a lower pay because we have to get more to be honest, I think, we’ll see. We will talk about that.
Michael Sullivan: All right, sounds good. Hey, I just had a question on the coal and gas that you’re shutting down the 1,400 and 400 megawatts. Are you able to quantify that the rate base – the remaining rate base value of that and how that’s planning to be recouped?
Gale Klappa: Absolutely. So if you think about, and again, those retirements will occur probably most of them in 2023, 2024. So if you look at our projected rate base for 2025, it’s roughly across our entire operation, our entire system. It would be roughly about $32 billion. If you look at essentially what we will be retiring, the remaining rate basis probably roughly saw $600 million that of deferred taxes. So a way to look at that is it’s about 2% of our total asset base or will be about 2% of our total asset base and for Wisconsin under 5% of our rate base. So that’s really kind of the basic numbers as we see them today. And in terms of future recovery, we – I think we’ve done very well in terms of coming to an agreed upon solution with the commission, with the environmental advocates, with the industrial customer groups. We’ve got a good track record of coming to an amiable and constructive solution in terms of recovery also potentially in terms of some securitization, particularly of environmental control costs. So, there’ll be a lot of discussions over the next four years, but in direct answer to your question, less than 5% of the Wisconsin rate base by 2025 and roughly about 2% of our total asset base.
Michael Sullivan: Great. That’s super helpful. And then my second question was just, you mentioned in the remarks about filing a North Shore Gas case in Illinois, any near term plans to do the same for Peoples Gas?
Gale Klappa: Short answer, no.
Michael Sullivan: Simple enough. Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Hey, greetings. So just to sort of I know it’s a little far off, but when COVID is over, are you seeing any – what are your thoughts about what you think demand growth were, the sort of the economic activity that’s occurring and that you’re seeing, are you seeing any potential changes in usage patterns happening after COVID, more telecommuting changes in peak, anything like that, that you’re potentially thinking are going to be more long lasting then once the pandemic is kind of over?
Gale Klappa: Well, that’s a good question, Paul. In everybody’s crystal ball is a bit fuzzy after what we’ve all been through in 2020. However, a couple of thoughts for what there were. I think we’ve all seen how telecommuting, working from home, working remotely can lead to positive results. And I think, most all major corporations, ours included are going to need less office space. I think some amount of remote working will be a permanent part of the American landscape and the corporate landscape for many, many years to come. So the question then becomes, well, how much remote working will remain after COVID is finally conquered. And what does that mean in terms of commercial energy usage, and also in terms of continuing growth in residential energy usage? And those questions are still to be answered, but I think to me, manufacturing, particularly with this harden area as we have a manufacturing and distribution in the Southeastern corner of Wisconsin. Some of these projects may move a few months here or there, but as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, this is a hot area for industrial and commercial growth right now, we don’t see that diminishing. So then the question becomes the things shift around a bit between commercial and residential, depending upon how much work at home activity there continues to be post the vaccine. Kevin, any other thoughts?
Kevin Fletcher: Gail, that’s certainly true for the broader group if you look at our economy. If you just look again at what we’ve seen as a result, you mentioned about facilities. Now, we’re seeing that because of the positive results and meeting the needs of our customers, we don’t need as much in the biofacilities that we’ve had in our major markets. So as you pointed out, I think looking broadly other industries will be like us in that perspective, but I would also agree it’s really too early to tell to see how we bounce back and how quickly we bounce.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. So on that note that, you guys have a large amount of industrial activity that you guys have gone over, and you’ve got, also things have changed over the years. You’ve got a large amount of geographical diversity and what have you. And you mentioned Foxconn and there’s as you know in the immediate sort of saga about this, and I know you’re very supportive of Foxconn. You see that a big win and what have you, but let’s just, for argument’s sake, say that for whatever reason Foxconn and the state can’t come to an agreement. Given everything that you got going for you, with the dynamic growth in light around you, but also just your geographic diversity, the size of the company now; what kind of impact would that have? If it actually just didn’t happen. Do you follow what I’m saying?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Well let me say, first of all, I mean Foxconn is a huge corporation. I think from a revenue standpoint, they’re the fourth largest tech company in the world. But even a company that size, I mean, they’ve already invested $0.5 billion, more than $500 million in beginning to build out the campus that we’ve talked about in Racine County. So even a company that size, I don’t think would just walk away from $0.5 billion investment that they just made in very modern state-of-the-art production equipment. So, and to take that a step further if they did nothing more, they would still have $0.5 billion of investment. They would still have significant electric demand because they’ve added high capacity computing to their plans. In fact, that’s already being built right now. And we’ve already seen $1.3 billion of additional private investment that has nothing to do with Foxconn directly, but $1.3 billion of additional private investment, two-thirds of which is either complete or underway in the 10-mile around the Foxconn campus. So there’s already been from a textbook economic development standpoint, Paul, there’s already been tremendous ripple effect, and the state has benefited from that. To put that in perspective if there was no more investment from Foxconn at $500 billion – or $500 million, which they’ve already done would still be the largest economic development project in the history of the State of Wisconsin. Then we have herbal, which we talked about a lot, the gummy bear people, they are breaking ground next month. And their investment is going to be, gosh, probably 30% to 35% more than they originally envisioned. It’s going to be a much bigger campus. So we’re seeing such tremendous opportunity and tremendous pipeline of growth that, I’m not overly concerned about what might happen. And also, I mean, there’s good faith on both sides here. So, I mean, I just don’t see, despite all the political rhetoric that you see again, my advice is forget the headlines. Look at what’s going on, on the ground.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. I guess we could take that further than maybe Wisconsin. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You are more than welcome, Paul.
Gale Klappa: All right. I think that wraps us up folks. That concludes our conference call for today. Thanks again for participating. Always a joy to be with you. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221-4639. Thanks everybody. Stay safe and have a good election day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2020 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I'll remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it’s my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Hot town, summer in the city. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, as we review our results for the second quarter of 2020. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are on the call with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, President and Chief Executive, Scott Lauber, our new Chief Operating Officer, Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. And please join me in welcoming Xia Liu, our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Xia, will discuss our metrics in more detail a little bit later in the call. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2020 earnings of $0.76 a share. We remain optimistic and confident in our ability to create value despite the challenges presented by the pandemic. As always, our focus on operating efficiency was a major factor in our second quarter performance. In addition, warmer than normal weather drove residential energy use significantly higher during the quarter. We also continue to make excellent progress on our $15 billion capital investment plan. If you recall, that plan covers the period 2020 through 2024. As a reminder, we have ample liquidity and no need to issue new equity. Now you may have seen our latest project announcement just last week [indiscernible] to acquire an 85% ownership interest in the Tatanka Ridge wind farm. The Tatanka Ridge is under construction in South Dakota and we expect the project to be in service in early 2021. When complete, the site will consist of 56 wind turbines with a combined capacity of 155 megawatts. Our investment is expected to total approximately $235 million for the 85% ownership interest and substantially all of the tax benefits. This project, ladies and gentlemen, fits our investment criteria to a T. It has long-term offtake agreements for all of the energy produced with Google Energy LLC and with Dairyland Power Cooperative, a well-established electric co-op based in Wisconsin that serves utilities in multiple states. We also expect the project to be eligible for 100% bonus depreciation. This will be our sixth wind project in the infrastructure segment of our business. As you may recall, we've allocated $1.8 billion of our current five-year plan to grow our infrastructure segment. With the Tatanka Ridge project, we've already committed over $1 billion of that amount, and we're only seven months into the five-year plan. We have one other quick update for you on our infrastructure segment. You may recall that we will be the 90% owner of the Thunderhead Wind Farm being built by Invenergy in Antelope County, Nebraska. This 300-megawatt project was expected to begin service by the end of this year. However, we now project a several-month delay because the local utility has paused construction of a substation that's needed to connect the Thunderhead project to the transmission network. We continue to work with all the relevant parties to minimize the delay. I would point out, however, that we have a number of positive offsets in our plan. So this delay should not change the trajectory of our earnings growth for 2021. Switching gears now I'd like to touch on our commitment to environmental stewardship and the tremendous progress we're making. In 2019, we exceeded by a decade the goal we had set for the year 2030 to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 40%. The major solar investments we're building for our Wisconsin retail customers more carbon free energy is on the way. In light of our progress, we recently announced two new aggressive goals, to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 70% below 2005 levels by the year 2030 and for our generation fleet to be net carbon neutral by the year 2050. We look forward to working with all of our stakeholders to develop policies that will help us achieve these appropriate goals. We're also committed to reducing methane emissions. At the end of 2019, we were halfway toward our 2030 goal of lowering methane emissions from our natural gas distribution lines by 30% per mile and that's from a 2011 baseline. And now for a moment, I'd like to take a step back and look at the economic conditions in Wisconsin. As you would expect unemployment spiked during the first few months of the pandemic. The data for June were really encouraging. Labor market improved with the addition of more than 100,000 jobs and unemployment in Wisconsin fell to 8.5% well below the national average. We are also encouraged that the major economic development projects announced over the past few years are moving forward. For example, Amazon continues to expand here in Wisconsin with new local distribution centers. And HARIBO, the German candy manufacturer received local approval of its final site and operational plans in May. Groundbreaking is now projected to take place in September. You may recall this will be one of North America's largest confectionary plans. HARIBO expects to invest between $320 million and $350 million and hire 400 employees in the first phase of the project. Meanwhile, just a few miles south of Milwaukee in Racine county, Foxconn continues to develop its high-tech manufacturing and research campus. Recent published reports indicate that Foxconn could begin production at its new LCD fabrication plant as early as this fall. Construction is progressing well on Foxconn's smart manufacturing facility and its new network operations center. It's also important to note that we're seeing a strong ripple effect from Foxconn's commitment to Wisconsin. More than 70 additional investment projects have been announced within a 20-mile radius of the Foxconn campus. 70 plus projects range the gamut from health care to housing to industrial buildings to retail. We expect these developments will result in more than $1.2 billion of new private capital investment and more than 2,500 jobs. Long story short, our long-term growth projections remain fully intact. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott for more details on our sales results for the quarter. Scott, all yours.
Scott Lauber: Thanks, Gale. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of the quarter, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 27,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis on page 17 and 18 of the earnings packet. We saw an impact from the stay-at-home orders that were in place during much of the reporting period, but usage was better than we projected on the first quarter call. For example, residential sales of electricity were up 17.1% from the second quarter of 2019. And on a weather normal basis were up 7.3%, 3.4% better than our adjusted forecast. Small commercial industrial electric sales were down 8.6% from last year's second quarter. And on a weather normal basis, were down to 11.3%, falling 2.7% below our adjusted forecast. Meanwhile, large commercial and industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine, were down 12.9% for the second quarter of 2019, and on a weather normal basis were down 14.1%, 5.4% better than our adjusted forecast. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine were down 2.7% from the second quarter of 2019. On a weather normal basis, sales were down 6.9%, tracking 1.7% ahead of our forecast. To summarize our experience during the quarter, we're encouraged that the monthly trends in sales improved sequentially each month. For more detail, see page 17 of the earnings package. At this time, I'd like to address our sales outlook for the balance of 2020. Our third quarter forecast has retail sales, excluding the iron ore mine, down 3.6% compared to 2019. Keep in mind, this is on a weather normal basis. In looking at the data for July, excluding the impact of weather, we tracked slightly better than our forecast. Looking now at the projections for the fourth quarter. Our adjusted forecast reflects continued economic recovery. We are looking at sensitivities to this forecast and watching economic indicators. We are prepared if the level of recovery would drop back to what we saw in the second quarter. We estimate that the additional impact to the pretax margin would be approximately $10 million to $15 million. We believe we could absorb this margin compression through efficiency measures already in place. And now I'll turn it to Kevin for an update on utility operations.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Scott. First, I'll note, we've remained focused on safety and efficiency throughout this health crisis. We have reduced our operations and maintenance costs in a reasonable manner with the help of technology we've invested in. Our employees continue to work remotely where possible, communicate with customers and follow health precautions. And through the first half of 2020, we saw our highest customer satisfaction results on record across all jurisdictions. Now I'll briefly review where we stand in our state jurisdictions. As you may recall, we have, no active rate cases at this time which is positive in our current environment. We are pleased that the Michigan Commission approved a proposal that allows us to defer $5 million in cost through 2021 rather than proceed with a rate case at our Michigan gas utility. In line with pandemic, we have worked constructively with our commissions to develop mechanisms for future recovery of foregone late payment charges, bad debt and other expenses. In Wisconsin, Public Service Commission has authorized us to defer foregone late payment charges, uncollectible expense and incremental pandemic-related cost. This covers all COVID-related expenses in our residential as well as our commercial and industrial sectors. The Illinois Commerce Commission has established a special use rider for the recovery of incremental cost and foregone late payment fees. Recall, there already is a bad debt rider in place. Turning now to our projects. We're continuing to add utility scale solar generation to our portfolio. You may recall that we're making good progress on the two solar projects for Wisconsin Public Service, which will provide us with 200 megawatts of capacity. And as of to date, construction is more than halfway complete on our Two Creeks Solar farm. And we announced last quarter that we received approval to invest in a third solar facility Badger Hollow II to serve our We Energies customers. We expect it to go into service by December 2022. This is a slight timing change that should have no meaningful impact on our earnings or capital program. We believe this scheduled change will be beneficial to customers as we focus on managing project costs. As you may recall, we are evaluating site plans for two liquefied natural gas facilities to help serve our We Energies customers during the winter peak. We expect to invest approximately $370 million in these projects. If approved by the Wisconsin Commission, construction is expected to begin in the summer of 2021. In Illinois, we're making progress on the system modernization program. We have installed over 1,000 miles of new gas distribution pipe, and our work is almost 30% complete. Earlier this year, an independent engineering study confirmed the critical need for this project. The Kiefner engineering study found that over 80% of the pipes in the people’s gas delivery system had an average remaining life of less than 15 years. Our improvements are making the delivery system safer and more allowable for our Chicago customers. Now with details on our second quarter results and more information on our outlook for the remainder of 2020, here is our CFO, Xia Liu. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thank you, Kevin. I'm happy to join the group for this call, and I look forward to working with all of you and hopefully seeing you in person at some point. As mentioned earlier, our 2020 second quarter earnings grew to $0.76 per share compared to $0.74 per share in 2019. Despite the negative margin impact in this year's second quarter related to the pandemic, we were still able to achieve quarter-over-quarter earnings per share growth. This was due to our continued focus on operating efficiencies, executing on our capital plan, significantly warmer than normal weather and an increase in the authorized ROE for American Transmission Company. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of second quarter results on page 2021. I'll walk through the significant drivers impacting our earnings per share for the second quarter. Starting with our utility operations, we benefited by $0.07 per share from warmer weather and our continued focus on operating efficiency drove a $0.04 decrease in day-to-day operating expenses. These favorable factors were primarily offset by $0.04 of higher depreciation and amortization expense due to our capital investment and by $0.06 of lower margin, mainly due to reduced sales volumes. Scott has mapped those details out for you already. Moving on to our investment in American Transmission Company. We picked up $0.03 per share related to a FERC order that allowed ATC to increase ROE from 10.38% to 10.52%. This adjustment was retroactive to November 2013. Our energy infrastructure operations also were accretive to the quarter. The Coyote Ridge wind farm, which was placed in service in late December 2019 added $0.01 per share, primarily from production tax credit. The remaining $0.02 decrease is driven by some tax and other items, partially offset by Rabi Trust performance. Remember, variance in the Rabi Trust performance is mostly offset in the utility O&M. In summary, we outperformed second quarter 2019 by $0.02. Now I'd like to update you on some other financial items. This year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 16% and 17%. Excluding the benefits of unprotected taxes flowing to customers, we expect our 2020 effective tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. At this time, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2020. Our projections show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our current capital plan. Looking now at the cash flow statement on page six of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $88 million. This increase was driven by higher cash earnings and timing of tax payments. Total capital expenditures were $1 billion for the first half of 2020, a $182 million increase from 2019. This reflects our investment focus in the regulated utilities. We paid $399 million in common dividends during the first six months of 2020, an increase of $27 million over the same period in 2019 which reflects the increase in the dividend level that was effective in the first quarter of this year. In closing, before I turn it back to Gale, I'd like to provide our guidance for the third quarter and full year 2020. For the quarter, we're expecting a range of $0.74 to $0.76 per share. This accounts for July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.74 per share in the third quarter last year. We are reaffirming our earnings guidance for the full year in the range of $3.71 to $3.75 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. We're delighted you've joined us. Again, as we look to the remainder of the year, we expect to hit the top end of our guidance range of $3.71 to $3.75 a share, assuming normal weather. We're also reaffirming our long-term projection. Our projection of long-term earnings growth in a range of 5% to 7% a year. Finally, a quick reminder about our dividend. Recall that in January, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.6325 a share, that was an increase of 7.2% over the previous quarterly rate. We continue to target the payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're right in the middle of that range now. So I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Overall, we're on track, focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you very much. Now we will take your question. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Rock and rolling, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Gale Klappa: How are you doing Shar?
Shar Pourreza: Not too bad. Never a dull moment in utility land. But pretty good. So Gale, just a couple of questions here. Focusing on the infrastructure segment first, was the Tatanka Ridge acquisition, was that catalyzed at all by the current kind of market conditions? Or was this just a straightforward acquisition kind of along the lines of Blooming Grove and Coyote, et cetera?
Gale Klappa: No, it wasn't catalyzed it all by the pandemic. This one is - we've been looking at this one for a number of months before the pandemic. So it was really just an ongoing part of our due diligence.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then sort of with this acquisition, and you highlighted this in your kind of prepared remarks that you're slightly over half of your allocation in the current plan for the infrastructure bucket. Should we sort of expect a slower pace in the coming years or perhaps an increase in the allocation as you kind of roll forward later this year, i.e., is there a point in time when we can see the infrastructure capital budget actually increase from the 1.8?
Gale Klappa: Well, we'll see how things shake out when we update our five-year capital plan in the fall. But again, a couple of parameters that really govern our work in that infrastructure segment. First is our tax appetite. And it so happens that we continue to see very high-quality projects where we can efficiently use our tax appetite to generate cash and earnings and continue our progress in investing in renewables. So what we're looking at here in this five-year capital plan and in the next five-year capital plan is really that happy marriage of efficiently utilizing our tax appetite and investing in renewables that have very, very high-quality off-takers in our solid projects. Again, we would not expect over time the entire infrastructure segment really to grow to more than 10% of our total enterprise. That's basically our cap. We have plenty of room, even investing $1.8 billion in this five-year plan. At the end of that five-year plan, we're still only at 6% of our total enterprise. So plenty of room, and I think a number of very high-quality projects still in the pipeline.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And then lastly, Gale, you guys obviously have a really ambitious decarbonization target to hit neutrality. Can you just sort of talk about next steps here? And then obviously, you're dipping your toes a little bit in solar, like one of your peers. Sort of this decarbonization target, does it sort of increase the importance of Peach Bottom. And then just maybe if we can conclude around, is there any sort of updates with your participation in Governor Evers decarbonation task force. So how do we kind of roll this up and build an investment case around it?
Gale Klappa: Just for clarity, we don't get anywhere near Peach Bottom. I know you're thinking about Point Beach.
Shar Pourreza: That's right. That's right. Sorry about that. Yes, correct.
Gale Klappa: And I think Kevin is probably better looking than the CEO over there at [indiscernible] At any rate we are - to directly answer your question and for those who need the context, a significant percentage of the electricity we provide to our We Energies customers, like a quarter of it is coming from our Point Beach nuclear plant that we sold to NextEra many, many moons ago. Those units are set to turn age 60 in 2030 and 2033. And we're looking at all kind of alternatives. I can tell you now that there will be a very significant opportunity for us in terms of investment need in the latter half of the decade. Right now, if I were a betting man, I would look at substantially more investment in renewables and probably battery storage. But we will have more detail for you certainly on the next five years in terms of our generation reshaping, when we update our capital plan in November.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And is there any updates on the task force with Governor Evers?
Gale Klappa: That work continues. I think with the pandemic, the time frame for recommendations was delayed, but I still believe there will be recommendations from Governor's task force by the end of this year.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Xia, congrats on the transition. I know between Gale, Kevin and Scott, you're working with the best in the business. So that's terrific, congrats. Thank you, guys.
Gale Klappa: Thanks, Shar.
Xia Liu: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Durgesh. How are you doing today?
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, Gale good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and welcome, Xia. I look forward to working with you. I just have one question. Rest everything is clear. On this - on the slide where you or in the press release where you break out the margin by segment, Wisconsin, in particular. I'm just wondering what this other margin number is. It's a big number in the Wisconsin reconciliation. It's like a 26.4 earnings or margin drag year-over-year. Any color on that? What is that comprised of?
Xia Liu: Yes. I'd be happy to talk about that. I think the majority of that is COVID related. Remember Scott mentioned the reduction in the weather-normalized sales. So the majority of the 26.4 is COVID driven.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And that pretty much was offset by, if I'm reading this correctly, good weather in the quarter.
Xia Liu: Yes, that's exactly right. The weather more than offset the COVID reduction for the quarter.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. So then just a quick follow-up. When thinking about O&M obviously, you've made a ton of progress in the quarter. How should we think about that effort going into second half of the year? Are you going to - do you flex that sort of up or down depending on how weather tracks out? Or you think that this quarter was more in line with how you have progressed in the past with just continued O&M savings?
Gale Klappa: Durgesh, a very good question. Let me just say this. We have a plan in place that would allow us, as Scott mentioned during his remarks, that would allow us to overcome a substantial additional decline in energy usage, if we were to go back to the kind of conditions we saw in the second quarter. So we've got a plan in place that we think will be absolutely appropriate to continuing to deliver value and reach the top end of our guidance range. Now if things get better, if we see a stronger economic recovery, then obviously, we can flex in one direction or another. But we've been very pleased with the results so far. And I would also say that, for example, in Illinois, some of that's timing. Illinois will not be as hard hit as some of the other companies potentially because there's decoupling of our gas distribution sales in Illinois. So long story short, we've got really strong flexibility, we've got a great plan in place. It's delivering exactly what we expected to be. We can flex up or down as needed given the conditions.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thank you, very much Gale and thanks for answering my questions.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Durgesh.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the time and congrats again Xia for the move. Perhaps if I can pick it up where Shar left off. On the investment and infrastructure side, I mean, I think you said yourself, you're half a year in, and you invested $1 billion out of $1.8 billion. Just given the timing of this capital, as you think about it and you have a sort of finite tax capacity. How do you think about it in those terms? If you can think about the - to the sense which you raise that later, is that necessarily going to be in the back half of the plan, just given how much tax appetite you've absorbed over a year. How do you think about it from that perspective? Just to quantify that, if you don't mind. And also, Gale, if I can clarify, I think you said this 6% of the enterprise. Is that 6% of earnings as well, just to make sure we heard you right as well on the through the plan.
Gale Klappa: Well to answer, Julien, your last question first, yes, I would look at that as about 6% of total enterprise earnings. Again, that would be an investment of $1.8 billion with our prior investments as well in the infrastructure segment at the end of the five-year plan, delivering about 6% of the total enterprise's earnings. So the short answer to that is yes. Then in terms of how to look at all of this, by the way, while I'm answering that, you may want to think about Shar's comment about best-in-class. Still there, Julien?
Unidentified Analyst: Absolutely. I was just waiting for you to keep going.
Gale Klappa: I wanted you to ponder a little bit while I was answering your first question. At any rate, here's how I would look at it. We have found very high-quality projects early on in the five-year plan. So again, we're marrying high-quality projects with our tax appetite. So I would look at what we've accomplished so far is more front-end loading and more derisking of that segment of our investment plan. But again, we're going to be governed by two things: tax appetite, efficient use of that tax appetite and high-quality projects.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Fair enough. Second question, you guys have a carbon target. You guys are frankly expanding on those. How do you think about that reconciling with your day-to-day operational planning? And maybe this might be a good opportunity to talk about Columbia, for instance. But I don't want to leave the witness too much on the response here. Just how do you think about the carbon targets that you guys laid out most recently against your IRP planning?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think it's actually not all that complicated. Clearly, as we look at the next 10 years, a 70% reduction in CO2 emissions over the course of - from where we are up to a 70% reduction, it will require continued reshaping of our generation fleet. And that in plain language means that some of the less efficient coal-fired power plants that we have in our system or that we jointly own, like you mentioned, Columbia, for example, those things will have to be looked at in terms of potential retirements. And we will provide you more color on all of that as we update our next five-year capital plan come fall.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. Well, I'll let you execute against the best-in-class plan here. Take care, everyone.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hello, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon. Just want to start off with, I guess, your sales expectations as you look at the balance of the year here. And if you could expand a bit on how this has trended versus your original expectations. It looks like residential shaped up quite well. Just wondering if you expect that to kind of continue relative to your expectations there? And any feeling for industrial activity over the back half of the year as well?
Gale Klappa: Sure. Great questions. Well, let me try to summarize it, and then we'll ask Scott to add some color to this as well. When we had our last analyst call going into the pandemic, we projected that we would see about an 8.6% decline in total retail sales during the second quarter with the stay-at-home orders in place. We actually came in weather normal at about 6.9% down. So we ran better in Q2, the difference between 8.6% down and 6.9% down. So we ran better there. If you look at July and weather normalization over a short period of time, you know how I feel about that. It's more precise than accurate. But we are assuming for in our plan for Q3. Starting in July, about a 3.6% weather-normal decline in total retail energy sales. If you weather normalize July, Scott, we were running about 1% better than that.
Scott Lauber: And the preliminary data we're looking at in using our automatic meter reading system, it looks about 1% better. So very encouraging as we look at those sales. I think another encouraging fact is when we look at new services that are being installed in our We Energies territory, our gas new services are up 11% compared to the prior year, and the new services we're seeing on the electric side is up 7%. So we're seeing some good customer growth and good construction projects even during this pandemic time.
Gale Klappa: And I think in terms of specific industries that you asked about, and this is something we look at on a regular basis. We serve large commercial and industrial customers in 17 different sectors of the economy, as you've heard me mention before. The ones that seem to be hanging in there with any kind of strength at all, it won't surprise you, paper, food processing, food packaging, electronic controls. And I will say this, in fact Xia and I were talking about this just earlier today, we have less exposure to the automotive industry than many companies. In fact, we have far less exposure to the automotive industry that we had going into the '08, '09 recession. So a very diversified economy, a number of the large commercial and industrial customers were deemed essential to begin with because of, again, food, paper, food packaging and processing, et cetera. So we have a diversified set of customers that we are supplying energy to. But the one thing that Scott mentioned that is - that stands out to me also in the quarter, is just the number of new services that he was mentioning and the number of new services compared to last year, particularly on the natural gas distribution side of the business, where we continue to see strong growth.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. Yes. That was very helpful. Thank you. And one more, if I could. Just when it comes to savings here that you've been able to achieve year-to-date. I don't know if you're able to kind of share with us what number that would be in kind of the context for, how much of that is kind of - could be ongoing in nature versus onetime in nature? And then as you think about harvesting savings over the back half of the year, weather does turn favorable over the rest of the summer, how do you think about throttling that back to, I guess, de-risk 2021 at this point?
Gale Klappa: Well, great question. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a plan in place where we think we could absorb the hit from the economy going back to the depths of where it was in the second quarter. That's probably another $10 million to $15 million of additional O&M reduction, if needed. If it's not needed, we will certainly continue on with our - with all of the efforts that we have ongoing to continue to keep the system reliable. I will say this, the reductions we've made so far have really had no impact on reliability. We designed them that way. So we're in a great position to be able to flex up or down depending upon what we see with the economy. And I can tell you, in terms of - Kevin and I have talked about this at some length. I can tell you in terms of - we get asked this all the time, what amount of the cost - additional cost savings we've identified and implemented, what amount of that is permanent. And Kevin, I would say right now, we continue to see that percentage increase, but I would say where we are, at least half of those savings.
Kevin Fletcher: I would agree with what Gale has said. We have a culture of looking for ways to continue to be more efficient to take cost out of our business with looking at reliability, reliability numbers are strong, and I would agree with that, with the efforts we have in place, at least I have.
Gale Klappa: One of the reasons - thank you, Kevin. One of the reasons why we're so confident is that for us, operating efficiency is not a program. It's not something we turn on and off. The way of life here and it's embedded for years in how we do business. So I hope that responds to your question.
Jeremy Tonet: That was very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Michael, how are you today?
Michael Weinstein: All right. How are you doing?
Gale Klappa: Good. You may be in an area where liability suffers, same to [ph] Wisconsin.
Michael Weinstein: I am signing off tomorrow. In terms of what you just said about how - at least half the savings from COVID-19 are sustainable going forward. What does that mean in terms of the 5% to 7% growth rate? Does that push you towards the upper end of that going into next year and beyond?
Gale Klappa: Well, as you know, Michael, the capital plan is really the big driver of the 5% to 7% growth rate. But I will say this, and I think this is very encouraging. The kind of cost efficiencies that we've been able to deliver really are going to help us to continue to drive our capital investment plan in a way that continues to keep pressure off rates. So I think that - to me, that's the key ingredient here. We've been very successful, as you know, in basically holding rates virtually flat for the last five years since the acquisition of Integrys. And that's been very helpful, obviously, from all kinds of directions. But long story short, I think what we're seeing here is icing on the cake in terms of continuing to be able to invest the kind of capital we need to invest, achieve the 5% to 7% growth rate, continue to improve and maintain the reliability of the system, continue to invest in renewables to accelerate future that's got very low carbon to no carbon and keep pressure off rates.
Michael Weinstein: And what about, sorry, what about in terms of the onshore wind projects, as you go beyond 2020 and the tax appetite starts to wane, you still have some more projects to invest in. Would you consider tax equity at that point? Or is this more - where you'll simply invest at the correct case so that your tax appetite absorbs it?
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, our tax appetite does not wane after 2020. That's why we have $1.8 billion in the five-year plan. And just a preliminary look beyond the five-year plan, we don't see our tax appetite waning. So that's kind of piece one. Piece two, there are plenty of high-quality projects in the greater Midwest that we're looking at. And I don't really see the need to venture offshore or change our risk profile by investing in something that we are not very familiar with, with high-quality off-takers. So again, don't think that our tax appetite wanes very quickly. It just doesn't. And they're all kind of really cool, solid projects that are in our pipeline that we're looking at that don't require us to venture offshore.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. So is the current plan still anticipating you being a taxpayer in 2020, even with continued investment?
Gale Klappa: Well, yes. And we'll let Scott and Xia explain that. Long story short with the tax rules, it's almost impossible to completely eliminate any federal taxes. Scott, Xia?
Xia Liu: Yes, that's exactly right. We are in modest - we project to be a modest taxpayer in 2020. I think the...
Michael Weinstein: Right. One last question for me. You guys have a very strong equity currency. There's a lot of - certainly, today, there's been some news on the M&A front in terms of in the industry. But I'm just wondering what kinds of - what I mean, can you comment a little bit about maybe your potential appetite for M&A, considering that you have one of the strongest currencies in the industry? And what your view of right now is of the current prices for other utility companies? And what kind of criteria you might be looking for if you were to even consider it?
Gale Klappa: Well, let me answer it this way. My wife says that I'm boringly predictive. So I would give you the same three criteria because they haven't changed. In fact, I was mumbling them in my sleep last night. I mean our approach is exactly what you would expect it to be, disciplined, not overpaying. We don't get involved as a genital rule in processes or auctions. And the three criteria that we would apply to any potential opportunity remains set in concrete. First, we would have to believe after significant due diligence that we can make the acquisition accretive to earnings in the first full year after closing. Second, we're not going to trash the balance sheet to do it. The industry is littered with stories where that didn't end well. And then the third thing, which is probably the gating criteria today. We want to make sure that the earnings growth rate of anything that we would acquire would be at least as strong with our own organic growth rate, read that 5% to 7% a year. So those criteria are hard and fast. In fact, the first thing that Xia and I talked about on day one was those criteria, and she had a giant smile on her face.
Michael Weinstein: Scott, you also have dreams in night about M&A?
Scott Lauber: Just curious.
Michael Weinstein: Have a good night, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Sophie. How are you today?
Sophie Karp: I am doing well. Congrats on the quarter. And thank you for the time.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Sophie Karp: So it is pretty clear and I think a lot of questions have been answered. I just have one question. I'm not sure if you guys given it any thought, but so hydrogen seem to be making some kind of a comeback right now where people begin to look at it again as a potential - for its potential energy storage qualities, I guess, with the renewable build-out. Is that something you looked at, maybe have a pilot planned in that regard and just factoring it anyway in your planning? I'm just curious. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Great question. A lot of buzz, as you know, about hydrogen these days. Let me say this, we think there may be some potential there and there are lots of different ways if there might be potential. There are pilot projects. Florida Power & Light just announced a pilot project that will be going into service they believe in 2023. There are a couple of pilot projects that I'm very familiar in Europe right now. One of the things that we're looking at here relates to the potential use of hydrogen as a mix in our gas distribution lines. So there are lots of ways that the hydrogen angle can be played, but I will tell you, it is very, very early days. And we will - we obviously will keep a very close eye on this, but lot of research going on. Europe is probably a bit ahead in terms of the pilot projects. We are a long, long way away, in my opinion, from anything being commercialized and readily available. A lot of potential and it could, I think, help all of our companies get to the 2050 carbon goals. But long story short, this is really very early days, and we'll see where it all goes. But I think there's some possibility that we will - not only that we might be able to, but we will be looking at both renewable natural gas and hydrogen as part of the potential for our gas distribution company going forward. Kevin, anything to add to that?
Kevin Fletcher: Well, hydrogen, I'm sure you know, is very commonly used in petroleum refining and fertilizing. But the issue is the production and pipelining cost of it. So we'll continue to monitor that along the way, Gale, and as it makes sense, we'll look at it for our future.
Sophie Karp: Good. Thank you so much.
Gale Klappa: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hi, everybody.
Gale Klappa: Getting one of those blue martinis, whoever – they were lately.
Michael Lapides: The only thing that’s blue is my heart thinking about that [indiscernible] in the first three games and potentially given up that last playoff slot day. If there is anything that I am doing and about it getting Jon Marray [ph] and the team back on track.
Gale Klappa: Michael, you know, that you’re head coach down there was on the backstamp [ph] last year.
Michael Lapides: I am excited about our – I like our coach. I like our coach a lot. Got a question for you. Someone else asked the question about your cold fleet and maybe some of the smaller or the less economic units. Actually, I want to turn that question the other way around. Because when I think about how to make material changes to your carbon footprint, it's not the small plants, it's the large ones that move the needle. How should we think about your largest coal facilities, whether it's the older Oak Creek units or the newer ones or maybe some of the other, the Weston 4, which is not that old. How do you think about the path to win some of those would be potential retirement targets?
Gale Klappa: Well. That's a good question. But let me say this. We've already retired 40% of our coal-fired generating fleet, over 1,800 megawatts just since 2014. Most of those retirements were the older, less efficient plants. In fact, that's just the way we I think it's appropriate to look at the world. You look at what's on the bubble economically. So we don't have many of the smaller older plants left. We just don't because we've retired 40% of the coal-fired fleet. So as we begin to look at what other units are on the bubble, the economics will drive us. And I will say to you that our newer power, the future units at Oak Creek are so efficient and emit less carbon per unit of output than almost any of their coal-fired power plant on the planet, literally. So that would be the last thing you would look at. But long story short, what will drive our look at generation reshaping, our continuing look at generation reshaping is what is the least economic what can be replaced at a lower cost to customers, both in terms of actual operating dollars, actual capital expenditures, but also making the best in terms of environmental improvement. But we're not really driven necessarily by particular size, we're driven by economics.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. And then a total unrelated question. Can you talk about Wisconsin, the customer bill? And where you see kind of your average residential and your average industrial rates relative to kind of your regional peer group? And if there is dramatic differences either above or below, what could potentially change that in the coming years in either direction?
Gale Klappa: So let me say first, just to put things in context, we have, as you know, virtually frozen rates for the last five years. During that period of time, many of our regional peers and Beth likes to point this out. Many of our regional peers have actually - have actually had double-digit rate increases. Many of them year after year in terms of the rate increases that they've been authorized. So our competitive position, Michael, is really in great shape today. And if you look at customer bills, which I think is the appropriate measure and one that you're asking about, we're actually in great shape. And then we have - I mean, we're actually in great shape compared to our regional peers. But in addition to that, I want to talk about the other things that we've done that I think are relatively innovative, to be able to be incredibly competitive for new industrial customers. One of the things that we talked to Foxconn, they are glowing about their projected price per kilowatt hour. Our real-time pricing rates are getting our customers, industrial customers who are growing at prices under $0.04 a kilowatt hour. And recently, with natural gas prices down and demand down, gosh, there are days when it's $0.02 a kilowatt hour. So we have put in place a number of innovative rates to make our state incredibly competitive for new industrial customers and growing industrial customers. And I think you see that paying off in a number of the economic development announcements. But overall, in terms of our retail rates, residential, commercial and industrial, we are in very good shape competitively today.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And final question. I know next year because you're usually on every other year cycle, is there supposed to be a rate case here in Wisconsin is - given just kind of what's going on in the economy, do you fill yourselves as needing to come in? Or would there be any leeway, any discussion with the commission to where you could potentially push that out another year or two and hold off from a filing?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Good question. At this point, we'll wait and see every option is on the table. But I can tell you that the normal rate filing cycle that you're referring to would have us file sometime next year for rates that will go into effect in 2022 and 2023 with our forward look test periods. But again, to your question directly, no decision yet, but every option is on the table.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Gale. Much appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Michael. Take care.
Operator: Your last question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Thanks for filling me in.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome. How are you doing today?
Paul Patterson: Can you hear me?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Can you hear us?
Paul Patterson: I just did. Okay, sorry. I wanted to follow-up on Foxconn really briefly. So my understanding is that there's - at least last I heard there was a contract negotiation going on with the WEDC. And I was wondering if you have any update on that in terms of them getting the tax cut. It sounded like they got the jobs, they met the job qualification, but there are other issues, as you know, with this contract. So I was just wondering if, a, there was an update on that. And then the second sort of related question is you mentioned a lot of the economic development that's occurring around the Foxconn facility. And I'm just wondering, there was a lot of infrastructure and stuff that the state put in. And I'm just wondering, things obviously, we've got a pandemic, we've got budgetary issues with the state. Just whatever, there are things that can change, and obviously, that could potentially impact Foxconn. If it ends up that there isn't necessarily as much Foxconn investment as originally thought of and what have you. What's the potential for the development that you're seeing around the facility sort of still being there, if you follow me? It would seem to me that a lot of this, and I'm just thinking out loud, would probably be there just given the investment and sort of the activity already there, sort of its own sort of inertia, if you follow what I'm saying? Or can you give us any flavor on that?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Sure, Paul. Let's talk first about the additional private investment that I mentioned within a 20-mile radius of the Foxconn campus. Since 2017, when Foxconn first turned dirt down there. There have been more than 70 projects, other capital investment, other private entities making or announcing $1.2 billion of additional projects and capital investment. And today, even with the pandemic, about two thirds of those projects, two thirds of those 70-plus projects are either complete or underway. So that is going extraordinarily well. And again, for those of us who've been involved in economic development, Kevin and I have been at this for a long time. We've always seen and believed in the ripple effect, particularly when you have a major company making that kind of a commitment. And that ripple effect is alive and well, believe me. I mean think about that, $1.2 billion of additional capital investment, more than 70 projects. Again, two thirds of those are either underway or completed. In terms of the Foxconn project itself, they have never stopped construction during the pandemic. They revised their footprint, they've revised their plan, obviously, to adjust to market conditions. But their activity continues at pace down in what they call Wisconn Valley. And yes, my understanding is they are in discussions with the state about some changes to the original contract, the original incentive contract. But I think that's largely driven by, for example, that contract, which is public, talks about a Gen 10.5 fabrication plant, which they're not building. So there need to be clearly some technical changes in the contract. But the two parties, as I understand it, are in discussion, those discussions are private. But from everything I can tell, Foxconn's commitment to Wisconsin continues. In fact, they announced that they'll be, as you may recall, they'll be producing now ventilators for Medtronic, which never was expected obviously, because no one knew about a pandemic coming, but they're going to be starting very soon, producing ventilators on that site for Medtronic. So there's a variety of high-tech things that I don't think any of us expected that are going on there.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. Thanks for the update. And I guess with respect to the climate stuff, really, we should be thinking November is probably when you're going to be elaborating more on sort of what you're going to be - how you're going to be how you plan on reaching those goals and everything? Is that - that's what I've gathered so far. Is that pretty much what we should stay tuned for?
Gale Klappa: Yes, exactly. We'll roll out the broad details on our next analyst call, which is usually late October, early November and we'll be happy to provide all the details that you need during our discussions at the - what I believe will be a virtual EEI conference.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Thanks so much, guys.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome Paul. Take care.
Gale Klappa: All right, folks. Well, I think that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-04 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2020 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I'll remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, as we review our results for the opening quarter of 2020. I certainly hope that you and your families are all doing well and staying healthy. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are on the call with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, President and CEO and Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer. Now, as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported first quarter 2020 earnings of $1.43 a share, a strong performance despite lower natural gas demand during a mild first quarter. The result underscores our focus on operating efficiently and executing our capital investment plan. Scott will discuss our metrics in more detail a bit later in the call. Of course, as we plan for the long-term success of our company, we're also focused on providing essential service throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. As you would expect the health of our employees and communities remains our top priority. We've adopted numerous measures to minimize health risks and instill in our employees the importance of following the CDC guidelines. Stay at home orders, as many of you know were issued across our four states in late-March. Keep in mind that the full effect of the virus hit Wisconsin and Illinois relatively late. And the hardest hit parts of Michigan are outside of our service area. Given that timing, we saw only a minimal impact from the pandemic on our first quarter results. I’d also like to point out that we took action to further control costs even before the virus struck. The first quarter happened to be one of the warmest on record of the past century. When we saw mild weather at the beginning of January, we set the wheels in motion to reduce expenses in areas of our business that would not affect safety, reliability or customer satisfaction. Now stepping back, as we look more broadly at our business mix, approximately 38% of our pre-tax margin for the full year comes from our natural gas delivery business across our four state area. Also, a third of our earnings for the full year typically come in the first quarter. So with a strong start to the year, we're about as well-positioned as we can be to deal with the uncertainties ahead. Many of you have also asked about the status of the major economic development projects that have been announced in our region. The short answer is Rock On. A good example is the high-tech campus that Foxconn is building south of Milwaukee. The Gen 6 fabrication plant for LCD panels is fully enclosed now, and internal build out is underway. Smart manufacturing facility is also taking shape, with production of components for enterprise servers and racks expected to begin in the fourth quarter of this year. In addition, the external structure for Foxconn's Network Operation Center is being erected as we speak. And to help fight the pandemic, Foxconn and Medtronic have announced that Foxconn will produce a line of Medtronic ventilators in our state starting this summer. Obviously, we're keeping a close eye on local economic trends and customer demand for energy. Based on what we're seeing today, I do not expect any diminution in our long-term earnings growth rate of 5% to 7% a year. With minor adjustments our $15 billion capital plan remains on track. I'd like to highlight one area of that capital plan that is progressing well ahead of schedule. That's our Energy Infrastructure segment. You may have seen the announcement that we're increasing our ownership interest from 80% to 90% in the Blooming Grove, Thunderhead and Upstream Wind Farms. Pending all regulatory approvals, we plan to invest another $118 million for an additional 75 megawatts of capacity. A focus for our infrastructure segment, we've now committed over 40% of the total in our five year plan, and that plan just began in January. In short, our overall capital plan is low risk and highly executable. We have ample liquidity, no need to issue new equity. In fact, our available liquidity at the end of April has risen to $2.6 billion. And finally, I'd like to cover one other positive development from the first quarter. Just a few weeks ago, we announced the next important steps in our succession planning process. We're very pleased with Scott Lauber, will become our Chief Operating Officer effective June 1. In his new role, Scott will have senior oversight responsibility for power generation, like infrastructure and fuels, information technology, supply chain, supplier diversity and major projects. He also will be named President of Michigan Gas Utilities and Minnesota Energy Resources, and he will continue to serve as he has, as a member of the Office of the Chair. We're also welcoming, as you’ve heard a new addition to the team, Xia Liu will be joining the company as our new Chief Financial Officer, effective June 1. So I'm sure, you know Xia most recently served in the same capacity at CenterPoint Energy. Xia brings a tremendous amount of depth and experience to the new role. She began her industry career at Southern Company as a financial analyst back in 1998. During her career, she also served as the Chief Financial Officer of two Southern Company subsidiaries, Golf Power, and Georgia Power, and as the Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Southern Company. Xia, will also be a member of our Office of the Chair. These new appointments will bring additional depth and experience to an already strong leadership team, a team that as you know, has delivered exceptional results over many, many years. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin for details on our first quarter operations. Kevin, all yours.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start by highlighting the work of our dedicated employees, who are providing safe and reliable service throughout this health crisis. We've sharply curtailed work inside customer’s homes, and 80% of our employees are now working remotely or in the field. Our employees are adapting to these changes using technology, following health precautions and continuing to work efficiently. The remote work that's making our company safer would not have been possible without our recent technology investments. Although, we still have a long road ahead of us, I'm encouraged by the processes and procedures we have put in place across our companies. Our incident management team and occupational health and support services employees have been instrumental in executing our business continuity plans and developing new processes to address changing conditions. We’re working hard to support our customers through this crisis, and I'm grateful that we've also been able to contribute through our foundations to organizations on the front lines, including Local [indiscernible], hospitals, domestic violence shelters, food pantries and youth programs. Through these donations and matching gifts, we're providing more than $2 million to COVID-19 relief efforts. It's our way of thanking the people and organizations that sustain our communities. Despite these challenges we continue to make progress on key initiatives. Importantly, we have no active rate cases at this time, which is a real positive in our current environment. As you may know, the pandemic has made it necessary to stop disconnections and place a moratorium on new late payment charges for customers. Our regulators have been supportive and we're working through the specific mechanisms for future recovery. In Wisconsin, the Public Service Commission has made it clear that we are authorized to defer foregone late payment charges, uncollectable expense and incremental pandemic related costs. To be clear, this covers all related expenses in our residential as well as our commercial and industrial sectors. Turning now to our projects, we're on track to add utility scale solar generation to our portfolio. You may recall that we’ve already broken ground on two solar projects for Wisconsin Public Service, which will provide us with 200 megawatts of capacity. Our Two Creeks Solar Project remains on time to begin producing energy by the end of this year. Our Badger Hollow I Solar project is experiencing a modest delay, but we'll continue to earn allowance for funds used during construction. And we expect it to be operational by the end of April, 2021 in time for the MISO capacity auction. In February, the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin approved our investment in Badger Hollow II. Once complete, the solar park will provide We Energies with 100 megawatts of renewable capacity. We expect to invest $130 million in this project. And I'm sure that many of you’ve heard that the Democratic National Convention has moved from July to August. We've completed a thorough review of our network in preparation for the potential influx of delegates, and overall, we're in very good shape. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Kevin, thank you very much. As we look to the remainder of the year, our earnings guidance for 2020 stands at $3.71 to $3.75 a share. As I mentioned earlier, our actions today that put us in a very good position to achieve those results. So today, we are reaffirming our guidance for 2020. Again our guidance stands at $3.71 to $3.75 a share. Also, a quick reminder about our dividend. In January, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $63.25 a share, that's an increase of 7.2% over the previous quarterly rate. We continue to target a payout ratio as we've mentioned often of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're in the middle of that range right now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And now, with details on our first quarter results and more information on our outlook for the remainder of 2020, here is our CFO and about to be COO; Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Our 2020 first quarter earnings of $1.43 per share increased $0.10 per share compared to the first quarter of 2019. This result was driven by our continued emphasis on cost control, a modest rate increase at our Wisconsin utilities and additional capital investment. We estimate that the mild winter weather conditions accounted for a $0.10 drag on the first quarter earnings compared to last year. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of the first quarter 2020 and 2019 results. I’ll first focus on operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to Page 8 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the first quarter of 2020 was $627 million, compared to operating income of $543 million in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of $84 million. After adjusting for the impact of the 2019 tax repairs, operating income increased by $43 million. My segment update will focus on the remaining $43 million increase in operating income, which excludes the 2019 tax repair benefit. At a Wisconsin segment, adjusted operating income increased $25 million. This was driven by several factors. First, operating and maintenance expense decreased $41 million, largely due to savings from the retirement of the Presque Isle power plant a year ago, additional cost control measures and lower benefit cost. Second, our Wisconsin segment margins were $5.8 million lower. This factored in our recent rate order as well as positive fuel recovery. These positive drivers were more than offset by $41.2 million negative weather variants. And finally, depreciation expense increased $8.1 million as we continue to execute on our capital plan. In Illinois, operating income increased $23.7 million, driven by $19.7 million decrease in operating and maintenance expense net of riders. This is driven by lower repair and maintenance work due to milder winter temperatures, lower benefit cost and cost control. Operating income at our other state segment decreased $4.1 million, due to the mild first quarter. Turning now to our energy infrastructure segment. Operating income at this segment was down $1.2 million. As expected, Bishop Hill, Upstream and Coyote Ridge did not provide a material impact on operating income. Recall, that a significant portion of earnings from these wind farms come in the form of production tax credits, which are recognized as an offset to income tax expense. With Coyote Ridge coming online late last year, these protection tax credits contributed approximately $0.03 per share to our earnings in the first quarter of 2020, compared to $0.02 in the first quarter of 2019. Combining these changes and excluding the impact of 2019 tax repairs, operating income increased $43 million. Earnings for our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $39.8 million, an increase of $3.7 million. Higher earnings were driven by continued capital investment. Recall, that our investment is now earning a return on equity of 10.38%. This is per the November 2019 FERC rule. Other income net decreased by $25.3 million, mainly driven by investment losses related to our deferred benefit plans. These investment losses were partially offset the lower benefit expense noted in our operating segments. Interest expense increased $5 million, primarily driven by incremental long-term debt issuances at the subsidiary level to fund our capital investment program. Our consolidated income tax expense net of -- the 2019 tax repairs decreased $15.7 million. Lower tax expense was driven by the positive tax effect of refunding, unprotected tax benefits following our recent Wisconsin rates decision. This year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 16% and 17%. Excluding the flow back of the unprotected benefits, we expect our 2020 effective tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. Currently, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2020. Our projection show that we'll be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our current capital plan. At this time, I'd like to address our sales and earnings forecast for the balance of 2020. Based upon what we have seen in April, we are adjusting our 2020 sales forecast. Specifically, on the electric side, our forecast now assumes a 4% increase in residential sales volumes in the second quarter, trending to an increase of 0.5% by the fourth quarter. For small commercial industrial customers, we are assuming an 8% reduction in the second quarter trending to a reduction of 3% for the fourth quarter. And finally, for our large commercial industrial customers, we are assuming an 18% reduction in the second quarter, trending to a reduction of 7% by the fourth quarter. Overall, based on these assumptions, we are forecasting the total retail electric volumes, excluding the iron ore mine to decrease by approximately 5% for the remaining nine months, compared to our original forecast. These revised volumes translate to a reduction of approximately $70 million to $80 million in pre-tax margin for the year. We believe that we have the ability to absorb this margin compression through temporary initiatives, as well as multiple cost savings and efficiency measures across the enterprise. As Gale stated earlier, these initiatives will not compromise our commitment to safety, reliability and customer satisfaction. So we are confident and reaffirming our annual guidance of $3.71 to $3.75 per share. Given that the stay at home orders are still in place in our region, we are providing second quarter 2020 guidance of $0.58 per share to $0.62 per share. This assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. In last year's second quarter, we earned $0.74 per share. We've obviously projected declining sales volumes, and there are timing differences related to fuel cost recovery. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll, Shahriar. How are you today?
Shahriar Pourreza: Oh, not too bad. How you doing?
Gale Klappa: Yes. We're hunkered down doing well.
Shahriar Pourreza: That's great to hear. So a couple of questions. You touched on this a bit in your prepared remarks Gale. But can you give us a little bit more color and a high-level, how you're sort of thinking about the duration of the downturn? How long are you thinking the recovery is going to take? And maybe just talk about, a little bit about the sustainability of your levers this downturn is more protracted, right? So any risks to the 5% growth, any CapEx opportunities that become maybe secondary in nature, if this downturn is more projected than your own internal planning assumptions?
Gale Klappa: Well, great question Shahriar. Let me first say that I think we have been appropriately conservative in terms of our view of how quick recovery might take place, and what the extent of the recovery would be in the near-term. Scott covered with you our base assumptions in terms of sales declines. My sense is that if in the region, we can get the economy restarted by June, that things will evolve in fits and starts. As I mean, clearly as you know, two-thirds of the economy is driven by consumer demand. I think the real question for everybody is, how confident will the consumer be in going back to their semi-normal buying patterns. Having said all of that, I mean, I think we're appropriately conservative in terms of what we expect to happen to our electric and gas sales volumes. We're confident in our levers and in the dozens and dozens of initiatives that we have across the enterprise to become even more efficient. We're learning things here, as 80% of our workforces is operating remotely, if you will. So we feel very good about our ability to drive additional efficiency and cost reductions throughout the business. And we're prepared obviously to pivot either way, if the recovery is quicker then that’s all to the benefit, but I think we have been appropriately conservative. In terms of the capital plan, when you think about the elements of our capital plan, they are really all about reliability. So, I don’t see any really need or for that matter, I still see the need to continue of that capital plan focused on reliability and improved customer service. The infrastructure segment will be unaffected, as best I can tell. And so long story short, we really don’t see any threat right now to our long-term earnings growth rate projection of 5% to 7% a year. I hope Shahriar that responds.
Shahriar Pourreza: No, it does. And I just wanted to confirm then and your conservative bend does always comes to light. So thank you for that. Let me just -- since you touched on the infrastructure segment, are you seeing this economic dislocation short of -- is it driving any new opportunities in that segment? I mean you're well ahead of filling that capital budget. Are any developers facing any cash crunches, people looking to get out of projects, especially given you have an - obviously an advantage with your tax appetite? So can you have a [contra] [ph] effect where the -- what you're seeing in the economy actually play into the hands of your -- of that segment?
Gale Klappa: I would say it's a little too early to give you a definitive answer, but the early indications are yes, that there will be some additional high-quality projects. And remember, we are very particular about the kind of projects we're willing to take on in the infrastructure segment. But I would say that, given the sharp contraction on the economy, given the fact that some folks obviously need cash, I think we're going to see more opportunity. We will be very selective, though, as we work through that opportunity. But I do think there will be additional projects that we will take a hard look at.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Terrific. And then just lastly, can you just remind us if ATC receives a Transco adder? And if so, do you have any thoughts yet on the recent FERC NOPR proposal to remove? As we kind of understand it, it would be kind of a wash if they increase the RTO membership added by 50 bps. So how - are we sort of thinking about this correctly?
Gale Klappa: I think so. Although, I believe that one of the proposals and Scott and Kevin can echo me on this, I think one of the proposals is for there to be a 100 basis point adder for RTO participation. Right now, essentially ATC is getting a 50 basis point adder. So there's a possibility there, Scott, I think of another 50 basis points in the mix.
Scott Lauber: Yes, that's exactly correct from what I'm reading right now. So there's potential there.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Well, thanks so much guys. And congrats, Scott and Xia on the new rolls, and I'm sure Xia will get a little bit more rest at night [indiscernible]. So congrats guys.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. 
Scott Lauber: Hey Shahriar, I'm a night owl. So don't count on that.
Shahriar Pourreza: I know that. You guys, congrats.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from our Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Durgesh. How you’re doing?
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Gale. Doing great. Good afternoon, rather. Thanks for taking my question. I actually have a two into the weeds question, so I'll apologize upfront. The first one, as I understand, I see the $13.5 million in Wisconsin segment on Slide 8 that is, the $13.5 million decline in fuel savings. As I understand it, you were allowed to retain roughly $15 million versus your authorized demand, any fuel savings that you might have? Can you just comment on what of that $15 million, if any, have you utilized in the first quarter?
Gale Klappa: I think virtually, all of it, because of the timing of fuel recovery, Scott?
Scott Lauber: Correct. This is a $13.5 million better in the first quarter. And once again, it's a lot of it due to the timing of the fuel recoveries. As you recall historically, there's a pattern of the fuel recoveries at Wisconsin Electric, that you usually over collect in the first and second quarters, under collect in the third and then swings back in the fourth quarter. And we just really had some positive fuel recoveries with the price of natural gas and our operating fuel cost in the first quarter. So we are ahead of the plan in this first quarter, specifically, compared to last year and compared to our original guidance that we set.
Gale Klappa: So Durgesh, what that really means is, you won't see as big a pickup in Q2, because we’ve really eaten the full amount into Q1, because of again, of the timing and the collapse of oil and gas prices.
Scott Lauber: Exactly.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's what I thought. And then just maybe, Scott, any additional color on the other O&M category, the $22.3 million, what is that made up off? And how is that tracking perhaps versus your original guidance?
Scott Lauber: Yes. So the other O&M and what we did is we broke it out, because we've talked about this before, the offset of some of that deferred compensation is in the Rabbi Trust. So this O&M is really the day-to-day savings that we're seeing from the multitude of operating savings across the footprint. And this is specifically what's related to the majority of its what related to Wisconsin segment and there's more in Illinois and in the smaller utilities also. So that's the day-to-day stuff.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. Thank you, Scott, and congratulations.
Scott Lauber: Thank you. 
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Durgesh.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good afternoon. I appreciate it, you guys taking the time. Perhaps, let me take this as a couple clarification commentary perhaps a little bit of step forward. When you're thinking about the cost reductions to offset, I think you talked about $70 million, $80 million of pre-tax here. How do you think about the sustainability that into '21? And then subsequently, how do you think about this meshing into the regulatory process at large in Wisconsin? I'll leave it open ended. There's a lot of ways you could interpret that.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Well, in terms of sustainability, let me just go back and talk for a second about our track record. As you may recall, our day-to-day -- what we call our day-to-day operation and maintenance costs, we reduced those by 7.3% in 2019 over 2018. Our forecast and plan for this year was an additional 2% to 3% reduction over and above what we achieved in 2019. And now, we have put in, as we mentioned, I mean literally hundreds of measures across the enterprise. We're learning some things here in terms of additional possibilities for long-term sustainable cost reduction through what we've been forced to operate through the pandemic here. So costs I believe, are going to come down. I would just point to our track record of sustainable cost reductions to give you some confidence that a big chunk of what we're seeing here, I think will be sustainable. And of course, that not only benefits, the efficiency and the operation of the business, but also over the long-term benefits customers. Because it takes pressure off retail rates, and allows us to continue without pressure on retail rates, the kinds of important reliability investments that we're making in our $15 billion capital plan. Kevin, Scott, anything else you'd like to add?
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, this is Kevin. Let me first say, I'm extremely proud of what our employees are doing and how they’ve rallied during this COVID virus epidemic. But Gale, you just mentioned that we're looking at day-in and day-out what we can do to be more effective and more efficient, and we're finding a lot of those opportunities. And as you said, I believe they will be sustainable as we move forward.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Kevin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then if I can follow-up just quickly. Strategically, I know you talked about the infrastructure opportunities a moment ago. But how do you think about the landscape today as it stands? We've heard folks kind of backing away broadly from strategic opportunities, given the backdrop of late, but obviously, there's been a lot of valuations in relative valuations, et cetera. How do you think about the opportunity today more holistically and beyond that infrastructure?
Gale Klappa: So, you're specifically asking about Julien, opportunities in the infrastructure segment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I was thinking beyond that, really. I know you just made comments about robust set of opportunities on the infrastructure side. But I'm thinking strategically beyond that more corporate level?
Gale Klappa: Well, good question. And I think the answer will be boringly repetitive, because we have a set of criteria, as you know, that we use to look at any potential strategic or acquisition opportunity. And I'll just repeat them quickly, so we put everybody to sleep. But these are important, at least in my judgment. Following these criteria, in our sector, in our industry, I think, if you can follow these criteria and actually execute on them, I think you create shareholder value. If you don't, then I think the story gets a little bit more muddy. So our really set in stone criteria are, we would have to believe that anything we would acquire, will be a creative in the first full year after closing. We're not going to trash the balance sheet to do it, we worked very hard to have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry, and we’re not going to make something accretive by thrashing the balance sheet. And then thirdly, and I think Julien, this would be the gating question right now, as we look at the landscape, we’d have to believe that the growth rate of anything that we would acquire would have to be as strong as our own organic growth rate or stronger. Read that 5% to 7% earnings per share growth a year, that right now, would be I think the biggest gating question for us, as we look at anything around the landscape. I hope that responds to your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Absolutely. Thank you for the time guys, and do well.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, Gale. Good afternoon. Just maybe a little bit more color on sales, particularly if you have data for the month of April. If what it overall sales do and by class, so we have an idea?
Gale Klappa: Let me -- yes, we do have April data, happy to share it with you. Last time we chatted, I mentioned to you that we're also looking day-to-day at the MISO Midwest operator data for the 14 States in the broad, middle swathe of the country. So if you look at from March 24th, which was the date of the announcement of the stay at home order in Wisconsin, through May 2, basically kilowatt hours send out in the MISO footprint was down just over 8%. We've consistently day-to-day done a little bit better than that. And I think through the same dates, March 24 through May 2, we're down right around 7%. So we've consistently done day-in, day-out, a bit better than what we're seeing across the MISO footprint. And we are seeing an uptick pretty significantly in residential usage. Scott, would you like to talk about that?
Scott Lauber: Yes. So, we are looking at our residential usage. And like we've done before, we track our entire system and our large customers in residential, using our automatic meter reading. And really looking at the data, we are seeing anywhere to at least 5% plus and some weeks on the residential usage. So when we put our forecast together, looking at 4% is more of a realistic estimate to be a little conservative. And as you go through the customer classes, the large commercial and customers that we look at and we track as the 17 major segments that we're looking at in our area, and we get reports weekly on it. And we're seeing between 16% and 18% down there, and that's what we factored into our guidance here in the second quarter. And then the third segment is really that small commercial area that we're seeing down probably about 6% to 8%. So that's how we factored it in.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That was it for me. I appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Scott Lauber: You're welcome, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings. Michael, how are you today?
Michael Weinstein: I'm doing okay, Gale. Thank you very much. Congratulations Scott and Xia.
Scott Lauber: Thank you. 
Michael Weinstein: On the $7 million to $8 million reduction in sales, now that's based on second quarter being the worst it is and things getting better throughout the year. Can you kind of ballpark where things might be if, let's say the second quarter turns out to be like the whole year, turns out to be in the second quarter, you know the third and fourth quarter as well same kind of reductions?
Gale Klappa: We're doing a little meatball math here, as we think about responding appropriately to your question.
Scott Lauber: Yes. So if you would take that second quarter trended out and carry the whole year, that may be another $10 million to $15 million. And that's, the ballpark number we've been thinking about here, if that would be the case scenario. I mean, once again, we're seeing things start up and then kind of go back down and we anticipate as the stay at home orders start to open up, we'll see some movement here. But we do have those kinds of bookends here and we're watching it every day.
Gale Klappa: I think Scott is exactly right. As we've done our sensitivities, even if the second quarter became the third quarter and the fourth quarter, I think we're still under a $100 million in terms of pre-tax margin loss.
Michael Weinstein: The summer time has already been factored in this?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Yes, absolutely.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And also, is it apply to both electric and gas customers now that gas would be much of a factor? I’m curious if it's only electric.
Gale Klappa: Yes. No, we factored in both gas and electric. I would remind you, though, that the second and third quarters for gas deliveries are very minimal. Our big quarters, obviously are the heating seasons, so, Q1 and Q4 for natural gas. But we have factored in. And again, I mean our natural gas deliveries were largely unaffected by the pandemic in Q1. But we have factored in some reduction in Q4, assuming the world is not back to total normal for gas deliveries.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I’d add too, in my prepared remarks, and we still are expecting the Democratic National Convention to come here. And if it does and the markets open up, then there will be a lot of kilowatt hour usage during that summer period as well which will help.
Michael Weinstein: I think I missed this before, I heard something about regulatory treatments for COVID-19 expenses. Right now, you have residential escrow accounting in Wisconsin and a Rider in Illinois for at least for bad debt. Are there any other mechanisms being discussed or contemplated?
Gale Klappa: Yes. First of all, the Wisconsin commission was the first in the country to basically set up a regulatory mechanism. We are being asked, all the Wisconsin utilities are being asked to track and defer direct additional expenses related to response to the COVID pandemic number, one. And number two, since we've all agreed not to disconnect any customers during the pandemic, we're going to be allowed to defer and track for future potential recovery, any late fees that we cannot levy and resulting bad debt. But as you say, for Wisconsin, we already have escrow accounting for residential bad debt. And then you pop to Illinois, there's a docket underway right now. In fact, there are dockets really underway in each of the four states. The next for this along would probably be Illinois, where again, no disconnects, no new late fee payments. And the commission there is going to ramp up that docket sometime in the next few weeks. But I’d remind you, that we are decoupled in its natural gas delivery only in Illinois, and we are decoupled in Illinois. So that's obviously helpful as well. Scott, anything to add?
Scott Lauber: And in Illinois also, there was already in place collection of bad debt expense for both residential and commercial industrial in Illinois. So that's already in place.
Gale Klappa: There's a bill rider that's historically been in place there.
Michael Weinstein: Just my curiosity, I know that Amazon Development Center and warehouse [ph] right, it just got started up recently, just time. Is that seeing any kind of maybe ramped up activity that beyond that you were expecting or any plans for doing something more there?
Gale Klappa: Matter of fact, yes. There's another site that Amazon is looking at right now in one of the suburbs. That would be their site for same-day delivery. That's going through citing an approval process right now, but it's an existing warehouse. And my understanding is it's about 400,000 square feet. So yes, Amazon is actively looking at potential expansion here as well.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you very much, guys.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Andrew. How are you today?
Andrew Weisel: Hey, everyone. I’m good. How are you guys?
Gale Klappa: We're good.
Andrew Weisel: First a question for Gale. What would you say the odds are of the NBA resuming the season?
Gale Klappa: Great question. Here's what I can tell you. The league very much wants to resume. They've talked about even potentially restarting a part of the season as late as August. But I think there's a very strong desire on behalf of the league to in some way shape or form get to a meaningful playoff. Now, having said that, my own personal guess is if that does happen, it would be a broadcast only event without fans in the stands. But if I were a betting man, I would say odds are better than 50-50 that there will be some resumption of the current NBA season, even if it means a delay in starting the next season.
Andrew Weisel: All right, I hope so, as much as I love reading about utilities, I do miss sports.
Gale Klappa: Yes. And if you're a partial owner of the Bucks and they win the championship, you might get a ring. This would be pretty cool.
Andrew Weisel: Alright. So, next question. On the first quarter weather, I see the earnings package shows a roughly $45 million hit year-over-year. What would that be versus normal?
Scott Lauber: Oh, gosh, it is about $0.07, compared to normal. So about $28 million, $29 million.
Gale Klappa: Yes. $28 million to $30 million.
Scott Lauber: Yeah.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. So, in terms of the cost savings you mentioned you're going to start to look for some stuff, or you started to look in January. You're saying roughly $70 million to $80 million from the coronavirus and roughly $30 million from weather versus normal. Is that right? And that compares to your guidance of 2% to 3%, which would be roughly $25 million to $35 million? Did I get those numbers about right?
Gale Klappa: Yes, you're in the ballpark. Absolutely.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Then can you -- going back as you guys have generally been there for quite some time. Can you go back to 2008, 2009 and remind us of how much you were able to identify as far as incremental cost savings during that downturn?
Gale Klappa: Oh, good lord. Are you trying to say Andrew, we're old? Is that the question?
Andrew Weisel: I'm saying you’re consistent.
Gale Klappa: Well, I don't remember the specific number on O&M savings, but I can tell you this. Industrial energy usage during 2009 dropped by 10% compared to 2008. And small commercial and industrial got devastated as well. There was no real uptick like we're seeing now in residential. So I would say actually, based on our '09 experience and my memory, what we had to accomplish in terms of cost reductions and additional efficiency in '09 was probably as great or greater than what we're looking at potentially today. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. No, Gale, you're exactly right. And '08, '09 was a little different period there. But, once again, we executed and we achieved our earnings guidance and we earned our returns on our utilities.
Gale Klappa: I think a part of this is our general operating philosophy. I mean, when you focus as a mantra and as a management focus day-in day-out on the fundamentals and executing the fundamentals, as efficiently as you can, it really gives you good insight into where you can drive an additional reductions, additional cost control, additional efficiency, both short-term and long-term. I think one of the factors that I would cite for our success is really every day, we try to get better at the fundamentals of our business. And that's really the focus of what our operating teams do every day. So I think that's a big factor. Understanding exactly what's driving your costs and understanding exactly, not just top down bottom up as well on how we can get better every day.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, great. Then one last one, if I may. On liquidity, I believe you said $2.6 billion as of a few days ago. That's up quite a bit from the end of March or yearend. Can you remind us what you've done to bolster that? And the way you see the world today, do you think you're done in terms of capital raises for the year?
Gale Klappa: Scott, I’ll let you handle that one.
Scott Lauber: So actually, the cash flow has been positive so far. And we did issue a small debt at our small utilities about $110 million that helps with the liquidity. Overall, MERC/MGU in total it was $110 million. So we will still have some issuances through remaining of the year, as we look at financing now that we have multiple items in the infrastructure segment, we'll be looking at that and also potentially some holding company debt. So we're evaluating it right now and looking at the timing, but the rates are coming down a little, so that looks good. But right now the additional liquidity was good cash flow and additional debt at the smaller utilities.
Andrew Weisel: Great. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Jeremy, how are you?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. Thanks for having me. I think you've touched on industrial and specifically Foxconn activity at the start of the call here. But just wondering, if you could share anymore color on current and expected industrial activity going forward here? And I guess if you see the potential for any lingering impacts from the whole COVID-19 situation on post-2020 industrial level?
Gale Klappa: Well, the honest answer is, we don't know. I mean, until we see how the consumer comes out of this shutdown of the economy, it's really almost impossible to tell overall. But, having said that, every one of the major economic development expansion projects that we've announced in the last two years are as I mentioned, as Foxconn is a good example, are rocking and rolling and going forward with the same commitment. In fact, one of the -- and I won't mention their name because it's not public yet, but one of the major announcements we've made in the economic development front about a year and a half ago, we've just learned the footprint is going to be even larger. So that's one of the reasons why I don't see a diminution in our long-term growth rate. We've got major capital projects on the way, and I will tell you in terms of customer growth, customer expansion. The other thing I will tell you on the more optimistic or even more optimistic side, I already believe that we're going to see a reshaping of the supply chains, with much more productivity and much more production coming into the U.S. I think one of the lessons that everybody has learned is nothing against China, but we can't be dependent on Chinese production for all of the antibiotics that are prescribed in the U.S. or the great majority of them. I think you're going to see a reshaping of the supply chain. Again, with more production coming in the U.S. over the next few years, and Wisconsin will be particularly well suited to take advantage of that in my view.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. Thanks. And just one more if I could. I'm just wondering if you see COVID impacting the timing of pipe replacement in Illinois, kind of both from a rate increase perspective and an economic development perspective.
Gale Klappa: Well, I will say this, given the stay at home orders, we have shifted a little bit in Illinois some of the pipe replacement work and actually to very much to our benefit and customers' benefit. So the plan was to really upgrade the piping systems in a number of neighborhoods starting in the first quarter. Now, though, the Chicago loop is deserted, and we were able to get some permits to do work we would have done at a later time, but was on the schedule in the Chicago loop. We are far more productive with that work than you can possibly imagine, because there's simply no traffic and nothing to disrupt the timing of the work. So from the standpoint of actually being even more efficient and getting some work done that eventually, absolutely, had to be done in the Chicago loop, the pandemic has actually been helpful to us in terms of shifting that work. It is slowing down, obviously some of the work in the neighborhoods, but we're really pleased that we've been able to get a real leg up on work in the loop. Kevin, Scott, anything to add to that?
Kevin Fletcher: Yes. Gale, I would add, it makes sense, excuse me, Scott, for doing so because as you just mentioned, moving away from the neighborhood. So I'm allowed us to not have as much interaction with going inside the homes, because in addition to the pipe replacement we're also moving meters from inside to outside. So with the COVID-19, we made a decision to minimize that and focus attention where we could be more productive, as you just mentioned.
Jeremy Tonet: That's a very helpful color. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, Gale, glad to hear you and your family are all well. Thank you for taking my question. And congrats to Scott again on his new role within the company's leadership team.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Michael, do you think we got to give him a raise?
Michael Lapides: No, absolutely not. Not in this environment. Maybe five or seven years from now. We'll talk about that.
Gale Klappa: I appreciate that. Thank you very much. Just what I wanted to hear.
Michael Lapides: I’ll talk about demand and the revenue impacting around $75 million or so. And I just want to make sure I'm thinking about puts and the takes. So in Wisconsin, you had $22 million of O&M benefit. In Illinois, you had almost 20 -- so call it $42 million total. So you're kind of more than halfway to the O&M cost reductions that would offset that demand weakness. Are you saying that that's all the O&M you would take out? Or are you saying that you would take out even more than that, because that’s what the original plan already had?
Gale Klappa: Great question, and let’s backup for a minute. Remember, our initial plan embedded in our earnings guidance and our forecast for the year, was a reduction in O&M of 2% to 3%. So some of what you’re quoting for Q1 results really was part of the plan. So when you look at, what we’re talking about here was the $70 million to $80 million projection for our base case in terms of pre-tax margin reduction, and offsets that we expect to achieve through O&M savings. That’s over and above the 2% to 3%. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes, that’s exactly right. So, we had a great first quarter on our O&M control, and that was really needed to offset some of the weather that we had. But the O&M for the rest of the year, we’re going to continue to take cost out as we talked about to achieve that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So I guess my question is, is the total O&M reduction kind of the another 3% to 5% in addition to the original 2% to 3% that you had targeted? Is that kind of the right way? Or maybe it's easier if we just put this in dollar millions and kind of go from there?
Gale Klappa: Yes. I think percentage wise you're pretty much on it. Yes. But we'd assume 2% to 3%, then if you add the $70 million to $80 million on top of that, yes, you're in the ballpark.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. And you think kind of a sustainable into 2021 and beyond? I mean, kind of a permanent reduction in O&M, which would obviously go to back to the customer will go tall?
Gale Klappa: I'm sorry, you were very muffled there, Michael. I did not catch your question.
Michael Lapides: Okay. And you assume some of that is permanent, that incremental O&M reduction, meaning that it would last in the 2021 and beyond?
Gale Klappa: Yes, that's exactly correct.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay, guys. Thank you, Gale. Much appreciate it. And I hope your Bucks are playing soon.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: Good afternoon. How are you doing?
Gale Klappa: What's you up to today? Anything good, Paul?
Paul Patterson: I’m about good. But just to sort of follow-up on a few questions here. You said that the O&M savings, a big chunk of them are sustainable. Could you give a little bit more of a quantification on that? Or if you can't, can you sort of qualify, give us a sense as to where you're seeing the savings longer-term, the longer-term stuff?
Gale Klappa: Well, it's a little bit early to give you a precise answer. The $70 million to $80 million of cost savings that we expect to achieve this year on exactly what amount of that is sustainable. But I will tell you that -- and I think this is the case for many of our brethren across the industry. Now that we're having to operate as remotely as we are, and we're doing very well. I mean, as Kevin mentioned earlier, actually our customer satisfaction levels are the highest I've ever seen. And we generally have very high customer satisfaction. And I think our folks have managed to operate very effectively in this environment. So for example -- and we will be shaking this all out as we continue to watch and observe over the course of the rest of the year. But I'll give you one specific example. We're not going to need as many physical facilities as we once thought we would need. And there were some expansion plans on the drawing board. I don't think we're going to need that. I don't believe we're going to need all of them, maybe none of them, but as an example. So we'll see how this goes. But I would just point you back to our track record. I mentioned earlier more than a 7% decline in sustainable O&M reduction, ‘19 over ‘18, a 2% to 3% that we believe was going to be permanent this year. And I think it will be more than that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then sort of following-up on the question about Illinois and the pipe replacement program. As you know, there was a resolution that passed the city council. And do you think that the changes that you're talking about will ameliorate, I guess their concerns as articulated, I guess in this resolution? Do you follow what I'm saying? I mean, how should we think about that resolution, I guess?
Gale Klappa: Well, this was the same resolution that was passed a year ago. So now we're in the second year of the same resolution. For those of you who are not familiar with this, the resolution basically asked the governor to look into the cost and effectiveness of the pipe replacement program. The major concern as we understand it from a few of the council members is affordability. And there's a very, very good answer to that. And that is that if you look at customer bills, customer gas bills in Illinois, starting in the year that this legislation was passed that incentivized utilities in Illinois to accelerate the pipe replacement program, customer bills are actually down. We have not created an affordability crisis in any way shape or form. Once completed, and it's going to take a while, the system will be more efficient, that should be helpful in terms of customer bills. And in addition to that, we have just provided to the Illinois Commerce Commission an independent study from a worldwide internationally known engineering firm, that the Commission asked us to basically take a hard look at the execution of our pipe replacement program. So we've just presented the -- it's called the Kiefner study. You may want to take a look at that. It should be on the Illinois Commerce Commission website, or a summary of it certainly should be. But the bottom line is, the Kiefner study indicated that the aging pipes underneath Chicago have a useful life even shorter than what we had anticipated. And the average useful life remaining according to the Kiefner study is 15 years. So Kiefner, actually recommended in its study to the Illinois Commerce Commission that we accelerate the work to an even greater degree than we're trying to do now. I don't know practically other than a pandemic where you can do a lot more work in a loop. I don't know how practical, significant additional acceleration is. But long story short, there's even more evidence now of the need for the program, number one, verified by an outside international engineering firm. Number two, there is no heating cost crisis compared to when this program started.
Paul Patterson: Excellent. Thanks so much for clarifying that. And then just, I know you get the deferral back to Wisconsin. I know you get t deferral on the electric and gas side there due to COVID and everything. But could you just give us a flavor as to what your actual experience is in terms of people paying their bills on time over the last month or so? Or do you have any trends or any data you could share with us in terms of what you're seeing in terms of the bill pay?
Gale Klappa: Paul, really nothing yet, in that. Remember, we're under a residential disconnect moratorium in all of our cold weather states, that usually runs through April 15. So we wouldn't have seen any major difference in terms of collectability or disconnections through tax day, normal tax day anyway. So we're really only looking at about a two week period since then. And I don't think the data Scott is meaningful on that two week period.
Scott Lauber: No. It's pretty early yet. Normally, we see a little reduction in those remaining two weeks, we saw a small increase, but it's really early yet. So we're watching it very closely like everything else.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Great. Thanks so much, guys. Hang in there.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. You too, Paul. Thank you very much. Well, folks, we really appreciate your questions. That concludes our conference call for today. If you have any additional questions free feel -- I cannot talk anymore. You wore me out here. Feel free to contact Beth Straka, Head of our Investor Relations Group. And she can be reached at 414-221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Stay safe and take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year End 2019 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time.  Before the conference call begins, I'll remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for calendar year 2019. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, President and CEO; Scott Lauber, Chief Financial Officer; Bill Guc, our Controller; Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Tony Reese, Treasurer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported full year 2019 earnings of $3.58 a share, and I'm pleased to report that we delivered a record year on virtually every meaningful measure of performance. Our customer satisfaction was swift recovery from severe July storms that caused extensive damage to our system. As we review our financial results, our balance sheet continues to strengthen. In fact, our ratio of holding company debt to total debt now stands at 28% that beats our 30% goal. In 2019, we also eliminated regulatory assets for transmission costs, and we continued to leverage the benefits of tax reform for both customers and shareholders. In addition, we worked effectively to settle our Wisconsin rate reviews, which represent approximately 70% of our regulated assets. We also took our environmental efforts a step further. We set a new goal in 2019 to reduce the rate of methane emissions from our natural gas distribution system by 30% per mile by the year 2030. Our ongoing work to modernize Chicago's natural gas delivery network is key to achieving this goal, and we continue to analyze our climate-related risks and opportunities. In fact, the recent Moody's report focused on the risk exposure of regulated utilities to heat stress, water stress and extreme rainfall. I'm pleased to note that WEC Energy ranks among the lowest risk companies in our sector. During 2019, we also reached a number of significant milestones in our Infrastructure segment. The Coyote Ridge Wind Farm is now in service in South Dakota and will contribute a full year of earnings in 2020. As you may recall Coyote Ridge consists of 39 turbines with a capacity of roughly 97 megawatts. We invested approximately $145 million for our 80% share of the windfarm and we’re entitled to 99% of the tax benefits. As you know, a significant portion of our earnings from this facility come in the form of production tax credits. Project has a 12 year off-take agreement with Google Energy LLC for all of the energy produced. We also announced back in September that we will acquire an 80% ownership interest in the Thunderhead Wind Energy Center for $338 million. Invenergy is developing this project in Nebraska and we expect it to be in service at the end of 2020. The site will consist of 108 GE wind turbines with a combined capacity of 300 megawatts. The project has a long-term off-take agreement with AT&T for a 100% of the energy produced. We expect Thunderhead will qualify for production tax credits and a 100% bonus depreciation. Then earlier this week, folks, we announced plans for another new development. We've agreed to acquire an 80% ownership interest in the Blooming Grove Wind Farm for $345 million. Invenergy is developing this project in Illinois with commercial operation expected to begin by the end of this year. The site will host 94 wind turbines with a total capacity of 250 megawatts. Blooming Grove has a 12 year off-take agreement with affiliates of two multinational companies with our investment grade. We expect that Blooming Grove will be eligible for a 100% bonus depreciation as well as production tax credits. Overall, we're very encouraged about these investments in renewable energy, which will serve strong businesses for years to come. We expect a return on these investments to be higher than our regulated returns. Of course, we’re being very selective as we vet future projects. We're only interested in projects that achieve our financial return metrics and do not change our risk profile. Now let's take a brief look at the regional economy that’s supporting our company's longer-term growth. Wisconsin's unemployment remains near record lows for the state and we continue to see strong economic development projects in the pipeline. Foxconn is moving forward with its plan to create a high-tech campus in Racine County, South of Milwaukee. Work on a Generation 6 fabrication plant for liquid crystal display screens is progressing. The fab, which spans about 1 million square feet is now enclosed and work is beginning on the internal structures. Foundations are also in place for a high-capacity data center. In addition, Foxconn has announced plans for a smart manufacturing facility. Construction crews began lifting the exterior walls into place for the smart manufacturing plant earlier this week. Based on public data, we estimate that Foxconn's investment in Wisconsin over the past two years has risen to approximately $500 million. Turning a bit further South in the Kenosha area, Uline has announced plans to invest $130 million in two new facilities and bring approximately 350 new jobs to the area. Uline as you may know, is a leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging supplies with headquarters here in Wisconsin. In addition, Milwaukee Tool has announced another expansion. Milwaukee Tool will invest $100 million in a large multipurpose campus Northwest of the city in Menomonee Falls. The company also committed to adding 870 jobs in Wisconsin by the year 2025. These are exciting times. We look forward to more economic development and opportunity across the region. Now, I'll turn the call over to Kevin for more insight on our operations and our regulatory calendar. Kevin, all yours.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. First, I'd like to share some good news. Our largest subsidiary, We Energies was named the most reliable electric utility in the Midwest for the ninth year running. Wisconsin Public Service also was recognized for the first time for outstanding reliability performance. Now, I'll briefly review where we stand in our four state jurisdictions. As you’ll recall, in March of last year, we filed a proposal with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to set customer rates for We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service. And in August, we entered into settlement agreements with the Citizens Utility Board of Wisconsin, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and Clean Wisconsin. On December the 19th, the Commission issued its written order of firming those settlement agreements and setting rates for the next two years. New rates went into effect on January the 1st. During 2019, we also continued to make progress in developing solar generation for our regulated businesses in Wisconsin. You may recall that in Wisconsin we're planning a total of 300 megawatts of utility scale solar capacity, the first facilities of this size in the state. We’ve broken ground on two solar projects for Wisconsin Public Service, Two Creeks and Badger Hollow launch. Our share will total 200 megawatts for an expected investment of approximately $260 million. Both projects are scheduled to begin producing energy by the end of this year. And this past August, at We Energies we filed with the Wisconsin Commission for approval to acquire 100 megawatts of capacity at the Badger Hollow II Solar Farm. The projected investment would be $130 million. We expect to receive the Commission's decision this spring. We also see efficient natural gas storage, another important part of our regulated business strategy. In particular Wisconsin needs more natural gas peaking capacity at the highest demand times on the coldest days. We're continuing to evaluate site plans for two liquefied natural gas facilities to help to meet our customers’ needs during the winter peak. We expect to invest approximately $370 million in these projects. If approved by the Wisconsin Commission, construction is expected to begin in the summer of 2021. Turning to Illinois, we continue making progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program. This program is critical to providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network that is modern, safe and reliable. We're approximately 28% complete with our replacement of outdated, corroded natural gas piping, some of which was installed more than a century ago. We continue to project an investment of $280 million to $300 million per year on average in this program. Now, let's turn to Michigan. In 2019, we completed our new natural gas-fired power plants in Michigan's Upper Peninsula on time and on budget. These plants are now providing a cost-effective, long-term power supply for our customers in the Upper Peninsula. With these new units operating, we were able to retire our older, less efficient coal-fired plant at Presque Isle. This resulted in significant operations and maintenance savings and reduced CO2 emissions. Taking a broader look across our business, we continue to focus on operating efficiency and financial discipline. As a whole, we exceeded our 2019 goal to reduce our day-to-day operation and maintenance costs. Our goal was a reduction of 4% and we actually achieved a 7% reduction. We have set a goal to further reduce our O&M by an incremental 2% to 3% in 2020 as well. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Kevin, thank you very much. As you'll recall, ladies and gentlemen, our 2020 guidance is in a range of $3.71 a share to $3.75 a share. This translates to an earnings growth of between 6% and 7.1% of our 2019 base of $3.50 a share. Recall, $3.50 a share was the midpoint of our original guidance for 2019.  And finally, a word about our dividend policy. At its January meeting, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend of 63.25 cents a share for the first quarter of 2020. That's an increase of 7.2%. New quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $2.53 a share. This marks the 17th consecutive year that our company will reward shareholders with higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We are right in the middle of that range now and so I expect our dividend growth will continues to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And now, with details on our 2019 results and our outlook for 2020 is our CFO, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Our 2019 earnings for $3.58 per share increased $0.24 per share compared to 2018, a 7.2% increase. In 2019, we benefited from additional capital investment, reduction in tax credit and continued emphasis on cost control. While all of our utilities met their financial goals, our Wisconsin utilities earned their fully-allowed ROE and customers will see the benefit going forward through the sharing mechanism. We posted the earnings packet to our website this morning. It includes a comparison of fourth quarter and full-year results. My focus will be on the full year, beginning with operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense and income taxes.  Referring to Page 10 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for 2019 was $1.530 billion as compared to operating income of $1.470 billion in 2018, an increase of $63 million. Recall that as part of our previous rate settlement in Wisconsin, we agreed to apply the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory assets. The plan continued through year-end. And as we expected, the transmission escrow asset balance at We Energies was eliminated. My update will focus on changes in operating income by segment excluding the impact of tax repairs and our adoption of the new lease accounting rules. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income increased $42 million net of these adjustments. Lower operation and maintenance expense resulted in approximately $105 million increase in operating income driven by efficiencies and effective cost control across the enterprise. This positive impact on operating income was largely offset by a few items. First, lower sales volume due to primarily cooler summer weather conditions accounted for approximately $26 million decrease in operating income. Second, depreciation and amortization increased $35 million as we continued to execute on our capital plan. And finally, operating income was reduced by a $22 million tax item that flow through operating. This was fully offset by a reduction in tax expense. In Illinois, operating income increased by $36 million, primarily as a result of our continued investment in the safety and reliability of the Peoples Gas System. Operating income at our other state segment decreased $3.5 million. Turning now to our Energy Infrastructure segment. Operating income at this segment was up $800,000 driven by additional investment in our Power the Future plans. As expected, the Bishop Hill, Upstream and Coyote Ridge Wind Farms did not have a material impact on operating income. Recall, a significant portion of earnings from these wind farms come in the form of production tax credits, which are recognized as an offset to income tax expense. These production tax credits contributed approximately $0.08 per share to our earnings for the year compared to $0.01 in 2018. The operating loss at our Corporate and Other segment increased by $12 million. This variance reflects a $5.3 million gain that we recorded in 2018 related to the sale of a legacy business, as well as an impairment recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019 on assets that we inherited from the Integrys acquisition. Combining these variances and excluding the impact of tax repairs and the new lease rules, consolidated operating income increased $62.8 million. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled over $128 million, a decrease of $9.1 million as compared to 2018. Our earnings from ATC decreased by $19 million as a result of a recent FERC order addressing the MISO complaints. Going forward, we're recording ATC earnings, assuming a 10.38% return on equity. This includes a 50 basis point added for our participation in MISO. Other income net increased by $32 million driven by investment gains associated with our benefit plans. Note that these investment gains partially offset the benefit expense included in our operating segment. The remaining increase relates to the non-service cost component of our pension and benefit plans. Our net interest expense increased by $53 million, mostly due to higher long-term debt balances to fund the capital investment. This excludes the impact of the new lease guidance.  Our consolidated income tax expense, net of tax repairs, decreased by $42 million. The major drivers were production tax credits from our wind investments and the 2018 tax reform item that I mentioned earlier. Our 2019 effective tax rate was 9.9%. Excluding the benefits of tax repairs, our 2019 effective tax rate would have been 20.6%. Looking forward, we expect that 2020 effective tax rate to be in the range of 16% to 17%. This includes the effects of the unprotected tax benefits that are being refunded to customers following our recent Wisconsin rate decision. Excluding these benefits, we expect our 2020 effective tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. At this time, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2020. Our projection show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our capital plan. Turning to our cash flow statement. Our FFO-to-debt was 18.5% in 2019. Looking ahead, we expect FFO-to-debt to be in the range of 16% to 18%. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(K) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $2.5 billion in 2019, a $112 million increase from 2018.  Turning now to sales. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of 2019, our utilities were serving approximately 10,000 more electric and 14,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on Page 13 and 14 of the earnings packet. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine were down 2.8% compared to 2018, and at a weather-normal basis, deliveries were down 1.7%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 2.6% versus 2018 and by 1.8% on a weather-normal basis. This excludes gas used for power generation.  And now I'll briefly touch on our 2020 sales forecast for our Wisconsin segment. We are forecasting a slight decrease of one-half of 1% in weather-normalized retail electric deliveries, excluding the iron ore mine. We project the Wisconsin weather-normalized retail gas deliveries to increase by seven-tenth of 1%. This excludes gas used for power generation, and of course, both of these projections are adjusted for leap year in 2020. Finally, let's look at our guidance for the first quarter of 2020. Last year, we earned $1.33 per share in the first quarter. As you recall, this included approximately $0.04 related to the colder-than-normal weather in 2019. Factoring in this and the 16% warmer-than-normal January, we project first quarter 2020 earnings to be in the range of $1.32 per share to a $1.34 per share. This assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. And with that, I will turn the things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we're continuing to perform at a high level, on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.  Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open. 
Shahriar Pourreza: So let me -- just a couple questions here. You guys are backfilling this infrastructure capital budget relatively fast especially with last week's acquisition. What's the spending shape look like given sort of these recent opportunities i.e. is there any opportunities to provide upside to your current guide or is this just kind of an acceleration of that spend? And then Scott, I know you mentioned on the cash tax position being a partial payer. But does that include last week's acquisition? Just wanted to get a little bit of clarity there.
Gale Klappa: Well, Shahriar, we will be happy to answer those questions. First, I would view our announcement this week on Blooming Grove, basically an acceleration of a five year plan. If you kind of looked at what we've accomplished so far with what we believe are very high quality projects, we're almost -- we're about 38% already in terms of the projects that we've agreed to acquire, right about 38% of the spending we projected at our five year plan. But I would view it as an acceleration and I will tell you why. Our five year plan, which projected about $1.8 billion in this particular segment of capital spending essentially was a happy marriage of the high quality projects that we saw, that we really had a strong interest in, coupled with our ability to utilize all of the tax benefits. If you put all that together, it kind of shook out at $1.8 billion. So Scott, I would view this as an acceleration.
Scott Lauber: Right. It's just it's just the timing. And when you look at the tax position, and we see a very small taxpayer, it’s going to be under $15 million, $20 million, because of the tax rules, there are still some tax payments that are made. But as you know, we're slowly starting with the PTC's work into 2021 1Q. So that'll not be a full taxpayer in 2021. But still when you look at our five year plan, a lot of capacity is on our tax side. 
Gale Klappa: And Shahriar remember, this particular wind farm doesn't come into service until the very end of 2020. 
Shahriar Pourreza : And then just on the regulated renewable, there's obviously a lot that you're doing there. Can I just get a sense on how this could impact your decision to exercise the West Riverside option to purchase maybe up to 200 megawatts of that plant? Is there sort of a read-through on that option, and whether you would exercise it?
Gale Klappa: No, I wouldn't do any read-through on that. That is still something that we're analyzing, still something we're taking a look at. As we continue to review our demand forecasts, our needs, the impact of renewables, but that is still something that's on the tables Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just lastly, Gale, a little bit more of a policy question. I mean obviously we had a Commission announcement last -- a couple of weeks ago around resignation. So we're obviously likely going to see a bit of a democratic shift with Evers’ appointment. Is there kind of any read-throughs that we should be thinking about from a policy standpoint as it looks like the majority may change, business as usual or could this kind of accelerate some of the solar decarbonization plans that are out there?
Gale Klappa: My own sense is, I would look at any additional appointments of the Commission largely as business as usual. But I will say, and remind everyone that the Governor has appointed a climate task force. He has announced a aspirational goal late last year to basically have carbon-free electricity by 2050. In this task force in which our company is represented, had its actual first meeting just a week or so ago. So, during this year, I think you will see some policy recommendations related to decarbonization coming out of this task force. In many ways the Public Service Commission would in all probability need to implement some of those policy changes that they were adopted. But the policy shift that I would see coming, if there is one, would really come through the Governor's task force on climate change, if that makes sense to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon: Can we unpack the O&M performance a little bit because it really is quite impressive? If I look at Page 8 of your release, I think you’re telling me I should be looking at the O&M as adjusted for impact of the flow-through of tax repairs, right? That's like the clean number.
Scott Lauber: Yes. That's right.
Greg Gordon: And it’s down dramatically. And although more so I think because when I look at the rabbi trust activity, that's basically offset in O&M by an offsetting adjustment in O&M. So, if I adjust it for the rabbi trust activity, the O&M comparison would be even better than it looks, is that -- I think that's correct. And if so, can you unpack for us what the sort of structural savings are that are now flowing through on a full year basis from the activities you pursued or sort of permanent benefits? And I think there's more to come with the investments you've made in technology and things like that. So, I am just wondering, A, what's the structural improvement in O&M and where they do come from? And B, what the follow-on from continued activities on that front?
Gale Klappa: Would be happy to. Let me frame all of this for you and then we're going to let Scott and Kevin weigh in on some of details. But we did have an exceptional quarter in terms of continued efficiencies across the business and there are a couple of factors that I think are important here. The first is that, during 2019, we saw essentially pretty much a full-year benefit of the implementation of our ERP system across the entire enterprise. So, that was helpful. And we're continuing -- as people get used to that new system, we're continuing to see efficiencies and benefits that we thought we would. And then compared to Q4 of a year ago, compared to Q4 of 2018 for example, there were there were significant O&M savings related to the closer of coal fired power plants. Remember in -- we've basically over the last several months, in year and a half or so, we've retired three old or less efficient coal fired power plants, units at Presque Isle, up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan where the latest to be retired in the spring of 2019. We have the Pulliam plant near Green Bay retired and we had Pleasant Prairie retired. So we're seeing -- in the fourth quarter we saw O&M benefits flow through from no longer having to incur O&M for the operation of those plants.  Then we had some of our technology investments continue to kick in. And as Kevin said, we're projecting additional O&M savings that we think we're going to gain here. And we're on track to gain in 2020. So Scott, Kevin, anything you’d like to add. 
Kevin Fletcher : You already mentioned the ERP. If you look at common platforms across our system in the fourth quarter of this year, we will complete our customer information system to have that across all of our companies. We have already seen even this past year some savings from what we had in place already. But in addition to that, through last year and focusing on the future, just looking at process improvement, so as we look across like the jurisdictions, do benchmarking, we're looking at common standards and where it makes sense, so to have a proactive and the similar approaches across our system. That has produced some positive results for us on our O&M reduction, and it will continue to. 
Gale Klappa: Scott?
Scott Lauber : I don't think there is anything else. It is across the enterprise, though. Everyone has a O&M takeout, opportunities and efficiencies to gain. 
Gale Klappa: And we're doing that Greg, which I'm very pleased about and I thought we would be able to. We're doing that while increasing customer satisfaction. So that's one of the reasons I mentioned earlier in my remarks. As we tracked our operational and financial performance, we had a record year across virtually every meaningful measure of performance. 
Greg Gordon: So there is an incremental improvement on run rate O&M as you get to the sort of fully baked savings from the coal plant closures. And then there's incremental O&M benefits but from the -- that you think you'll get from the ERP and also from the rollout of the CIS amongst other things. 
Gale Klappa: You nailed it. That's exactly right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just following up on Greg's question here. I think that's really germane. Can we dig in a little bit further to the prospects to sustain these levels of cost reductions? I mean they're really quite dramatic. I mean I think Greg emphasized it enough. But the point being, how sustainable are these given how outsized they appear to be relative to the balance, not just on a trailing basis but prospectively for ‘20 here as you think through the balance of your playing period. And maybe even to push the point a bit further, how identified is it just -- not just in '20, but through the balance of the year financial period that you're forecasting in terms of these levels of reductions?
Gale Klappa: Well, I'll take a stab at that, certainly Scott can add anything he would like to and Kevin as well. But let me say this, we believe and I think our track record demonstrates that the kind of cost savings that you saw, that we continue to believe we're going to continue on a downward path, those are very sustainable. We wouldn't be publicly committing to them if we didn't think we could absolutely sustain them. So again, we took 7% of the day-to-day O&M out of the business in 2019, 2% to 3% projected reduction in 2020. And again, we're doing this I think in a very highly planned and deliberate way. And a good chunk of it is coming really from two areas. One we mentioned before that we're getting the full benefit of now, and that's the O&M takeout from the closure of less efficient coal-fired power plants. The other is the investment in technology. So my view guys would be highly sustainable. 
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I'd agree, we just mentioned a couple of things that we're doing, but let me add one more on the customer service side, though, we have and are investing in our AMI infrastructure and we've seen savings from having that in place to reduce the rolls of truck that will continue. And we'll see those opportunities ahead in the upcoming years. Also leveraging technology like mobile apps as an example, as we get that out into our customers we will be able to have more interaction with our customers and give them opportunities to pay their bills online, minimize paper billing, things of that nature. So I would agree that sustainability of that is built into a lot of what we're doing on customer service side, especially with the things that I just mentioned.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let me if I can please, to jump a little further. What about the compounding nature of that trajectory right? 2% to 3% is impressive, but through your forecast, do you anticipate compounding of that trajectory? And then perhaps the really relevant second question is, you've done it before. How do we think about the cadence of rate cases? I know we're getting out a little bit but just given the scale of cost reductions here, certainly the question doesn't seem too early in terms of across any one of your jurisdictions given the enterprise wide cost reductions that are contemplated here? I mean, i.e., pushing them out.
Gale Klappa: I'm chuckling because we just got through the rate reviews for 70% of our regulated assets. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I know, I recognize it but then the cost reductions are incredible. 
Gale Klappa: Well, we appreciate that. Let me say this, historically, as you know, in Wisconsin, the Commission has liked and has really requested in every two year cadence for rate reviews. But that's not to say that set in concrete. We'll take a look at it as we go forward and see where we are, see where the Commission’s sentiment is, et cetera. But long story short, we feel very good about our ability to execute. And again, do so in a way that maintains high reliability and high levels of customer satisfaction.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, too early to tell. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. 
Michael Sullivan: Just one more on the O&M. What do you guys assume for earned ROEs now that you've got this kind of different sharing band where you can over earn a little bit before you get back to customers. Where does this -- these O&M savings targets put you on a earned ROE basis? 
Gale Klappa: We're assuming as we have in the past that we earn the allowed rates of return in each one of our retail jurisdictions.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Sorry, just to clarify, is that like at the electric utilities, is it 10%, or up to the 10.25% that you can do before sharing?
Gale Klappa: Right now we're assuming 10%.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. And then over to the sales growth. So, I think for 2020, electric, you're forecasting down a little bit and if we go back to some of your EEI slides, there’s supposed to be a tick up in the next couple years and more so as you get into ‘22, ‘23. Can you just give us some color around key milestones that we should be looking for on economic growth that that's going to reach that from down a little bit to up close to overall percent?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Happy to, Michael. First of all, the uptick that we continue to project -- and it’s a pretty slight uptick, the uptick that we're projecting in the 2022, 2023 timeframe is really driven by the amazing economic development projects that I talked about a little earlier in our remarks. We have not seen any slowdown in terms of the number of economic development projects, the amount of new construction, just the continuing economic growth or the pipeline of projects that are being announced here in Southeastern Wisconsin in particular. So, we still feel pretty confident about the uptick in the longer-term. The shorter-term meaning for 2020, is really driven by like for example, the large industrial segment. It's really driven by the interviews that our people have with our key account customers and feedback into our projections. It's also driven a bit by weather normalization. Remember, we had two warmer-than-normal summers back-to-back. So you look at weather normalization, you look at conservation, you look at real-time feedback from our major industrial customers and you put it all together and it's like it's in there, that's what comes out. So, in total, a very modest decline, I believe Scott one-half of 1% is what we're projecting on retail absent the mines.
Scott Lauber: Correct. So, a very modest decline. And once again, the projections that we have in the investor book are really the only projects that we know. It doesn't include the residential and secondary that we expect to come from it. It's just the known projects that have actually started turning curve already. So, it just takes a while to build a building and start using it. So, we expect those -- those are still on track to become. And like Gale said, our forecast is really out there talking to our customers and really fine-tuning it and the information we have, it’s the best information we have. 
Gale Klappa : And we are still projecting -- even with the modest 0.5% decline, we're still projecting 6% to 7% EPS growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta: So, maybe just I guess the O&M point has been already debated and answered. So, appreciate that. I think on the energy infrastructure side, the $1.8 billion that was planned, you said you accelerated it with this latest acquisition. Do you expect with the tax appetite being what it is further down the road, do you expect that size increase through the 2024 timeframe, or do you expect the 1.8% to still will be the cap?
Gale Klappa: At the moment, again, we will continue to look at this. But at the moment, I would view this as an acceleration and the $1.8 billion for the 5 years is still what we're looking at.
Praful Mehta: And then, when we think about the tax appetite and you said that you would be small tax payer, how should we think about that taxpaying capacity in the '22, '24 timeframe? Is that you’re still a small tax payer at that point or is that capacity increasing over time?
Gale Klappa: Well, when you still look and you work everything in, we would still be a small taxpayer getting into that, being in that frame of time if we execute on all these capital projects, largely because of some of the tax rules that are out there, you still have to be a minimal taxpayer for some of the reasons. But we need to execute on all these capital projects to get to that level.
Kevin Fletcher: Given the tax rules as Scott said, it’s highly unlikely that we will ever in a sustained period of time get to absolute zero. So when we say modest taxpayer, for example, I think Scott mentioned $15 million to $20 million this year. So I hope that puts things in context for you.
Praful Mehta: Yes, no, it does and I appreciate that. And then just finally, in terms of credit, and the holdco debt side, I think you started by saying you've got improving credit, and your holdco debt is now down to 28%. Is there any target we should be thinking about around the holdco debt level and also the FFO-to-debt kind of credit that we should be thinking more longer term?
Gale Klappa: We’ll let Scott answer that. We do have an internal an internal cap on where we want to go or where we don't want to go with holdco credit -- holdco debt. 
Scott Lauber : So we look at that holdco, that holdco debt, it's down to 28%. Our target is to keep it below 30%. Now, if there's an opportunity, one year it may pop up or down, but -- and we feel comfortable of those ranges in our forecast here. And the FFO-to-debt in that 16 to 18 range. Now, last year, we had 18.5 but remember we were at in a sharing opportunity at Wisconsin utilities, that money will go back eventually to customers. So, next year may be on the lower end of that range, but still within that 16 to 18 range. 
Gale Klappa: And that range as you know, well supports our current credit ratings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open. 
Andrew Weisel: Just want to elaborate on the contracted infrastructure projects. So as of now what percent of 2020 EPS will come from that segment? And let's assume the five year plan stays at 1.8, it seems like the bias might be to the upside, what percent of earnings would be coming from that segment in five years?
Gale Klappa: Well I can give you the number for this year. And obviously, well, we can do a little bit of public math here. But long story short, we got in 2019 about $0.02 a quarter of earnings from our infrastructure investments. Given the addition this year, a full year earnings for Coyote Ridge which went into service at the end of 2019, I would expect about $0.03 a quarter, Scott?
Scott Lauber: About $0.03 a quarter. And remember the other projects we announced here in December of next year. So some impact but not a lot. 
Andrew Weisel: And then bigger picture, how big are you willing to let that segment be? Obviously they're high quality contracted assets. But they're not the regulated rate base contracts. So do you have sort of a mental ceiling of how big that could be as far as earnings mix? 
Gale Klappa: Yes, we do. At the moment, I would say that our internal plan would hold that segment of our business down to about 10% of our earnings.
Andrew Weisel: Okay, very good. Then just one last one on that same topic. You said you've accelerated the spending, but you're not increasing it. What's the limiting factor of why you're not increasing it? Is it balance sheet opportunity for specific projects? Is it that 10% ceiling you just mentioned? How do you balance those? 
Gale Klappa: It's the happy marriage between the quality projects that we see in the pipeline that we are very interested in, and our tax appetite. If you put it all together and the $1.8 billion shakes out to something that we can -- we think we can both add quality projects to achieve and maximize our tax position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein: Just on the last round of questioning, is there a reason why you won't -- or you aren't considering tax equity for continued expansion, considering the tax upside? 
Gale Klappa: No, I mean certainly we would be open to something like that in the future if the economics worked out. Right now the economics favor exactly what we're doing. 
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And on ATC, has there been any impact on long-term planning from the FERC's action on ROE in MISO. 
Gale Klappa: Short answer is no. And I think that… 
Michael Weinstein: You don’t think that had an effect? 
Gale Klappa : Not yet because, as you know, it's now all up in the air again. So, these are -- as you know very well, transmission projects have a long gestation period. So, I wouldn't expect there to be some kind of a knee-jerk reaction in the first 30 or 60 days, particularly with all the appeals going on and the uncertainty of what the final result will be. 
Kevin Fletcher: Exactly Gale, and we're recording a 10.38, remember that long-term plan, we were assuming 10.2. So, 10.38 is a little north of that.
Michael Weinstein: And I may have missed this before, but where do you guys stand in terms of dividend payout ratio targets? And what's the future growth rate for dividends, is it just going to track along with EPS at this point? 
Kevin Fletcher: Our policy is to pay out in a range of 65% to 70% of earnings. So a dividend payout ratio that is 65% to 70% of earnings. As I mentioned earlier, we right smacked that in the middle of that range right now. So we would project that dividend growth would be in-line with the growth in earnings per share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with GS. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey, Gale, thank you for taking my question. Congrats on a great quarter. I actually have several, they're all gas related, and I'll just kind of rattle them off. First of all, your gas demand forecast of, I think, it's 0.7%. Can you remind me when the last time you did sub-1% gas demand growth in Wisconsin? That's the first question. The second question is, where do you stand on the permitting and regulatory approval for their gas LNG facility at Wisconsin that you talked about a couple of months ago or a while ago? And then finally, any incremental thoughts on the need for new gas fired generation, either as partly transformation we're just meet demand part? 
Kevin Fletcher: All right, we'll be happy to try to take those up one by one. I think weather-normal, we were at 1.8 on retail gas. So we had a 1.8% growth in retail gas consumption on a weather-normal basis in 2019. You could probably go back in terms of when were we last below 1%. Whatever year that gas -- natural gas prices got to double-digits, I think we did not grow meaningfully at all in terms of natural gas demand from the retail side of the business. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes, exactly. When you think about it, yes, we've had 3% to 4% growth last year it was 1.8%. But now what we're really forecasting is really the customer growth aspect, not assuming any more conservation, but also assuming that people don't turn their houses from 69 to 74. People are going to stay comfortable. And we've also seen a lot of conversions the last couple of years from industrial for their own environmental goals to go convert from coal and oil to natural gas, so you only convert only once. So basically our forecast now is based on customer growth.
Gale Klappa: And Michael on the LNG as far as the approval process, it's underway. And as I said in my prepared comments, we expect approval and we would begin construction in the summer of 2021 for operations in 2023.
Michael Lapides: And then on the gas intervention side and kind of thinking about the mix of gas versus coal fired generation?
Gale Klappa: Mix of gas versus coal fired?
Michael Lapides: In terms of thinking about new gas generation needs…
Gale Klappa: Well, as you know, we have an option with Alliant to buy into some point between now and say 2024 a portion of their new gas-fired combined cycle that's being built right now. That option is still on the table. We haven't made a final decision. Beyond that, we don't have any plans to propose any construction of new gas-fired generation. And of course, regardless of whether we add gas-fired generation or not, the percentage of gas-fired generation in our total mix will be going up and coal will be coming down as we've already retired about 40% of our existing coal-fired generating capacity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon:  I just wanted to go back to the comment on what your expectations are as they sort of bake into your earnings growth aspiration, the 5 to 7. You said that you're targeting the authorized ROE without and not assuming that you maximize your opportunity to get into the higher end of the range. Should we assume that the midpoint of your guidance represents earning the authorized return and sort of like the high-end represents the ability to achieve other factors like earning that extra 25 basis points? Or if I'm not thinking about it correctly, can you give us some guidance as how you're thinking about that opportunity and what it might mean for your earnings outlook?
Gale Klappa: Great question, Greg. Everyone in the room is nodding their head, you've got it. If we were modeling it, as we know you would be, we would assume fully authorized rate of return gets us to the midpoint of the guidance and then upside from there if we were to get into sharing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein: One last question I forgot to ask this. This is more of a strategic question. But around the country, you are seeing some cities ban improvements on natural gas distribution systems and pulling through full electrification of heating and everything else. And obviously the views from the Upper Midwest winter is little bit different than place like California. But do you have any view on where this all is going in terms of natural gas infrastructure, spending and you guys are -- you're kind of the experts of the turnaround business there.
Gale Klappa: Well, it's a very good question, and I think you are correct. In the less -- in the warmer climate and the more tempered climates, there's clearly a push by some of the more active environmentalists, not only move away from coal but now we have a beyond gas campaign that we're seeing. For us, I think Michael it comes back to pure practicality and the recognition that if it's 40 below in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, a heat pump is simply not going to keep your house warm, or even if it did, it would be so incredibly expensive that you simply couldn't deal with it. So for our Upper Midwest area and with the market share that we have for home and commercial heating with natural gas, I just don't see a major turn away from that for many, many years to come. I think the other piece of it is natural gas heating, natural gas furnaces continue to get even more efficient. And there are better ways, I think in terms of running the economy and continuing to reduce CO2 emissions. And if you look now at across the U.S. and in the upper Midwest, the number one contributor to CO2 emissions is no longer power generation, for example, it's transportation. I think the low hanging fruit here in terms of continuing to de-carbonize the economy, particularly in a region like the one we serve, is not moving away from natural gas home heating, it's actually electrification for vehicles. Kevin, I don't know if you have any view on that.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I think you summed it up very well. The other thing that I just will add is as technology continues to evolve on the gas side we'll continue to be in a part of that and looking at it. But I think you summarized our position and our philosophy very well.
Gale Klappa: Hope that responds to your question, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Great, thank you very much. Talk to you soon.
Operator: You next question comes from Vedula Murti with Avon Capital. Your line is open. 
Vedula Murti: I wanted to make sure I understood, because there's a line item and I just want to make sure you can explain it to me. Can you explain to me what kind of how the rabbi trust works kind of how its funded, it's duration and kind of how it replicate itself over supplies?
Gale Klappa: Sure. We'll be happy to take a stab at it. I'm going to let Scott do that. I will say this we have to make sure that all of you don't look at the rabbi trust in isolation. As in many ways, the rabbi trust is -- the earnings in the rabbi trust offset the cost of some of our benefit plans. And I think conceptually that's an important point to remember. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes, that's exactly right Gale. So the rabbi trust is really set up by Integrys and we inherited that investment vehicle. And that is related to some of the deferred compensation that individuals from Integrys have earned through the years. So what's a rabbi trust does is what we do is we try to match the best we can, the expense of deferred comp that's in the utilities with the investments in this rabbi trust. So if the rabbi trust goes up $1, usually the deferred comp expense goes up $1 or vice versa. So it's really trying to match that. We have those funds. They're tied up specifically for the deferred comp, so there's nothing else we can use for them. So we have to do it and we thought the best thing to do was try to mirror and match the hedging as much as possible. Like Gail said though, you can't look at it in isolation. Just for accounting purposes, it has to be on this line how it’s recorded.
Gale Klappa: And Vedula, so far and again we've inherited that in 2015 with the Integrys acquisition. So far our strategies, our matching strategy, if you will, has our matching strategy, if you will, is worked exceptionally well.
Vedula Murti: So as I think about this, is the variance here tied to stock market performance, performance of Wisconsin Equity, Wisconsin Energy, the equity specifically? Or what creates the variances, both up and down in this?
Gale Klappa: And again, we'll let Scott give you more detail. But long story short, we know what investment options are people who've got the deferred comp are in. In other words, we know what investment options they have selected. We can blend that with our investment options in the rabbi trust.
Scott Lauber: And a lot of the investment options are dealing with equities in the deferred comp, and that's what we're trying to match it the best we can. It's not perfect. But the best we can with equities in the rabbi trust. And so far the correlation has been pretty high…
Gale Klappa: 99% and really good…
Vedula Murti: And so this is a static thing going forward, there's no new participants or incremental?
Gale Klappa: No new participant…
Scott Lauber: It's static and it slowly goes down as participants withdraw from the old Integrys deferred comp. So it's slowly going down.
Vedula Murti: And I guess also I guess then the other thing, obviously, this is clearly part of strategies in terms of the income tax expense line in terms of the wind credits and everything like that. Clearly, if we take a look at Page 10, say major, that's a very important positive factor and year-over-year is very large increase. How should we be thinking about that in terms of within the earnings guidance range variance going forward there?
Gale Klappa: We can certainly give you the comparison of what we achieved in terms of the infrastructure segment earnings in 2019 versus our projection in 2020. As I mentioned earlier, the infrastructure segment gave us about $0.02 a share uptick in earnings each quarter during 2019. And with the addition of Coyote Ridge Wind Farm in South Dakota, which went commercial at the end of last year and will give us a full year this year, we would expect $0.03 a quarter from the infrastructure investments in wind.
Scott Lauber: Yes. And I think overall when you look at it, including the unprotected we're giving back in the credits to our customers, that effective tax rate is in that 16% to 17% range.
Gale Klappa: And to clarify, what's going to be an incremental penny a quarter in 2020 in terms of the earnings.
Vedula Murti: So given the fully diluted share count, it would appear then that that variance should be something similar not as dramatic year-over-year?
Gale Klappa: Yes, that's exactly right.
Operator: And your next question comes from Andrew Levi with Exoduspoint.
Andrew Levi: So just kind of following Michael Weinstein's question, and just on kind of natural gas, I guess -- and you kind of answered it already. But I would say just in the context of ESG and obviously, ESG is not to be favoring natural gas. So maybe just explain how you with that? And then separately, I agree with everything that you have said earlier about nat gas. Just kind of looking at kind of the last step and if you look at LDCs or companies that are very heavy natural gas, their stocks have not done as well of lately and the multiples have come down. And so I'm just wondering kind of where your head is at? And at the right price, would you add gas distribution customers to your mix beyond what you have already obviously in the large LDC in Illinois and the smaller ones in Wisconsin?
Gale Klappa: Well, good question, Andy. You know you never say never, but let me put it this way. At the right price, obviously, hitting the free that we've talked about for acquisitions, and we would always take a hard look. I would go because you recognized if you're making an acquisition of any kind of company, LDC or not, you are basically making a very long-term bet. Our assets, as you know, are very long-lived assets. So would, and I'm saying this just theoretically. If an LDC in the Northern North Dakota came up for sale at the right price, we probably would be a lot more interested in that than if it was in the San Diego.
Andrew Levi: And just as far as ESG and how you kind of think maybe, obviously, it's an evolving idea or investment basis. Do you think as far as natural gas, they've gone for an update but it may not be the right way to look at it and there are other things to focus on the ESG side?
Gale Klappa: Well, again a good question, Andy. My sense and we've done dozens of ESG business. Right now, and I think for the foreseeable future, the ESG focus infrastructure companies like ours, seems to be heavily, heavily focused on CO2 emissions and what your plan is to basically decarbonize the generation fleet. That swamps any other kind of discussion that we have had with any ESG-oriented investor. And again, we have hundreds of these discussions over the course of the last couple years. In fact, everyone now, whether you are ESG focused or not, everyone is beginning to ask ESG questions. But I would say that in 99 out of 100 meetings, the real focus is really on CO2 emissions and there we've got a great story to tell. The other thing that I would point out, we're one of the first utilities in the country to set a methane reduction goal. And I think you are going to be seeing, because the climate scientists, as you know, really believe that methane emissions are far, far more potent perhaps 25 times more potent than CO2 as a greenhouse gas, I think you are going to be seeing some increasing focus on methane emissions and they are the kind of upgrade work we're doing to modernize the natural gas distribution network, particularly in Chicago is really important. So those are the kinds of -- that's the flavor of what we're hearing in our ESG business today, Andy.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson: So let me ask you something here, just to follow up on Vedula's question. The rabbi trust, if I understand your answers, basically is offset by deferred comp expense to do really isn't any net income benefit of any significance you see driving earnings going forward or in terms of results for 2019. Am I understanding it correctly?
Gale Klappa: Correct. 2019 may have been an anomaly because we have so much O&M coming out of the utility that we're into the sharing. But for the most part, there's no benefit from that at all. But it would have been a small amount, and nothing Paul that we're planning on in terms of benefit for 2020.
Paul Patterson: And then in terms of Foxconn, there's some local articles about the Foxconn administration, looking at renegotiating the tax benefits, because of I guess the way the Foxconn thing has been sort of rolling out. And I'm just wondering if you had anything to share on that, or what does that mean in terms of the outlook for the Foxconn economic development contributions that you guys have been expecting past this?
Gale Klappa: And let me let me just reiterate first what I mentioned in our prepared remarks. In that over the past two years, Foxconn has invested already over $500 million in Wisconsin. I can tell you, again, I've said before focus on what's going on the campus rather than the media reports. But I can tell you, I was actually with the governor yesterday. He and I appeared together at an economic development conference here in Milwaukee. And he went out of his way to say that he believes his responsibility is to help make Foxconn successful in Wisconsin. So again, that's as of 9:30 yesterday morning and a very definitive comment from the governor himself.
Paul Patterson: And then finally the wind transaction with Google as the off-take, that's for the life of the project. Is that correct?
Gale Klappa: So that would be a 12 year off-take agreement.
Paul Patterson: That's 12 years, okay. And then just speaking, given the credit quality of Google and stuff, just to make sure I understand this, that's a better rate of return that you're getting. You guys perceived -- you guys expect to get a better return associated with that project than what you're getting in a regulated business. Do I understand you guys right in that?
Gale Klappa: You understand this absolutely correctly. And the experience that we've had so far with the other infrastructure investments that are operational experienced in 2019 is proving that out.
Paul Patterson: Okay, awesome. Thanks so much. 
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Thanks for the call. All right. Well, folks, that concludes our long conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, we're always available. Please contact Beth Straka at 414-221-4639. Take care everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference calls. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2019 Results. Today's call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions]. Before the conference call begins, I'll remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made.  In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our third quarter 2019 results. First, as always, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, President and CEO; Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Bill Guc, Controller; Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I'm also pleased to introduce Tony Reese, our new Treasurer. Tony joined our finance group back in 2006 and most recently, he served as the Controller for our Illinois utilities. Welcome, Tony.
Anthony Reese: Thanks, Gale.
Gale Klappa: Now as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported third quarter of $0.74 a share. During the quarter, we continued our focus on financial discipline and operating efficiency. That focus, which is embedded deeply in our culture, helped us to deliver solid results despite severe July storms that caused extensive damage to our system. Rebuild, repair and recovery from 9 tornadoes and 120-mile an hour straight-line winds resulted in a drag of the $0.03 a share for the quarter. Also during the summer quarter, temperatures were slightly above normal but milder than the third quarter last year.  So when you shake it up and put it altogether, we're pleased with the consistency of the company's financial and operating performance. Scott will provide you with more details on the quarter in just a few minutes. But first, let's take a quick look at the economic conditions here in Wisconsin. Unemployment remains at or near record lows of the state, and we continue to see positive news on the economic development front as well. For example, Foxconn announced plans to begin construction on its high-performance computing center later this year as it builds out Phase 1 of its advanced manufacturing campus south of Milwaukee where it also continues on Foxconn's Gen 6 fabrication plant. Crews began installing the roof on the nearly 1 million square foot facility last month. As you may know this will be the first LCD display plant to be built in North America. Then we saw another positive announcement just a few days ago. Molson Coors, the beverage company, confirmed it will base its major support functions, including finance, IT, legal and human resources here in Milwaukee. You can hear more about the economic growth in our region when you join us at the EEI conference next week. And more growth is on the horizon for our company as well. In the earnings packet we released this morning, you will find a snapshot of our capital plan for the 5-year period 2020 through 2024. We expect to invest $15 billion in infrastructure projects during the next 5 years. This represents an increase of $900 million or 6.3% over our current 5-year plan. Now folks, we've identified 3 key areas for increased investment. First, we plan to expand our regulated natural gas infrastructure to meet growing customer demand. In particular, Wisconsin needs more natural gas peaking capacity at the highest demand times on the coldest days. This became especially clear during the polar vortex event back in January when the windshields dropped to near 50 degrees below 0. To address the demand, we plan to develop 2 liquefied natural gas facilities in our service area. In fact just last week, our We Energies subsidiary filed an application to the Wisconsin Public Service Commission for approval to build the LNG facilities. We believe these projects are the most cost-effective way to serve our customers natural gas needs during the winter peak. Building LNG plants will differ costly and lengthy projects to expand pipeline capacity into the state. We're also increasing our 5-year spending target for our electric distribution network across Wisconsin. As you know, we consistently been named the most reliable utility in the Midwest. But to maintain the high levels of service that our customers deserve and expect, we need to replace aging poles, aging transformers and modernize hundreds of miles of overhead and underground lines.  And finally, we plan to deploy additional capital in our energy infrastructure business outside of our traditional footprint. We see excellent opportunities to leverage our tax position and continue to optimize our earnings growth. We expect this segment of our business to grow to approximately 6% of our total asset base by the end of the 5-year period.  Overall, our new capital plan should grow our asset base by 7% annually over the 5-year period, and I would emphasize this with no need to issue additional equity. And the investment plan continues to support our long-term earnings growth rate of 5% to 7%. This projection comes off a new base of $3.50 a share, and that's the midpoint of our original 2019 guidance.  We look forward to sharing more details with you at the upcoming EEI conference. And now I'll turn it over to Kevin for an update on our regulatory calendar and more details on our operations. Kevin, all yours.
Joseph Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start by reviewing where we stand in Wisconsin. First, an update on the rate review process. If you recall, in March of this year, we filed a proposal to the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to set customer rates that we introduced on Wisconsin Public Service. This August, we entered into settlement agreements with the Citizens Utility Board of Wisconsin, Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and Clean Wisconsin. Hearings concluded in October, and I'm pleased to say that we received a unanimous decision from the commission approving the settlement agreements just last week. Rate design will be determined by the commission in mid-November, and we expect the written order in December with new rates effective January 1. Now turning to our solar projects. You may recall that in Wisconsin, we have a total of 300 megawatts of utility-scale solar capacity plant. We've broken ground on 2 solar projects for Wisconsin Public Service, Two Creeks and Badger Hollow I. As a reminder, these projects will be the first utility scale solar facilities in Wisconsin. Our share will total 200 megawatts with an investment of approximately $260 million. We expect both projects to begin producing energy by the end of next year. We also have plans for more renewable generation at We Energies. This past August, we filed with the Public Service Commission for approval to acquire 100 megawatts of capacity at the Badger Hollow II solar park. The projected investment would be $130 million, and we expect to receive the commission's decision in spring of 2020. Meanwhile, on the natural gas side of our business, we're taking steps to maintain reliable and affordable service for our customers. As Gale mentioned, We Energies just filed an application to construct 2 liquefied natural gas facilities here in Wisconsin. We expect to invest approximately $370 million in these projects. We are now evaluating site plans and, subject to approval, we would begin construction in the summer of 2021. Turning to Illinois. Our People's Gas subsidiary continues to modernize Chicago's natural gas system. This program is critical to the long-term safety and reliability in America's third-largest city. As we replace the cities aging iron pipes and facilities, we are following rigorous protocols to keep our employees and the public safe. The program will be approximately 28% complete by year-end and has created more than 2,000 jobs so far.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Kevin, thank you. Now folks, considering our strong performance so far this year, we're tightening our 2019 full year guidance to a range of $3.51 a share to $3.53 a share with an expectation of hitting the top of the range. This translates to a growth rate between 7% and 7.6% of the midpoint of our original 2018 guidance.  And now for a quick reminder about our dividend. As usual, our board will assess our dividend plans for next year in our scheduled meeting in early December. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're in the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share.  And now, with details on the third quarter results and our outlook for the future, here's our CFO, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Our third quarter earnings of $0.74 per share were level with last year's results. We benefited from additional capital investment, reduction tax credits and a continued emphasis on cost control. However, as Gale mentioned, July's severe weather significantly impacted portions of our electric system. We estimate that the storm restoration expenses resulted in a $0.03 hit in the quarter. In addition, comparatively mild temperatures accounted for a $0.02 drag in the quarter, and we did not book any sharing in our Wisconsin companies in 2019. We posted the earnings packet to our website this morning, and it includes a comparison of third quarter and year-to-date results. I plan to focus on the quarter beginning with operating income and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to Page 9 of the earnings packet. We reported $310.9 million in consolidated operating income for the quarter. This compares to $302.7 million in 2018, reflecting an increase of $8.2 million. Adjusting for the impact of tax repairs and our adoption of the new lease accounting rules, operating income was flat quarter-over-quarter.  Recall that as part of our previous rate settlement in Wisconsin, we agreed to apply the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory asset. That plan continues through year-end, and our expectation remains that the transmission escrow balance at We Energies will be reduced to 0 by the end of this year. My update will focus on changes in operating income by segment, excluding the impact of tax repairs and the new lease accounting rules. Starting with the Wisconsin segment. Operating income decreased $5.6 million net of these adjustments. Lower sales volume due in part to less favorable weather resulted in a $22.4 million decrease in operating income. Depreciation expense increased by $9.7 million. These items were substantially offset by a $23.5 million reduction in operating and maintenance expense. This was largely driven by a couple of items. Recall that the July storm resulted in a $12 million drag on the quarter. However, we have recognized about a $20 million cost reduction driven in part by our recent plant closings. In addition, last year, we accrued $15 million in the third quarter of earnings sharing mechanism we have in place at our Wisconsin utilities. No sharing was recorded this quarter. In Illinois, operating income increased by $9.3 million as a result of our continued investment in the safety and reliability of the People's Gas System. Operating income at our Other States segment increased $3.2 million driven by higher volumes related to customer growth in capital investment in gas utility infrastructure. Turning now to our energy infrastructure segment. Operating income at this segment was down $1.3 million. As expected, the Bishop Hill and Upstream Wind farm did not have a material impact on operating income. However, recall that a portion of earnings from these facilities come in the form of production tax credits, which are recognized as an offset to income tax expense. These production tax credits added approximately $0.02 per share to our earnings for the quarter. The operating loss at our Corporate and Other segment increased by $5.6 million. The variance reflects a $5.3 million gain that we recorded in the third quarter of 2018 related to the sale of a legacy business. Combining these variances and excluding the impact of tax repairs and the new lease rules, consolidated operating income was unchanged. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $38.7 million, an increase of $5 million as compared to the third quarter of 2018. The increase was driven by a ATC's continued capital investment.  Other income net decreased by $4.3 million as a result of lower investment gains associated with our benefit plans. Note that these investment gains partially offset the benefit expenses included in our operating segments. Our net interest expense increased by $13 million, primarily due to higher long-term that balances to fund capital investment. This excludes the impact of the new lease accounting guidance. Our consolidated income tax expense, net of tax repairs, decreased by $13.1 million. Drivers include production tax credits related to our infrastructure wind investments and the 2018 tax reform item. We expect our effective income tax rate to be between 10.5% and 11.5% this year. Excluding the benefits of tax repairs, we expect our 2019 effective tax rate would be between 20% and 21%. At this time, we expect to be a partial taxpayer in 2020. Our projection show that we should be able to continue to efficiently utilize our tax position with our updated capital plan. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings packet. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased to $167.5 million. The decrease was largely driven by higher working capital balances. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $1.8 billion for the first 9 months of 2019, a $68.6 million increase from the same period in 2018. This reflects our continued investment focus on our regulated utility and energy infrastructure businesses. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 53.8% at the end of the third quarter compared to 53.4% at the end of 2018. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 subordinated notes as common equity. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We paid $558.4 million in common dividends during the first 9 months of 2019, an increase of $35.4 million over the same period in 2018. This reflects the 6.8% increase in the dividend level that was effective in the first quarter of this year. Turning now to sales. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of the third quarter 2019, our utilities were serving approximately 10,000 more electric and 21,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on Page 13 and 14 of the earnings packet. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine, were down 3.2% compared to the first 9 months of 2018. And on a weather-normal basis, deliveries were down 1.8%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 2.7% versus the first 9 months of 2018. Natural gas and deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 1.3% on a weather-normalized basis. And this excludes use for power generation. Finally, a quick reminder on earnings guidance. As Gale mentioned, we are tightening our full year earnings guidance to $3.51 to $3.53 per share with an expectation of reaching the top of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year.  And with that, I turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Thanks, Scott. Thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for some jive talking, better known as the question-and-answer portion of our call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Gregory Gordon: I have two actual real questions now. The first is, your weather normal sales growth is down. It's not a terrible number, but it is couple hundred basis points off of what you're assuming your longer term, economic normal economic growth forecast is going to be. Can you chuck that up to the near-term uncertainty with regard to the trade issues or other factors that are also weighing on sales?
Gale Klappa: Good question, Greg. I think the biggest factor is clearly is the decline that we saw in the industrial energy consumption. I may have mentioned that to you on our previous call that about 20% to 25% of all the industrial production that takes place among the various industries across Wisconsin is designed for export. So if you look at economic conditions in Europe, the trade tensions with China, I think you see those as the reasons why we're down in terms of industrial sales. Having looked, though, Scott and Kevin and I just looked at the latest data thinking that you might ask this question actually, and while we're down in the last quarter or the last few weeks, we're roughly 4.5% to 5% compared to a year ago. The various industries seemed to have stabilized at that level. So we're not seeing any further deterioration as we enter Q4, but I really think what's going on is an industrial pause associated with the trade war tensions and with the soft economy in Europe. I would remind everybody, though, that our margins from industrial energy use particularly those customers that are on the real time pricing, our margins are very slim. So a slight downturn or even a 4.5% or 5% downturn in industrial demand does not translate into a major earnings hit at this stage of the game.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. Thanks. My second question is on the capital plan, up from $14.1 billion to $15 billion, and the energy infrastructure component is also up. But it's up a little bit more on a percentage basis than the overall increase. I think your infrastructure spend as a percentage of the $14 billion was around 10%. Your infrastructure spend as a portion of the $15 billion is closer to 12%. Not a big increase but where are you seeing those opportunities? And do you still think that the risk profile at that level of capital spending is commensurate with what you're doing in the core utilities?
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, Greg, I thought we're going to let Shar ask all the multiple questions.
Gregory Gordon: Got me. You got me.
Gale Klappa: Shar will be back here in a moment, I'm sure. Yes, we saw -- you're seeing in the new 5-year plan a slight uptick in the percentage of capital spend going to our energy infrastructure business outside of our footprint. Two reasons driving that. One, again, we're looking and seeing a significant number of really good projects that fit our risk profile. And when I say fit our risk profile, meaning high-quality projects with high-quality, long-term offtake agreements with creditworthy customers, number one. And number two, this level, as we continue to refine our projections, this level of spending not only meets the kind of opportunities we think we have, but don't change our risk profile, but also maximizes our tax position. So we think that this is a really good deployment of our capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just real quick on -- two quick questions here. First, on the utility side. We did see one of your Wisconsin peers propose a 1-gigawatt solar proposal by '23. I'm kind of curious, like you guys are doing Badger Hollow, you're doing Two Creeks. How do we sort of think about sort of incremental opportunities here especially since your generation CapEx looks like it modestly decreased in your new plan, and the governor's obviously can't afford this. So I'm kind of curious on how you're thinking about that.
Gale Klappa: I'll give you my take on it. We'll also ask Kevin to give you his view on this well. First of all, as you know, our generation planning really tracks what we think our capacity needs really are. So at the moment, we've got 200 megawatts of solar already approved. Then for our We Energies subsidiary, we just went in for another 100-megawatt approval, what we call Badger Hollow II, which should be immediately adjacent obviously to Badger Hollow I. So absent retirements of additional other generating capacity, that type of solar investment fits our capacity need, which is really, Kevin, a peaking right now. Now having said that, the governor has formed a task force related to trying to figure out what is the most cost-effective way to get to net zero-carbon generation by 2050. I'm pleased that the governor has asked our company to be a member of the task force. And we'll see where we'll go in terms of if there's any acceleration coming out of the task force. Kevin, any other thoughts?
Joseph Fletcher: Gale, I'll just add, as you mentioned the governor has announced his plan and I've had an opportunity, and some of our folks, to talk about his plan. And I'll tell you he's comfortable with where we are and what we've laid out. As you said, we've retired, well, since 2014 about 40-plus percent of coal-fired plants. As you mentioned, the solar capacity meets our peaking needs for now. But we're starting to take a look at what our peers are doing as time moves on. But I feel good about where we're at and what we've announced so far.
Gale Klappa: Amen.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good. That's perfect. And then just on your remaining coal assets. Obviously the PFC that we've sounded pretty cautious around kind of approving the partial securitization at Pleasant Prairie. Any sort of thoughts or guidance on how we should think about the balance of your fleet as we look at sort of the generation transition, i.e., was sort of the securitization a one-off? Or was it to be assumed that could be a template as we move forward?
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, Shar, I guess, we read the reaction of the commission and the discussion of the commissioners. The securitization of $100 million of our remaining book balance at Pleasant Prairie, we read that all differently than what you may have read it. In fact my sense is, from their conversation and from the feedback we've gotten from staff that they thought this is a very positive solution that worked in this instance. I think that the -- perhaps the one note of caution that you might have picked up on is that I think everyone of the commissioners said publicly that these works, and this was a good solution for this particular situation, the retirement of that particular plant. But they were open to whether or not this is a template, and they weren't saying by being positive about this approach this time that it was necessarily a template. But I think, overall, in the settlement and the process I think was very well received by all of our stakeholders. In terms of going forward, we don't have any plan to retire any additional capacity in the next 12 months or during 2020. But obviously, we continue to look at our portfolio, look at the demand, look at economics, and see where we're at. But right now, for the next 1.5 years or so, we're going to be focused on getting that solar capacity in and operating well.
Joseph Fletcher: And I would just add to, that as we look at the decisions, moving forward on what the right generation mix is for us, as you mentioned in your comments, we don't have to look far back. In January, we had our polar vortex. We had extremely cold weather. And the balance of having a mix portfolio of generation, including the coal assets, was something that we needed to keep people's lives on and keep the gas flowing. So in addition to the economics and from a technological standpoint making the decisions, we'll balance that into our decision-making also as we move forward.
Gale Klappa: Yes, Kevin. And Shar, that's a great point. And truth of the matter is, if we haven't had the full array of capacity, solar, wind, natural gas, coal and nuclear, if we haven't had that full complement of capacity back at the end of January, it would have been a life-and-death situation. So there's nothing to fool around with. But obviously, we'll continue to refine our plans. We'll continue to look at what makes the most economic sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Two quick points, if I can. Your peers regionally in the MISO footprint have generally been revising upwards there, sort of, 5-year CapEx outlooks. Can you comment if there's anything specific in the ATC context? Obviously, the MVP stuff rolling off still, so there could be some discrete items there. How do you think about that rolling into the longer term? And then separately, if I get the second part in here now, on the infrastructure bucket, I think I heard that you largely are not a cash taxpayer through the forecast period. And I presume that's tied to the infrastructure spend. How do you think about your ability to continue scaling infrastructure through the forecast period, given what I presume to be, largely tax producing assets that you're going to be investing in? Or tax [indiscernible] assets.
Gale Klappa: All right. Great. Great questions, Julien. If you don't mind, I'll tackle your second question first, on the tax position. What we wanted to say and should clarify for you is that today, if we don't have any more infrastructure investment coming, then we would be a partial cash taxpayer in 2020. However, with the infrastructure plan that we've laid out in our new 5-year capital budget, we expect that will optimize our tax position and allow us to efficiently add additional tax credit related capacity in that infrastructure segment and maximize our tax position. Scott, am I...
Scott Lauber: No. That's exactly correct. We will be a cash taxpayer in the future. And the 1.8 just helps us that we're going to utilize that efficiently and we can make those purchases.
Gale Klappa: In essence, this -- what we have put in the capital budget for the next 5 years essentially effectively takes advantage of our cash tax position and allows us to take full advantage of the production tax credits that would be available to us with the additional investments. I hope that clarifies that for you, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Indeed. And the former?
Gale Klappa: Yes. How about tell me again? I was so focused on your tax question that how about roll out that first question by us again?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So with respect to your peers on MISO, on transmission, is there anything we should know about ATC? Your friends at some of the adjacent utilities have seen positive revisions, and meaningful positive revisions at that. Anything we'd be aware of?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question. Let me put it this way. Scott and Kevin and I don't like a lot of white space in our capital plan. And so in essence, we have pulled out of our capital plan any potential ATC investments outside of our footprint. So what you see and what you'll see in more detail at EEI and our 5-year capital plan, is really solid stuff that we know is going to have to be built by ATC in our footprint. But we deliberately pulled out anything outside of the footprint, because essentially, right now that would be white space. And we just don't like a lot of white space. We like to be able to show you exactly what we're going to do.
Joseph Fletcher: And I think the potential exists as more and more renewable get into the system, that there may be more transmission projects that do come in the future. But we took out all the white space.
Gale Klappa: That's what I was going to discuss just a little bit. But look, I'd have to study this from our peers, my suspicion is that a lot of that additional capital is for Wisconsin, for additional opportunities on the renewable side. If there is something there, it will be upside for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Just continuing on the tax question. Are you guys -- do you have any insight at all as to whether you think the PTCs might be extended beyond the current program? And then separately from that, if the PTCs or as things start to wind down, do you think that on the infrastructure bucket you might start focusing more on solar projects rather than wind at some point in the future?
Gale Klappa: Mike, two things. First of all, and you probably picked this up. There had been some rumblings on one or two of the house committees in Washington about the potential extension of some of the tax credits associated with renewables. If that were to happen, our understanding is that it would occur in the tax extenders bill that will be likely to be voted on like at 11:59 on New Year's Eve. So if that happens, great. But we are not counting on that. With the plan we've laid out and the additional investment we've put into the 5-year plan in our infrastructure business, we're assuming that the production tax credits roll down as they would roll down from the current law. So that's kind of the answer to the first part of your question. I think the second part, if they roll down at the current law stays in place and the production tax credits become less valuable, will that push us more to solar? Probably not. Although we continue to look at solar projects as well as wind, as well as other natural gas infrastructure that would fit our risk profiles. But everything we have seen so far would indicate that the better projects for us still stay with wind, even with a potential reduction in the value of the tax credits.
Michael Weinstein: So, I mean, if there is an extension to 11:59 on New Year's Eve, should I be expecting an update to the capital forecast toward the infrastructure bucket?
Gale Klappa: No. Not necessarily. This is what we think -- we think what we've got in that plan is our sweet spot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quickly. Does the change in the capital spend forecast change your expected kind of 5-year CAGR for rate-based growth? Or is law of big numbers kicking in because your rate base growth has grown so much that expectation takes this higher capital level at utility to maintain the same rate base growth percentage level?
Gale Klappa: Well, what I can tell you, Michael, and thank you for the question, is that if you look at the whole Wheel of Fortune, as we call it, in terms of the breakdown of our capital spending, our asset base across our company, given this 5-year plan, will grow at 7% a year.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And do you anticipate having to use holding company debt at all to fund the growth at the utility, so will the utilities be self-financing? I know holding company financing will be used to finance the wind projects outside of the utility. I'm just trying to think about financing the utilities themselves.
Gale Klappa: Occasionally, we do use commercial paper to fund utility infrastructure growth. But by and large, given the equity in that situation, by and large, that will be a timing thing. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Right. And for the most part, our utilities are doing dividend up to the parent to support the overall dividend of the corporation. And remember, that We Power also is a positive cash flow item that goes up to the parent.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then just last item, I noticed the spend on generation is down relative to the prior year forecast. Not a lot, just under $200 million. Just curious what's the driver of that? And where are you in the process about thinking about whether there could be incremental coal plant retirements and therefore a need for other forms of generation, incremental and developed, a couple hundred megawatts of solar you have coming?
Gale Klappa: Well, when you look at the new 5-year plan compared to the 5-year plan that we rolled out at this time a year ago, probably the biggest difference in the generation piece is that we completed, actually what we call the rise units in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. That was a fairly sizable capital expenditure. Those units are in service. They are working great. They are providing very cost-effective energy to the Upper Peninsula including the iron ore mine, which by the way, the iron ore mine demand for electricity is up considerably this year. But I think the big difference you see is that we essentially put into service a large capital project. What is really kind of replacing that, as you mentioned, is the solar capacity that we're now gotten an approval for, and the additional solar capacity that we're hoping to receive approval for in the spring of 2020. And then to answer your question about additional coal retirements. Our focus in the next 12 months -- next 15 months or so is going to be on getting those solar capacity in service and operating well. We don't have any immediate plans to retire any additional coal units in the next 12 to 15 months.  However, having said that, we will continue to collaborate and have good interactive discussions with our major customers, with the commission staff, as we continue to refine our generation plan going forward. And obviously MISO is a big factor in whether or not any units can be retired as well. So you never say never, but certainly our plan for the next 12 to 15 months is to focus on getting the capacity in, the solar capacity in an operating well and to continue to look at the economics in the future of our system.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: So maybe on the industrial growth point that you talked about earlier. If there is more trade uncertainty and industrial growth continues to be weak, do you see at some point going into 2020 that's starting to impact other factors? I know you mentioned the margins are thin, but obviously that supports helping spread the costs out on a larger base. How do you see that industrial growth weakness if it rolls into 2020?
Gale Klappa: Well, and I think, there's a good possibility it will go into 2020. However, we have anticipated this. We have looked at this. It was part of our thinking in the rate case. So I don't see any change in our outlook even given continued weakness of the kind we have seen in the industrial sector. Scott?
Scott Lauber: I agree completely. And we've been monitoring our industrial sales weekly in fact, and we've been factoring this into, like Gale said, our rate case settlement and what we are looking at for the future years.
Praful Mehta: Got you. So what kind of growth would you assume for 2020, I guess, on the industrial side just to be more specific then?
Gale Klappa: Well, we're right in the middle now of our updated assessment with our major industrial customers. We have a process that we've had in place for years where we actually interview our large industrial customers on their outlook for 2020, and then we update our plan. So nothing we're seeing right now would change the answer we've given you. But you'll see in either December or January, you'll see our updated forecast. I would remind you, though, that we're still seeing very significant economic development opportunities that are coming into service not next year. But as Kevin pointed out, I mean we've got Foxconn ramping up 2021, 2022. We've got HARIBO coming in. We've got Komatsu coming in. So I don't expect that you're going to see any change in our longer-term growth forecast. Kevin?
Joseph Fletcher: I would add to that, Gale. If you look at, for example you mentioned Foxconn just from an economic development perspective, when you see businesses like that come to a region, and we've mentioned that at EEI we'll refresh it coming up here next week, there's a lot of industries that are there to support Foxconn but just peripheral industries and not buying customers that are being added as well. That happens when you have these areas that become very popular in the growth. And that's what we're seeing in that particular area of our state at this particular time. More to come when talk a little bit at EEI.
Gale Klappa: So to summarize, Praful, I wouldn't get overly concerned about this bit of downturn that we're seeing in industrial. It's not something that we have not -- it is something that we had anticipated and planned for.
Praful Mehta: Got you. Super helpful color. And then maybe just quickly on the equity side. You mentioned that you're going to become a cash taxpayer but you have all these investments in the renewable side that probably help you offset most of the cash taxes. Just wanted to understand, you also mentioned no equity need. Is there a push up in the credit metrics? As in, do the metrics get a little weaker over time? Or do you still have the ability to maintain the metrics but still don't need equity over this time period?
Gale Klappa: We will maintain our metrics, and we do not need additional equity. So that's one of those, read my lips, no new equity. And the metrics stay in very good shape.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vedula Murti with Avon Capital.
Vedula Murti: A few things. When I was looking at the adjusted retail sales, your normalized or whatever. It seems like it's pretty seems fairly weak across the board in terms of residential/small commercial. If ever, I'm just wondering if you can maybe speak to kind of what you're seeing and whether, as we go forward, whether that's going to be something we continue to see? Or whether that -- just normalized whether there's any factors that are kind of distorting that?
Gale Klappa: Vedula, you'll probably say, "I've heard this before from you," and you have. Our weather normalization techniques in this industry are not great. And in fact, Scott and I were just talking about this as we saw the numbers come in. Everybody does their best at weather normalization. But frankly, the error margin or the margin of error in the weather normalization is pretty significant. So I think both Scott and I believe that the residential and commercial piece that looked a little bit weak is probably just because we didn't get the weather normalization right last year. The industrial, I talked about, you probably heard me say, it's down. I think we're in a pause. But we've taken this into account as we look forward, and we don't see any significant deterioration from that drop in our low-margin customers in terms of usage. Scott?
Scott Lauber: No. You're exactly right, Gale. And the fact that pulled up last year's investors or the deck, and the residential customers actually normalized last year were about 2%, and we talked about that being a little high. Now we're showing 0.2 year-to-date. So we get -- average them together, it's right in that 1%. So I'm not really concerned. I really do agree there's most likely related more to last year than this year, but more of a trending -- it's not a trending issue.
Joseph Fletcher: And there's going to be a lot of air conditioning next year, next summer, when somebody comes to town, given.
Scott Lauber: That's right.
Joseph Fletcher: If you look at next year, we're going to be hosting, as I am sure all of you know, the DNC. And as Gale mentioned, anything around downtown Milwaukee area would be residential, industrial commercial. All electricity will be flowing. All air conditions will be on. And it will be a great time for us. So we're looking forward to that.
Vedula Murti: When I think -- one of the things that always was a hallmark that you guys have been able to do was talk about your competitive advantage in terms of rates. But in all residential commercial, industrial classes within the region and given the overall period of time and the investment, can you refresh us as to how you are viewing that? And because -- if I'm not mistaken, it seems like it's now -- that advantage has been compressed.
Gale Klappa: I suspect during -- certainly, during the period when we were putting all of our Power the Future investment into place, investments that were badly needed, that advantage was somewhat compressed. But we've just come off of a 4-year freeze in rates. In fact, our base rates for our customers were lower in 2019 than they were in 2015. And then you look around the neighborhood and you see double-digit rate increases by many of the utilities in Michigan. I'm sure you saw Exelon in Minnesota and Northern States Power Minnesota just asked for a 15% rate increase over 3 years. We feel very good about our competitive position. And by the way, in our rate settlement, as you know, for our largest subsidiary, We Energies, customer rates are only going up 1.3%.
Vedula Murti: I appreciate that. And one last thing. Given what you did with Pleasant Prairie in terms of your voluntary securitization on some of the investment, what -- how should -- can you give us a little thought as to -- I expect it's not simply a one-off. But this is an idea of how to use a tool going forward over the next few years. And can you give us some thoughts as to how, at least as of today, how we should be thinking about and how you're thinking about using that tool going forward?
Gale Klappa: Well, let me start by saying there is a law in the State of Wisconsin, which allows companies like ours to request securitization for environmental -- the cost of environmental projects. So that's the law in the State of Wisconsin. It is a voluntary law. In other words, it can't be ordered. But it's a voluntary law. We actually supported the development and the vote on that law, oh my goodness, back about 15 years ago. So we thought it was a good tool for this instance. I think the commissioners in their public setting in their public discussion of our rate to review a couple of weeks ago agreed that for this particular case, this worked exceptionally well and benefited all of our constituents. But they also said, don't count on these being the full template going forward. And we certainly understand that. So I think there'll be a lot of discussions among all of the stakeholders and the commission staff going forward including, I suspect, the governor's office, because as you know he would like to get to a net zero-carbon by 2050. And that's going to require additional technology and retirements of existing units. So I think the short answer is, time will tell, but we have one good tool and equipment right now, and we'll see where we go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So let me ask you this. Just to follow up on Vedula's question on the sales growth forecast. Last I recall, you guys were looking at electric, I think, 0 to 0.5% through 2021, and then 1.2% to 1.5% in 2022 will be on?
Gale Klappa: Yes.
Paul Patterson: So is that still the case? And does that include industrial?
Gale Klappa: Yes [indiscernible].
Paul Patterson: But what would it be without industrial, I guess. Without industrial, what would it be, I guess? And why does it go up again in 2022 and beyond?
Gale Klappa: Well it goes up in 2022 and beyond because we have this, as I've mentioned, this very large pipeline of economic development projects that will be coming into operation, from Foxconn to HARIBO to Komatsu to Amazon to Milwaukee Tool. There's a very significant number. Yes, a very significant number of projects that are either in the groundbreaking stage right now or under construction, where they will be significant additional electric demand coming out in 2022, 2023 and 2024. So we'll obviously put together, as we finish up the year, our revised sales forecast. But as Scott mentioned, the downturn that we've seen, this pause that we've seen in industrial demand, we anticipated this. It was part of the discussions in the rate settlement. So I don't see this causing any kind of major change in our longer term forecast. Scott?
Scott Lauber: No, I agree. And specifically, the longer-term forecast, we are still seeing the good construction projects are continuing here at Foxconn, Amazon, all the stuff that Gale and Kevin just mentioned. So that's positive. Unemployment is still at near record lows here in Wisconsin, so that's been positive. And on the gas side, we continue to see great customer growth. So I'm not really that concerned in our forecast. And remember, what we put into forecast are only announced projects. We really didn't put in that secondary effect of other smaller customers coming in on the secondary or the residential load. So we only put what we actually knew was out there and coming, and we're monitoring those literally on a monthly basis here. So I feel very comfortable with that forecast.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So when we look at that forecast, we should be thinking about the increase being essentially sort of economic development large customers, which I would assume, again, to your comments earlier, sort of low margin customers, correct? Or because you're not really counting in sort of higher-margin ancillary effect. Is that correct?
Gale Klappa: That is correct. That's exactly right. And I would just a remind you, because of kind of nailed it, but I would remind everyone, that the low-margin industrial customers, particularly those on real time pricing, really do not drive our earnings growth.
Paul Patterson: I got you. Now just on Foxconn. There's been a lot of local press that they really are coming through with what was originally expected in terms of the original announcement, et cetera. There's been some, last month or so, a lot of press about that. I was just wondering if you could comment, since you made comments about Foxconn before, about how you're -- what you're seeing, I guess, on the ground or your expectations with respect to that.
Gale Klappa: I'm glad you asked the question. My overall advice for what it's worth is, ignore the noise and look at what's actually going on in the ground. So what's actually going on in the ground is that they are following through in great detail on the revised plan that they announced in January. So remember, the plan was to have 3 phases of development, which eventually over a 10-year period would add 13,000 well-paying jobs. They have not backed away from the 13,000 over the longer period of time. They have redesigned Phase 1, and Phase 1 will be a bit smaller in terms of the footprint. But in their original Phase 1, they had 2 things that were changed. Originally, they were going to build Gen 10/5 LCD plant. They are now building a Gen 6. That is not inferior technology, but the difference is Gen 6 plant produces smaller-sized LCD screens. So there is a downsizing in terms of the footprint and the electricity demand from a Gen 10 to a Gen 6. However, they've add now to their Phase 1 plan and in fact they are going to be in construction later this year on a high-capacity data center.  So when we look at -- and our technical folks meet with Foxconn every single week, and I meet with the Foxconn folks every 6 weeks. When you look now at our projected demand for Phase 1, even though it has changed to some from their original thinking, the overall demand hasn't changed because of the addition of a very significant high-capacity data center. So I really have a different view than what you might be seeing in the press. They did revise their thinking in terms of Phase 1. But Phase 1 is rocking. And if you drove from Milwaukee to Chicago, you would see off the side of the freeway enormous amount of development going on, and they are following through to a T on their revised Phase 1 plan.
Joseph Fletcher: Gale, let me just add too, in addition to the things you just mentioned that Foxconn are doing. They're also building a, they call the smart manufacturing center, where they're actually building the hardware from servers and things like that to offer for service for them, for their data centers and others. So in addition to what you mentioned, there is additional high tech facilities with the drawing board and the plan to build immediately.
Gale Klappa: Amen. All right, folks. Well, I think that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, feel free to call Beth Straka, and she can be reached at 414-221-4639. Thanks, everybody. See you in about a week. Bye, bye.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-05 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2019 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode, at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, as we review our second quarter 2019 results. First as always, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, President and CEO; Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Bill Guc, Controller; Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now before we dive into our quarter, I'd like to take just a moment to acknowledge the tremendous effort of our field personnel and support staff in the wake of the most severe storms that hit Central and Northern Wisconsin in at least 20 years. On July 19 and 20, eight confirmed tornadoes wrecked havoc across the area, and literally tore apart portions of our system. Both Kevin and I want to thank Governor Evers and his staff, the National Guard and the local emergency management teams for their outstanding support and cooperation. This was a textbook example of the public and private sectors pulling together for the common good. And now, onto the quarter. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in just a few minutes. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2019 earnings of $0.74 a share. During the quarter, we continue to see the benefit of operating efficiencies across our system and the infrastructure investments we've made outside our traditional footprint also had a positive impact. These factors helped us to overcome an unusually cool start to summer in the Midwest. Turning now to our power generation portfolio in Wisconsin. As we look ahead, we've identified the need for additional capacity at We Energies, capacity that can deliver carbon-free energy. So, just last week we filed with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission for approval to invest in the Badger Hollow II solar park, which will be located in the Southwestern part of the state. As you may recall, we've already received approval for Wisconsin Public Service to invest in Badger Hollow I. We expect this next phase of development of Badger Hollow to expand our solar capacity by approximately 100 megawatts. This investment will support our effort to reduce CO2 emissions and maintain reliable affordable service for our customers. In the meantime, we continue to see a very healthy economy here in Wisconsin. The unemployment rate for June came in at 2.9%. In fact, Wisconsin's unemployment rate has stood at 3% or lower since July of last year. This marks the longest period on record in the state with unemployment at or below 3%. And based on data just released literally last week, more people are working in the Milwaukee region that at any time in history. Also, we see continued momentum with a wide range of economic development projects. In May for example, site and operational plans were approved for Haribo’s first North American plant. Haribo is moving forward here in Wisconsin and what will be one of America's largest confectionery plants. Groundbreaking is scheduled for Phase I of construction by spring 2020. At full build-out, the Haribo manufacturing campus can employ as many as 1,250 workers. So folks the gummy bears are coming Well, last quarter, I also mentioned that international healthcare firm Fresenius Kabi announced plans for a production facility in the region. Now Fresenius will be joined by another pharmaceutical company Nexus Pharmaceuticals. A few weeks ago, Nexus unveiled plans to develop a therapeutic drug manufacturing facility in multiple phases over the next 10 years. Nexus expects to invest $250 million in the project. First phase of commercial production is slated to begin in 2022. The decision by Nexus to invest here highlights our ongoing success in attracting companies that require skilled knowledge and production workers. And I know all of you are interested in an update on Foxconn. In June, Foxconn began pouring the footings and the concrete foundations for its Gen 6 LCD fabrication plant. Initial production is expected to begin late next year. Foxconn has also announced plans to diversify its Wisconsin output, potentially including servers, networking products and automotive controls, in addition to display panels for a range of industries, and a high capacity data center is being designed to support Foxconn's research activities as its campus expands in Wisconsin. This kind of growth in manufacturing in our region is spawning a very significant ripple effect, nearly $1 billion of additional private investment has already been announced in the vicinity of the Foxconn campus. And now, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some key details on our operations and an update on our regulatory calendar. Kevin, all yours.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start by reviewing where we stand in Wisconsin. As Gale mentioned, on July 19, more than 290,000 customers in our Wisconsin service area were impacted as winds in excess of 80 miles per hour caused extensive damage to our network. Despite very difficult conditions, we were able to restore service to nearly all customers within a week. We also appreciate the patience and support of our customers in the wake of this historic weather event. Now I'll fill in a few details on the solar investment Gale mentioned. Just last week, on August 1, We Energies partnered with Madison Gas and Electric in filing for approval to purchase an additional 150 megawatts of solar capacity at Badger Hollow. We Energies would own 100 megawatts of the solar park with an estimated investment of $130 million. Subject to approval by the Wisconsin Commission, we expect the second phase of development at Badger Hollow to be completed by the end of 2021. Now an update on the rate review process. You may recall, on March 28, we filed a proposal with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to set customer rates for our Wisconsin utilities. The request follows a four-year freeze of base rates, a freeze that has resulted in lower customer bills, while maintaining world-class reliability. After applying savings from tax reform, we have filed for an increase in a typical We Energies monthly electric bill of approximately 2.9% in 2020, and an additional 2.9% in 2021. There are three primary cost drivers for our proposed We Energies electric increases. Number one, higher transmission charges. Remember the amounts collected in rates have been capped since 2010. Number 2, revenue the Commission assumed We Energies would receive from the Midwest grid operator that was not received. And number 3, increased cost associated with the agreement to purchase energy from the Point Beach nuclear plant. This agreement was approved by the Commission in 2007, when we sold Point Beach and credited customers a total of $670 million. Of course, there will also be discussion during the case about the recovery of the remaining investment balance at the Pleasant Prairie Power Plant, which we retired last year. Moving to Wisconsin Public Service, our rate proposal includes our investment in the Forward Wind Energy Center and the two Wisconsin solar facilities. It also includes ongoing modernization of our electric system to improve reliability in Northeastern Wisconsin. With the tax savings and other credits applied, the typical Wisconsin Public Service Electric bill would increase by approximately 4.9% in 2020, and an additional 4.9% in 2021. Even with these increases, typical bills by Wisconsin Public Service customers would remain well below the current state and national averages. To support our strong balance sheet, we are seeking a slightly higher equity component in these rate reviews consistent with recent decisions made by Wisconsin Commission. We received a procedural schedule on the Commission on June 10. The first key date in the process is August 23, when Commission staff and intervenors will file their direct testimony. We expect a Commission decision in the fourth quarter for new rates effective January 1, 2020. Turning now to Illinois, the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program is progressing well. We just retired Chicago's oldest natural gas main, a cast iron pipe that was placed into service in 1859, before the Civil War. This long-term effort to provide Chicago with a safe modern natural gas delivery network is approximately 26% complete. On a final note, others are recognizing our focus on safety and reliability at Peoples Gas. Escalent, an analytics firm recently surveyed more than 50,000 residential customers across the country about their energy companies. Through this survey, Peoples Gas was ranked among the top 10 most trusted natural gas utility brands in the nation, and number one in the Midwest. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much, Kevin. With our strong performance through the first half of this year, we are raising our 2019 full-year guidance to a range of $3.50 a share to $3.53 a share, the expectation of reaching the top-end of the range. This translates folks into a growth rate between 6.7% and 7.6% of the midpoint of our original 2018 guidance. And for the longer-term, we continue to project that our earnings per share will grow at a rate of 5% to 7% a year. And finally, a reminder about our dividend. In the January meeting, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend to $0.59 a share, increase of 6.8% over the previous rate. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're right in the middle of that range now. So I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Now with details on our second quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, here is our CFO, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Our 2019 second quarter earnings grew $0.74 per share compared to $0.73 per share in the second quarter of 2018. Our favorable results were largely driven by additional capital investment and our continued emphasis on cost control. Weather accounted for a $0.07 decrease in the quarter compared to last year. Compared to normal, weather is a $0.03 drag in the quarter. In fact, June was the 10th coolest in the past 70 years. The good news is the weather headwind was fully offset by fuel recovery, which was positive by approximately $0.02 per share and by additional O&M savings. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of second quarter and year-to-date results. My main focus will be on the quarter, beginning with operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to Page 9 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the second quarter of 2019 was $314.6 million compared to operating income of $330.8 million in the second quarter of 2018, a decrease of $16.2 million. Adjusting for the impact of tax repairs and our adoption of the new lease accounting rules, operating income decreased by $6 million. Remember that in January, we adapted the new lease accounting standard, which had no impact on our net income but does affect our segment reporting. For your reference, we have a breakout of these items for both the second and the first six months of 2019 on Page 9 and 10 of the earnings packet. Neither of these items impacted our net income. Recall that as part of our previous rate settlement Wisconsin, we agreed to apply the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory asset balances. The plan continues and our expectation remains that the transmission escrow balance that We Energies will be reduced to zero by the end of this year. My segment update will focus on the remaining $6 million decrease in operating income, which excludes the impact of tax repairs and the new lease accounting rules. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, the decrease in operating income, net of these adjustments, was $1.7 million. Lower sales volume, primarily related to weather, drove a $34.8 million decrease in operating income, depreciation expense also increased by $8.4 million. This was substantially offset by $38.1 million reduction in operating and maintenance expense, largely driven by our plant retirements. Additionally, we saw a positive impact from fuel. In Illinois, operating income increased by $900,000. Margins rose as a result of our continued investments. Partially offsetting this increase was higher depreciation and operating and maintenance expense. The higher expense was due to repair work related to a much colder than normal first quarter and higher benefit costs. Operating income in our Other State segment decreased $3.5 million. We saw a $2.5 million decrease in margin related to the timing of interim rates at our Minnesota utility in 2018. Turning now to our Energy Infrastructure segment, operating income at this segment was down $1.1 million. As expected, Bishop Hill and Upstream Wind investments did not have a material impact on operating income. However, a significant portion of earnings from these facilities come in the form of production tax credits and are recognized as an offset to income tax expense. These production tax credits added approximately $0.02 per share to our earnings for the quarter. The operating loss at our Corporate and Other segment increased by $600,000. Combining these changes and excluding the impact of tax repairs and the new lease rules, operating income decreased $6 million. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $36.9 million, an increase of $8.2 million as compared to the second quarter of 2018. Approximately, $5.2 million of the increase was driven by continued capital investment. The remainder was driven by 2018 charge related to the final resolution of a FERC audit. Other income net decreased by $7.8 million largely related to a prior year item, which was fully offset in operation and maintenance expense. There is no impact to quarterly net income. Additionally, a portion of the decrease was driven by lower investment gains associated with our benefit plans. Note that these investment gains partially offset the benefit expense, including in our operating segments. Excluding the impact of the new lease guidance, our net interest expense increased by $14.7 million, primarily driven by our continued capital investment and slightly higher interest costs. Our consolidated income tax expense, net of tax repairs decreased by $24.8 million. The major factors were lower income before income taxes, production tax credits related to our infrastructure investments, and a 2018 tax reform item. We expect our effective income tax rate to be between 10.5% and 11.5% this year. Excluding the benefits of tax repairs, we expect our 2019 effective tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. At this time, we expect to be a partial taxpayer in 2020. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings packet. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $222 million. The decrease was driven by tax reform refunds to customers and a higher working capital. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions grew $1.1 billion for the first half of 2019, a $130.8 million increase from the same period in 2018. This reflects our investment focus in our regulated utility and energy infrastructure business. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 53.2% at the end of the second quarter, a decrease from the 53.4% at the end of 2018. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 subordinate notes as common equity. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We paid $372.3 million in common dividends during the first six months of 2019, an increase of $23.6 million over the same period in 2018, which reflects the increase in the dividend level that was effective in the first quarter of this year. Turning now to sales, we continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of the second quarter of 2019, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 23,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year-ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volume were shown on Page 13 and 14 of the earnings packet. Overall retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine were down 2.7% compared to the first half of 2018 and on a weather normal basis, deliveries were down 1%. Excluding gas used for power generation, natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 3.8% versus the first half of 2018. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 2% on a weather normal basis. Again, this excludes gas used for power generation. Keep in mind that the weather in the second quarter of 2019 was dramatically different than the second quarter of 2018. As a result, We Energies experienced a 65% decrease in cooling degree days. I think it's important to point out that the dramatic swing really limits our effectiveness of our normalization calculations. Finally, a quick reminder on earnings guidance. As Gale mentioned, we are raising our full-year earnings guidance range to $3.50 to $3.53 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Now looking at the guidance for the third quarter. In the third quarter last year, we earned $0.74 per share, which included a $0.05 pickup from warmer than normal weather. We expect our third quarter 2019 earnings to be in the range of $0.69 to $0.71 per share. This takes into account the July weather in the expense from the recent storms. As usual, we are assuming normal weather for the remainder of the quarter. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And for those of you who would like to learn more about our environmental and social performance, I'll direct you to our latest corporate responsibility report available on our website, which we published just last month. Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Now, we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Gregory Gordon: Good morning, Gale.
Gale Klappa: Greg, how are you?
Gregory Gordon: Hi, can't complain. So Gale, great quarter, considering the uncontrollable things that you had to manage, namely that the huge swing in the weather. And I think I understand exactly where the offsets were, but it's not 100% clear because of the – all the flow through impacts of the change in accounting for tax repairs. What were the two or three key items in the quarter that allowed you to effectively offset the headwind from weather this year and put you in a position to raise the guidance range, if you could just simplify for us?
Gale Klappa: Sure. I'll be happy to take a shot at it. Will ask Scott or Kevin to add their view as well. To me, there were two big factors. I mean, there are many small factors, but two big ones. One, I mentioned continuing operating efficiency across our system. The second quarter of this year was really the first quarter, where we're seeing the full benefit of the retirement of our older, less efficient coal-fired power plants. Remember, over the course of the last year or so, we've retired three older coal-fired power plants, our Pleasant Prairie plant near the state line of – near Illinois, our Pulliam Plant near Green Bay, and the Presque Isle Power Plant in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The closure of those three plants is delivering as we expected significant O&M cost reductions. So I think that was a big factor. The second is, again we expected it. But we're seeing the benefit of our infrastructure investments that we've made and that was a $0.02 a share pickup compared to last year, as we roll in more of these infrastructure investments. So those I think were two very big factors. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. And I think the third item, as sales were down a little bit. We saw the benefit in fuel by a $0.02 that came in a little bit better that offset. Remember the quarter was about $0.03 down compared to normal between the fuel and the O&M and infrastructure that all contributed to us getting above our original guidance.
Gale Klappa: Greg, does that help?
Gregory Gordon: Yes, it does. My second question is just you guys are really good in putting out some of your monthly slide deck updates on where the business stands. You don't do them specifically for the earnings calls, but I'm looking at slide 10 of the July investor presentation where you talk about the Badger Hollow Solar Farm and the Two Creeks Solar Project. So specifically what on the margin has improved there in terms of visibility on megawatts and dollars? And is that all accretive to the overall CapEx plan that you laid out in the presentation?
Gale Klappa: Well, Greg, first of all, should point out those are regulated investments. So that's different from the infrastructure segment that we talk about. So these basically the Badger Hollow investments, the Badger Hollow I just in the quarter, we got approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission to proceed with Badger Hollow I. That is capacity for Wisconsin Public Service in the Northern part of the state. And then as I mentioned on the call, we just filed a week ago for approval to invest in Badger Hollow II, which would be capacity for We Energies. In essence, the WPS, Wisconsin Public Service investment would be about $260 million because that also includes the Two Creeks Solar Farm in the northeastern part of the state. So about $260 million of solar investment for Wisconsin Public Service. Kevin, about $130 million of investment for We Energies.
Kevin Fletcher: That's correct, Gale. As you said, the Badger Hollow and the Two Creeks were both for Wisconsin Public Service.
Gale Klappa: And Greg, all of that was in our five-year plan.
Gregory Gordon: Excellent. Thank you, Gale.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys. How are you doing?
Gale Klappa: Good. I'm just thrilled to both you and Greg are working on the same day. I mean this is a red letter day for us.
Shahriar Pourreza: We know that. That's the pinnacle of my career, I appreciate it. Gale, let me just touch a little bit on sort of the Energy Infrastructure segment. I know, can you comment on whether you're still seeing sort of robust interest around the wind investments? I know the last time you and I spoke, you were evaluating maybe a dozen or so sites. Maybe just a quick status there. And then Scott, with your cash tax status that you kind of highlighted around 2020. How does sort of some of these incremental investments around the infrastructure segment, could you see it pushing off of those cash tax…?
Gale Klappa: Okay. I'll tackle the first half. Will let Scott tackle the second half. First of all, yes, we continue to look at a range of projects for the Infrastructure segment. We are in heavy due diligence right now on a couple of projects. So we'll see where that turns, but again we're in heavy due diligence, kind of final stages of due diligence on a couple of projects right now. We do see continued opportunity there, and we're being incredibly selective because we can be. I mean, we're only going to pick what we think are the absolute cream of the crop. Right now, without any additional infrastructure investments, I expect some more to come, but without any Scott, we would be a partial tax cash payer. [indiscernible] next year.
Scott Lauber: Yes, so in 2020 and then anything additional would help us continue to take advantage of our cash position at the end of 2020 and 2021.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And it seems like you guys are filling up this bucket, the $1.1 billion that's in your sort of your plan, somewhat ahead of schedule. Is that something you look to update at EEI?
Gale Klappa: Well, we always update at EEI. We will have a whole refresh of our five-year capital plan – spinning out another year, it will probably introduce that on our earnings call next time and then go into great detail with you and everyone else who is interested at the EEI session.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And Gale, just I know, I probably ask you this on a weekly basis, but is there a point in time with the Foxconn project that you could, sort of given assessment on sort of the rooftop solar opportunities and just remind us if you do announce a rooftop solar project on Foxconn, is that incremental to sort of your plan?
Gale Klappa: Well to answer the first part of your question, obviously, in the first quarter, Foxconn substantially reworked their Phase 1 development. Based on and they are going full bore now on Phase 1 construction. Kevin was telling me, he drove by there yesterday, and I mean it's, the construction is rocking on the Foxconn campus right now. So even though they've redone Phase 1 with the addition of a data center, which was not in their original Phase 1 plan, we don't see at the moment a lot of change in demand from Foxconn for Phase 1. So now that they are putting all the final designs in place for Phase 1, letting construction projects and letting construction contracts, we will be in a lot better position to talk with them about how we're going to meet their energy need. I think solar is still a possibility and we'll see where we go, but they really have not been in a position as they've redesigned Phase 1 to really talk about that kind of detail at this stage of the game. So our plan really didn't really identify specific solar project for Foxconn. So we would just see how – we'll see how all that shapes out. But I would expect by the end of this year, we'll have a much better feel for exactly how we're going to serve their need and I expect the Phase 1 needs still to be very significant [Audio Gap].
Shahriar Pourreza: …in the quarter. Very helpful. Congrats again, guys.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin: Hey, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: How are you, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin: Excellent. Well, I'm just going to pick it up where Shar left it off a little bit, but on the infrastructure side of the equation and admittedly this little bit of a blend. When you think about the gas storage opportunity, I believe the first go around in Bluewater was about a third of your overall needs. How do you think about owning relative to just procuring relative to your total needs on storage? What are the frameworks, the metrics that you might think about in that debate, if you will? And then I've got a follow-up.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Sure. Well, first of all, we would very much like from a strategy standpoint to own more storage. Again, they take volatility out for our retail customers. These would strictly be storage for our retail gas customers. And Bluewater is a great example. Bluewater is actually delivering better customer savings than we even thought it would. So certainly we would be interested in procuring more gas storage, but it has to be gas storage that fits our need, it has to be gas storage that on which we can earn a predictable reasonable rate of return. But again overall, we would like to own more gas storage. We'd love to get up to 65% or 70% of our expected retail customer peak demand to be able to be supplied out of storage, but slower she goes and we continue to look at various opportunities. But right now the nearest term opportunities for us in that Infrastructure segment have really been in wind.
Julien Dumoulin: Absolutely, understood. And then perhaps related, if you can, I suppose there was a lot of conversation about the impact of last winter's extreme weather and low cold conditions. We saw recently out of Michigan some draft commentary. As a follow-up to last winter and certainly related to the gas storage conversation, what's the debate and conversation in Wisconsin both within your company and at the PSC?
Gale Klappa: Well, a couple of things. First of all, I would say no debate at the PSC, and there is a reason for that. We came through the polar vortex event at the end of January. I mean it was tight, but we came through that event with incredible reliability for our customers. And Kevin and I are both very proud of that. That didn't happen in every Midwestern state. So the Commission asked for report every utility in Wisconsin on their performance during the polar vortex, and we got nothing but praise as I think we should have for the reliability that we delivered. However, whenever you have an event like that that distresses your system to the max. It shows you where weak points are and where you need additional capacity. One of the things I think Kevin will see as we update our five-year plan is the network particularly, our gas distribution network, particularly in the southeastern part of between Milwaukee and the State Line need some reinforcement.
Kevin Fletcher: You said exactly correct, Gale. As you look at Foxconn, all the developments that we've talked about from an economic development perspective, and that's part of the state. We had already identified the need for additional gas capacity there. But with the polar vortex it showed us that the need that we had identified was certainly one that's something that we need to address very quickly, and we do have proposals before the Commission now for us to strengthen that particular gas infrastructure.
Gale Klappa: And that's really important. I mean, if you think about Julien, the life and death situation of a day where it's minus 26 Fahrenheit with a minus 50 windchill this isn't something to fool around with. And I think one of the things I'm very pleased about is our Wisconsin Commission has always understood the need for reliability and they've always been very supportive of the kind of extensions and expansions that we show, we really need.
Julien Dumoulin: To clarify that's just an acceleration of just your capital budget, and timing of getting the things?
Gale Klappa: Well, we have identified a potential need, five, six, seven, eight years down the road, it's here.
Julien Dumoulin: Okay. Excellent.
Gale Klappa: Very good. Thank you, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin: Thank you, guys. Cheers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Michael. How are you today?
Michael Weinstein: I'm doing great. Hey Kevin, I'm just curious when you guys, when you were taking a look at Foxconn, are they still planning a glass facility with Corning that would draw significant gas demand? Is that still part of the plan there?
Kevin Fletcher: That is not currently a part of their revised plan to my knowledge.
Gale Klappa: I think Kevin is correct. That is not – part of the reason for that is their original plan have the Gen10.6 LCD fabrication plant, which produces very large-sized panels, glass panels and that would require an organization like Corning to be on-site. With the Gen 6 plant, the one that they're now building and construction is underway as we mentioned, produces much smaller panels for a range of industries but much smaller in size and doesn't require an on-site plant like Corning would deliver.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And separately, Scott In terms of infrastructure investments are you planning at some point to get into more some solar investments on that side of it? I mean, especially with the Safe Harbor window that will close at the end of the year, you might have to get some inventory in place at this point.
Scott Lauber: Yes. When we look at the infrastructure investments right now, the ones that are readily available that we are looking at is in the wind side of the business. Not that we would look at solar, but the opportunities we're seeing is more in the wind. And the solar that we talked about in the call, that's all in the utility, and we are working to get all the tax benefits there.
Gale Klappa: Mike, it’s Gale. I'm sorry, to echo Scott's point, right now, the economy, we've looked at solar. In fact, we looked at the big solar opportunity six months ago or something like that for the infrastructure bucket. But when we compared the economics that project would have been available to us. When we looked at the economics, the wind projects that we're looking at for the Infrastructure segment actually had more enhanced returns.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Even with the Safe Harbor tax credit.
Gale Klappa: Even with the Safe Harbor tax credit.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And one last question. Are you, I guess in terms of being on track for carbon reduction and de-carbonization over the long haul, just confirm that the PTC, Power the Future Plans if they can continue to operate over a long period of time without and you can still achieve your goals. I just want to make sure that that's true.
Gale Klappa: Yes. In fact, just to put some numbers around it. Our original goal was a 40% reduction in CO2 by 2030. We've made tremendous progress and internally, Kevin and I think we're going to hit that goal by maybe 2023.
Kevin Fletcher: That's correct.
Gale Klappa: So we're ahead of target on the initial goal and then the longer-term goal is an 80% reduction by 2050. And we have a roadmap that's going to require some technology improvement to get to 80% by 2050, but we think we know how to do that and it would remain – and the Power the Future Plans remain operational.
Michael Weinstein: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Michael. How are you doing?
Michael Lapides: I'm okay, Gale. Thank you as always for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter and start to the year, first half of the year.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, sir.
Michael Lapides: I have two questions for you guys. One, the cost savings that have been a big driver so far of year-to-date performance, how should we think about the read through that has for 2020 and beyond? And especially since a lot of that is for the coal plant retirements. That's my first question. My second one is an easy one, if I look at your CapEx plan in the July slide deck and I thought it was like page 31 or page 32 it showed by function, and by geography. It always tends to show a roll down starting in 2021 in the Wisconsin and Illinois distribution CapEx. And just curious, do you really see CapEx starting to come down that dramatically in kind of 2021, 2022 and 2023? Or is it simply because you just don't have line of sight of what the specific projects might be this far out to be able to kind of forecast out that far?
Gale Klappa: I'll handle your – if you don't mind your second question first. And that's the traditional roll down that we see in years four and five or three, four and five in our five-year capital plan. And really I think the easiest, most honest answer to that is, we don't believe in giving you a five-year plan with a lot of white space in it. And clearly, our plans can change, demand can change, lots of stuff can change three, four and five years out. So we tend to show you in our five-year plan only what we really, really have mailed in terms of what we think is going to have to happen, particularly in the regulated side of the business over that five-year period. So I wouldn't put too much stock into the roll down. If you look back over the last – I guess I've been around here about 16 years. Scott's been here longer. If you look back at our five-year plans for over all those years, you'll probably see very much the same cadence. So I wouldn't put too much stock in that. Let me say this. We continue to project 5% to 7% earnings per share growth for the longer-term. And we believe we have a long runway of capital projects that will support that earnings growth.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And that first question about – yes, the O&M benefits due to the coal plant retirements. I guess I'm going to break this in to two questions. How much of the O&M savings have the coal plant retirements been for this year? And how should we think about whether that impacts 2020 and beyond in terms of your earnings power?
Gale Klappa: All right. Let me give you two specific responses to that. First of all, our estimate of annual cost savings associated with the retirement of those three plants is approximately $100 million on an annual basis. I don't think we have in the room here the specific number for the savings for Q2, but we are on target to achieve – on an annual basis, the $100 million worth of savings. And then secondly, think about it this way, our operational day-to-day O&M starting this year, system-wide, it was about $1,234 billion and I thank Scott for giving me one, two, three, four. We said at the beginning of the year that we thought our O&M could come in 3% to 4%, that was our goal, 3% to 4% below that $1,234 billion for 2019. And Scott, how we are doing?
Scott Lauber: We are right on target with that. So we are through the second quarter, I mean the first quarter is a little bit higher O&M, the second quarter is a little lower, but we're right on pace to get that 3% to 4% out and all these plant closings are factored into our Wisconsin rate filings, which is part of the reason we were able to sale for so many years.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then when you guys think about 2020 and beyond, how should we – like will you give guidance based off of the original 2019 midpoint? Will you give guidance based off of whatever the higher 2019 guidance level, you just provided on today's call? I'm just trying to think about what the baseline is going to be?
Gale Klappa: For earnings growth projection, Michael?
Michael Lapides: Yes. And I'm just thinking about the starting point, not necessarily the range or the ending point.
Gale Klappa: Well, our historical approach has been to give you a new earnings per share range, so say in the beginning of 2020, we'll tell you what we think our earnings guidance is going to be in a pretty tight range for 2020 and then we will let you – we will show you what that is off 2019 earnings, but also will show you a growth rate of the midpoint of our original 2019 guidance.
Michael Lapides: Got it, okay. I appreciate it guys. Thank you much. Thank you very much, Gale.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome, Michael. Take care.
Michael Lapides: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta: Thank you so much. Hi, guys.
Gale Klappa: Hello, Praful. How are you, sir?
Praful Mehta: Very good. Hi. So maybe on the Page 13 of the release package where you have the volume and load growth because when we look at that, I know you mentioned a little bit in your initial remarks as well. It seems like load growth was pretty low even when you look at normalized for weather? So I just wanted to understand what specifically about the weather makes you feel that the normalization process wasn't complete? And then secondly, how confident are you about load growth by the end of the year given Q1, Q2 performance?
Gale Klappa: We're chuckling because you probably heard me say this a gazillion times. I will say it again. The weather normalization techniques that are available to our industry are simply flawed. They're just not that accurate. And Scott mentioned during his prepared remarks, a huge – I mean a dramatic swing between in weather conditions, between Q2 of this year and Q2 of a year-ago. Scott, you just might want to repeat a couple of those stats.
Scott Lauber: Yes. So we are looking at for the month of June, it was the 10th coolest this last June in the last 70 years, and then 60% cooler compared to normal in the quarter. And the other thing that made it really challenging in Wisconsin here, it was extremely wet. So whenever you had a day that would get even above normal temperatures, it was cool. But even if you had a normal temperature, the next day you would expect the load to be there. It would rain and actually cool everything off. So it's really hard to normalize when you have intermediate rains during the month and I think this is one of the wettest Junes we had on record. So that made it very challenging, but we are very happy when you still look at our customer growth. We're seeing about 0.7% growth in new customers or overall customer count year-over-year and both the gas a little bit higher in the electric and a little bit higher on the gas, so still seeing a good customer growth come through.
Gale Klappa: In fact to Scott's point, our customer growth, both on the electric and gas side of our businesses, it's actually a bit stronger in the first half of this year than it was even in the first half of last year. One other thought and actually Kevin and Scott and I were talking about this earlier today. When you look at particularly weather normalization for gas delivery, Q2 is just problematic to begin with because the volumes of gas deliveries are generally so low given that it's spring time and there's not a lot of heat required. I think we have to be very careful about putting too much stock in one quarter's weather normalization. Now longer-term and you asked a very good question. Longer-term, we have projected a bit of an uptick, particularly in electric demand in the 2021, 2022 timeframe and we're still quite confident of that because of all of these economic development projects that I mentioned earlier and more that I didn't have a chance to mention. I mean we have a very robust pipeline of industrial economic development and expansion projects that are coming on stream largely Scott in that 2021, 2022 timeframe.
Scott Lauber: Yes, exactly right, Gale. And we just took a look at it as we are preparing specifically in those outer years and just coming on our hands, we found about 14 projects that were significant size that's going to get us to the growth we projected when we were at EEI last fall. So we'll be continuing to review our forecast but feel very good where we're at.
Gale Klappa: Amazon is going to use even more robots in their brand new facility and that requires more electricity, Praful.
Praful Mehta: Well that's great and great to hear the confidence on that. So I guess the second question was more on your rate review – the ongoing rate review. In terms of the – I guess, you mentioned that you have a request for a higher equity ratio apart from other factors that you've kind of talked about. Could you give us a sense for where that equity ratio is in terms of the ask versus what's currently in the plan, just so when we see the outcome we can compare against what you kind of had forecast in your plan as well?
Scott Lauber: Yes. So what we looked at the equity ratio on – and it's a little bit different at all the companies, but basically the equity ratio was about it. Wisconsin, our We Energies is the largest subsidiary at 51% and we're moving that in the rate case to 52%, which when you look at our numbers and the effects of tax reform, it really, really helps with the cash flow and the benefits there. When we looked at our – in our guidance, we assuming what our current rates are, we will put our long five year plan together at the 51 an attempt to Wisconsin Electric and there's a lot of stuff that will go through the rate case, but we really looked at that 52% is not only more beneficial actually to the cash flow and the benefits we've been taking all the credit ratings at the utilities.
Gale Klappa: And 52% equity ratio is very consistent with the last decision made for a major Wisconsin utility by the Wisconsin Commission, so nothing out of the ordinary here.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. So just to be clear, if you did get 52% that would be accretive to the current forecast of your growth?
Gale Klappa: I don't think you can look at that in isolation. You've got to look at that – you've got to look at the revenue decision. You've got to look at the return on equity. So it's like Ragu, it's all in there. So I wouldn't try to isolate that and come to just that one item and come to a conclusion, Scott.
Scott Lauber: No, I agree. There's a lot of factors. We always look at it with ROE and equity percentage in combination. So we get through the rate case that then we'll look at where we are by most likely, the first quarter of next year for our guidance.
Gale Klappa: And I stand correctly, this is no Ragu, it's Prego. It is like Prego, isn't there?
Praful Mehta: All right. Well, I really appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Thank you. Vedula?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with Avon Capital. Your line is open.
Vedula Murti: Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Hi Vedula, how you doing?
Vedula Murti: I am doing okay.
Gale Klappa: Wait a minute. Not wonderful on award winning, Vedula?
Vedula Murti: Okay, fine wonderful on award winning. Okay. Couple of things, you mentioned about the tax rate and that you expect it to be 10% to 11% of balance of the rest of this year. Should we be thinking for the forward years 2020 and 2021 that with the some of the projects you have in the pipeline and whatever that the effective tax rate would be in a similar zone?
Scott Lauber: No, I think when you look at the effective tax rate, you have to take out the tax repairs, and put it closer to that 20% and 21%. Tax repairs are really unique for our Company in 2018 and 2019. So we haven't come out with the range and the production tax credits will of course – will help us, but that 20% to 21% is a good reasonable number.
Vedula Murti: Okay. And then I guess within say, your $3.53 upper end for this year, how should I think about what the earnings contribution tax credits are from here from wind production on other types of things as part of that aggregate?
Gale Klappa: Vedula, we're expecting in terms of the impact of the tax credits from our infrastructure investments. We're expecting about $0.02 a quarter of earnings. And that's exactly what we delivered this quarter.
Vedula Murti: Okay. So in terms of the forecast going forward on the 5% to 7%, tax rates kind of normalize back towards the 20% area versus the 10% this year. That clearly is already accounted for in terms of that lack of better term headwind, which will be filled in through other investments and rate recoveries et cetera?
Scott Lauber: It is accounted for – in our growth projections, but it all gets some reset in this rate case here, because it's really a unique Wisconsin item that kept reduce that transmission balance to zero now by the end of the year. So those unique tax repair items will all get we said in this rate case to get back to that 20% to 21%.
Vedula Murti: Okay.
Gale Klappa: And again, because the use of the tax repairs during this year is to get that transmission escrow balance down to zero. Once it's down to zero, and as Scott said it gets reset or rates that are effective January 2020.
Vedula Murti: All right, thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome.
Gale Klappa: All right. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating. It's always good to be with you. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka, her direct line 414-221-4639. So long everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2019 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the opening quarter of 2019. First, as always, I'd like to introduce the members of our Management Team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, President and CEO of WEC Energy Group, Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Guc, our Controller, Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail a bit later in the call, as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported first quarter 2019 earnings of $1.33 a share. Our performance was driven by colder than normal weather, the strong economy and a continuing focus on operating efficiency across our system of companies. I might add that our people and our technology performed exceptionally well during the polar vortex cold snap that grip the region during January. As wind chills in late January dropped to near 50 degrees below zero. Customer demand for natural gas hit new all-time records across our service areas in Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota. Our gas distribution networks were truly put to the test. And when it counted most we delivered. We've also made real progress on a number of other important initiatives during the quarter, we completed our new natural gas-fired power plants in Michigan's Upper Peninsula on-time and on-budget. With the new units online, we were able to retire our older, less efficient coal-fired plant at Presque Isle. And here in Wisconsin, we received approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission for two major solar farms. These facilities will be among the largest solar installations in the Midwest and will support our effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions while maintaining reliable and cost effective infrastructure. You can learn more about our generation reshaping plan in the climate report that we just published just this last week. In addition, our regulatory calendar is on track with rate filings in Wisconsin during the quarter. Kevin will provide you with an update on that front in just a moment. And as I mentioned earlier, we're benefiting from a thriving economy here in Wisconsin, the state's unemployment rate came in at 3% or less during each month of this year's first quarter. And new proposed investments are promising additional development and jobs. For example Global Healthcare from Fresenius Kabi recently announced that it will build a flagship facility for its U.S. distribution operations in the southeastern corner of our state. Closer to Milwaukee Foxconn plans to restart construction as planned after the winter break on Phase I of its high-tech, manufacturing and research campus in Racine County. Foxconn announced during the quarter, the centerpiece of Phase I will be a Gen 6 fabrication plant. That Gen 6 plant will produce liquid crystal display panels in various sizes up to perhaps 90 hedges. Production is expected to begin by the end of 2020. And in the matter of weeks, the Company plans to issue initial bid packages for about Gen 6 facility and for construction of the new data center as well as research and development labs. We’re already seeing the positive ripple effect of Foxconn's commitment to Wisconsin. More than 30 additional investment projects have been announced in the vicinity of the Foxconn campus. Including hotels, medical centers and more than 2,700 housing units. These 30-plus projects should result in more than $900 million of new private capital investment. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin for details on our operations and our regulatory calendar for 2019. Kevin, all yours.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start by highlighting the work our employees are doing to provide excellent customer care and reliable service. Just last month, our WEC Energy Group companies placed in the top quartile in the American Customer Satisfaction Index for energy utilities. And as Gale mentioned, we're making progress across our Company is on key initiatives. I'll review where we stand in our four-state jurisdictions. Here in Wisconsin, we're now on track to add utility-scale solar generation to our portfolio of regulated assets. You'll recall that on May 31 of last year, our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary, along with Madison Gas and Electric, filed a joint application with the Wisconsin Commission to purchase 300 megawatts of solar generation at two locations. Earlier this moth, Commission approved our proposal and we received a written order on April 18. The Badger Hollow Solar Farm will be located in the South Western part of state in Iowa County and will be developed and constructed by Invenergy. The Two Creek solar project is being developed and constructed by next era in Northeastern Wisconsin. Wisconsin Public Service will own a total of 200 megawatts, 100 megawatt at each site with an expected investment of approximately $260 million. We expect these projects to enter commercial service by the end of 2020. Now I'll touch on our rate filings. On March 28, we filed a proposal with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission to set customer rates for our Wisconsin utilities. The request comes after a four-year base rate freeze, a freeze that has resulted in lower customer bills while maintaining world-class reliability and shaping a cleaner energy future. First, I'll discuss the request we making to set. We introduce customer’s rates for electricity for 2020 and 2021. You can refer to the last two pages of the earnings packet for details on our natural gas and steam filings. Using savings from tax reform, we are targeting an increase in the typical monthly electric bill of approximately 2.9% in 2020 and an additional 2.9% in 2021. There are three primary cost drivers for our proposed we introduced electric increases. Number one, our transmission charges. Remember, the amounts collected in rates have been kept since 2010. Number two, revenue, the Commission assume that we introduced would receive from MISO starting in 2015 that was not received. And number three, increased cost associated with the agreement to purchase energy from the Point Beach Nuclear Plant. This agreement was approved by the Commission in 2007 when we sold Point Beach, and credited customers a total of $670 million over a three-year period. Now onto Wisconsin Public Service, the rate proposal includes our acquisition of approximately 60 megawatts of the Forward Wind Energy Center in 2018, as well as our investment in the two solar facilities. It also includes ongoing modernization of the electric system by upgrading and moving underground 2,000 miles of electric distribution lines. We've already seen higher reliability in Northern Wisconsin as a result of these upgrades. With the tax savings and other credits applied, the typical electric bill would increase by approximately 4.9% in 2020 and an additional 4.9% in 2021. Even with the increases Wisconsin Public Service average deals would remain well below the current state and national averages. To support our strong balance sheet, we are seeking a slightly higher equity component in these rate reviews consistent with Wisconsin Commission's prior decisions. We expect final orders by the end of the year with new rates effective in January of 2020. Turning to Michigan, Upper Michigan Energy Resources has begun commercial operations of this new gas power generation stations on March 31. We've invested approximately $255 million in these new facilities. After the investment will be covered by a 20-year agreement with Cliffs Natural Resources and the other half will be covered in retail rates. This generation solution is expected to save customers nearly $600 million over the next 30 years. Looking to Illinois, the Peoples Gas system modernization program is roughly a quarter complete. As we improve safety and reliability, we continue to focus on efficiency and excellent customer care. Earlier this month, a national customer study found Peoples Gas to be one of the energy companies that's easier to do business with in America. And finally, an update on Minnesota Energy Resources. As you may remember from our last call, the Minnesota attorney general requested a review of the return on equity that the Public Utilities Commission had approved in December. The Commission has chosen not to take up this request, so our Minnesota ROE stands at 9.7%. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Kevin, thank you very much. The Company continues to perform at a high level and as we look to the remainder of the year, we're on track to meet the upper end of our 2019 guidance. As a reminder, our guidance range is $3.48 a share to $3.52 a share and again we're guiding to the upper end. This translates to a growth rate between 6.1% and 7.3% of the midpoint of our original 2018 guidance. And finally a reminder about our dividend, as January meeting our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend of $0.59 a share. That's an increase of 6.8% over the previous rate. I hope this marks the 16th consecutive year that our shareholders will enjoy higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're in the middle of that range right now. So I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And now with details on our first quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, here is our trusty CFO, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Our 2019, first quarter earnings of $1.33 per share increased $0.10 per share compared to the first quarter of 2018. Higher earnings were largely driven by the colder than normal winter weather. Additional capital investment and their continued emphasis on cost control also had favorable impact on earnings. Earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of first quarter 2019 and 2018 results. I'll first focus on operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to Page 8 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the first quarter of 2019 was $542.8 million compared to operating income of $545.1 million in the first quarter of 2018, a decrease of $2.3 million. Adjusting for the impact of tax repairs and our adoption of the new lease accounting rules, operating income actually increased by $2.4 million. We have a breakout of these items for your reference on Page 8 of the earnings packet, neither of these items impacted our net income. Recall that as part of our Wisconsin settlement, we agreed to apply the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory asset balances, plan continues and our expectation remains at the transmission Escrow balance at Wisconsin Electric will be reduced to zero by the end of this year. In January, we adopted the new lease accounting standards, while it had no impact on our net income, it does affect our segment reporting. Two separate items affect year-over-year comparability. First, the presentation of our intercompany lease related to the power the future assets were impacted. The leases are fully eliminated in consolidation, however, the contracts are treated differently in 2019 across our business segments. The second item is a smaller purchase power agreement, which had an impact of approximately $1 million, reclassified between operating income and interest. We have adjusted of these items in a separate column on Page 8 of the earnings packet. By segment update we will focus on the remaining $2.4 million increase in operating income, which excludes the impact of tax repairs in the new lease accounting rules. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, the increase in operating income, net of these adjustments was $5.6 million. Higher sales volumes drove a $20.7 million increase in margins. This was partially offset by $11.6 million negative fuel impact and a $7.7 million increase in depreciation expense. In Illinois, operating income decreased $9.7 million driven by a $16 million increase in operations and maintenance expense. This is due to higher weather related work repair, benefit costs and timing between quarters. Margins increased $11 million as a result of our continued investment in the Peoples Gas system modernization program. Operating income in our other state segments, increased $5.3 million driven by an increase in margin due to colder weather. Turning now to our Energy Infrastructure segment. Operating income in this segment was down $300,000, as expected Bishop Hill and Upstream Wind Farms did not have a material impact to operating income. However, a significant portion of the earnings for these facilities come in the form of production tax credits and are recognized as an offset to income tax expense. These production tax credits at approximately $0.02 per share. The operating loss at our Corporate and Other segment improved by $1.5 million. Combining these changes and excluding the impact of tax repairs and then new lease rules, operating income increased $2.4 million. Earnings from our investment to the American Transmission Company totaled $36.1 million, an increase of $3.3 million as compared to the first quarter of 2018. Higher earnings were driven by continued capital investment. Other income net increased by $23.4 million, driven by higher AFUDC related to the new generation Michigan's Upper Peninsula and an increase in investment gains associated with our benefit plans. Note that these investment gains partially offset the benefit expense including in our operating segments. Excluding the impact of the new lease accounting, our net interest expense increased $16.8 million, primarily driven by our continued capital investment and slightly higher interest rates. Our consolidated income tax expense, net of tax repairs decreased $17.7 million. This was driven by wind production tax credits related to our recent acquisitions of the Bishop Hill and Upstream Wind generation facilities, in addition to various smaller tax items. We expect our effective income tax rate to be between 10.5% and 11.5% this year. Excluding the benefits of tax repairs, we expect our 2019 effective tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. At this time, we expect to be a partial taxpayer in 2020. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings packet. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $158 million. The decrease was driven by higher working capital levels due to colder weather and tax reform refunds to customers. In the first quarter of 2018, we had not yet begun refunding amongst the customers related to tax reform. Total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $627 million for the first quarter of 2019, a $187 million increase from 2018. This reflects our investment focus in our regulated utility and energy infrastructure business. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 53% at the end of the first quarter, a decrease from the 53.4% at the end of 2018. Our calculations continue to treat half of the WEC Energy Group, 2007 subordinate notes as common equity. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for 401(k) plans options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We made $186.2 million in common dividends during the first quarter of 2019, an increase of $12 million over the same period in 2018, which reflects the increase in the annualized dividend level that was effective in the first quarter. Turning now to sales. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of the first quarter of 2019, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 22,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year-ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volume are shown on a comparative basis on Page 10 of the earnings packet. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 7% versus the first quarter of 2018. This excludes gas used for power generation. Net gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 2.6% on a weather normal basis. Overall our retail deliveries of electricity excluding the iron ore mine, were up 0.5% from the first quarter of 2018 and on a weather normal basis, retail deliveries were down 0.4%. Finally, a quick reminder on earnings guidance. We are reaffirming our earnings guidance of $3.48 to $3.52 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. This assumes normal rather for the remainder of the year. Now looking at the guidance for the second quarter. In the second quarter last year, we earned $0.73 per share, which included approximately $0.04 from weather, taking the weather into account, we expect our second quarter 2019 earnings to be in the range of $0.70 to $0.72 per share. This takes into account April weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And just a brief side note, for those of you listening in from Boston, I just want to let you know, the Milwaukee Bucks are ready to rumble. So fear the beer folks. And operator, we're ready to open it up now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. Now, we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Rock and Roll, Greg, how are you today?
Gregory Gordon: I'll tell you tomorrow after the draft, okay, Gale. We need to…
Gale Klappa: All right.
Gregory Gordon: Just a few questions. And I can take this offline if Scott doesn't have this handy, but when you look at the investment gains and other income, net of the increased expense, overall do you know what the net contribution was off hand and if not, I'll take it offline?
Gale Klappa: Scott?
Scott Lauber: I think the investment gains was probably is the ballpark of about $15 million to $16 million, but remember those investment gains are really offset expenses that are up in the operating segments. So there kind of a – it's just really how we’re reporting the information that are required to reported by segments down there, but it's really offset to the operating above.
Kevin Fletcher: Yes, Greg, in the Scott's point you really have to look at the two different pieces together to really get a good picture…
Gregory Gordon: That's why I asked. Yes.
Kevin Fletcher: Okay, terrific. Thank you, Greg. What else was on your mind today?
Gregory Gordon: I guess the second thing on my mind was taking into account the tax repairs agreement and the way you're flowing that through, how much have you reduced the regulatory asset balance that's impacting and what's the trajectory expected to look like?
Kevin Fletcher: Well, considerably on the – and, Scott can fill us in as well. But the big one, the transmission escrow balance, which was over $200 million. We've more than cut that in half and we're expecting it to be zero. In terms of the remaining escrow balance by the end of 2019, it's a great story.
Gregory Gordon: And then once that's at zero, does the agreement sort of complete or what happens then?
Kevin Fletcher: Well, all of that will be decided in the rate case with new rates effective January 1 of 2020.
Gregory Gordon: Perfect. Great. That's a great answer. And then forgive me if – I don't know the answer because I haven't read it thoroughly, but looking in the rate case, what are some of the other key second level things that you're looking to try to achieve. Are there any significant incremental changes in your generation portfolio that you're asking for in terms of deployment of new capital or retirement of incremental existing coal plants, and what are some of the big drivers there underneath the surface?
Scott Lauber: Greg, I think Kevin covered the three big drivers in the Wisconsin Electric rate case in his prepared remarks. Couple of things that might be responsive to your question, first of all in the Wisconsin Public Service rate case, part of the driver for that rate case is really two renewable projects. One is the acquisition of a portion of the Forward Wind Energy Center that Kevin mentioned. And then the other would be included in our rate case would be the investment in the two new solar projects that we covered during the prepared remarks, the Two Creeks in the Badger Hollow Solar Projects. That's a pretty sizable investment, Kevin that would be a part of our rate ask at Wisconsin Public Service.
Kevin Fletcher: And the other one that I would add, Gale, which I mentioned is our SMRP project, the renewable project where we under grounding a couple of thousand miles of overhead distribution to underground, we'll be looking to put that into our rate base as well.
Scott Lauber: In addition, the low higher equity layer that we highlighted in there. That's about 1% and they've done it for other cases. And I'll just support our balance sheet better.
Gale Klappa: Right. So we are asking for an increase in the upper end. We have a range now as you know for the equity layer, but the commission has approved, we're looking for a bit of an increase in the equity layer itself. And again, as Scott said, this has been approved in prior cases here in the state. I hope that helps, Greg.
Gregory Gordon: It does. Thank you very much. Take care.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Shahriar, how are today?
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Yes, it's not Friday yet.
Gale Klappa: Okay.
Shahriar Pourreza: So, Gale thanks for the sort of the updated around Foxconn. But maybe you could just touch a little bit about sort of the noise we are seeing in the headlines around the Governor and potentially looking to revise terms of the state contracts. I think you sort of highlights changes with the business plan hiring and this is obviously Gale, this is your baby – you're very close to the situation. How difficult would it be for the Governor to reopen the contract legislatively especially, but you've got a Republican-controlled legislature, is this just noise? How should we think about this?
Gale Klappa: Well, great question, Shahriar. I appreciate it. Three observations to directly answer your question. First of all, we have now for the first time in almost a decade and Wisconsin divided government. So one can expect, I think a fair amount of rhetoric, newspaper headlines, political discussions that we haven't been overly used to over the course of the last decade. I would characterize much of that as just the normal back and forth in a divided government – in a political climate of a divided government. And my suggestion to all of you would be kind of ignore the rhetoric and look precisely and what's happening on the ground. Interestingly enough, as I mentioned during our prepared remarks, Foxconn is moving forward. It is now clearly define what they want to accomplish over the next 18 months in Phase I of the projects. It's significant, including the addition of a major data center. And as you recall, there still standing by their longer-term projection of creating 13,000 jobs. But to put a finer point on it, we have been as you know very conservative in our projections. If I don't think Scott had any significant ramp up in demand from the Foxconn campus until the last year of our five-year plan and we only had a very small amount of ripple effect, if you will – of additional economic development and additional jobs and additional demand. What we're seeing so far already as far surpassed in terms of the ripple effect what we have planned in our projections for the fifth year. So my view is kind of steady as you goes a lot of political talk let's focus on really what's happening on the ground. I hope that helps, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: No, it doesn't. And then I appreciate you addressing that because I know it's been a topic a little bit with investors. So I appreciate that. And then just, I know Gale, you've highlighted shifting to infrastructure you've highlighted more than a dozen sort of wind opportunities that are under evaluation very similar to the South Dakota deal with Google. It's you've hit 40% of your spending of – would you bucket it for about $1 billion. Are you seeing sort of enough opportunities that could be incremental to plan or as we're modeling this, should we just think about this is being more front end loaded growth? And then just secondarily to that question is trustee Scott said you guys are going to be in a tax position by 2020. But if some of these projects sort of hit fruition, how should we think about your current cash tax position post these projects?
Gale Klappa: Well, Shahriar, we still have – great question. We still have a robust pipeline of projects that were doing a fair amount, as you can imagine of diligence on right now, it wouldn't surprise me in the least if you saw over the next four to six months another major announcement. So we still have plenty of opportunity here and as Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks. Right now, we did nothing else. We would be a partial cash taxpayer in 2020. Another announcement would push us out into 2021. So we are continuing to work on basically filling that bucket in that segment that Infrastructure segment that you see in our five-year plan, and I'm very optimistic about it.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. That's great. And I'll echo Greg's comments around the draft, but with better New York Team. Thanks guys.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Shahriar.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Scott Lauber: Afternoon Michael, how are you doing today?
Michael Weinstein: All right, doing good. Hey, on the wind tax credits, you notice that the operating income from the infrastructure businesses kind of flat for the year-over-year and understood the new projects aren't going to contribute that much that's understood. But with the new projects in service over the next year. How will that affect future quarters net operating income line. And just wanted to confirm that the tax credit line will – the $17 million increase should be persistent throughout the year, right?
Gale Klappa: We will ask Scott to give you more detail. My view would be pretty much got to ignore in this instance you pretty much got to ignore the operating income line and look at where the earnings are flowing from and it's largely the production tax credits.
Scott Lauber: Yes, that's exactly right. So the production tax credits, like I said it added about $0.02 to the wins when he looked at it. Now there's a few other items in net tax line for the settlement of the previous items and just some quarterly spreading that's required by the GAAP accounting that we planned in our forecast, but I think the key here is that $0.02 that we got that relates production to tax rate, that's about will get expect assuming normal wind.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And also I mean we are hearing a lot about how it's been a pretty bad year for wind in general is that affected the projects at all or it affected the output, affected any of this or all just tax credit driven?
Gale Klappa: Well, it would have I mean because these are production tax credits, the level of wind obviously is going to affect your income from the tax credits themselves. I will say though when we looked that – and we looked at pretty great detail, Kevin Scott and Rick Kuester and when we looked at the results of the first quarter and remember the Upstream Wind Farm was not in service during all of the first quarter, I think it came in second week of January, Scott, or third week of January? So we have Bishop Hill in service for the whole quarter and we had upstream in service for a portion of the quarter and we were very pleased. Overall, it was very close to budget.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And one last question for me is the weather versus normal. Can you provide any kind of impact versus normal instead of just year-over-year?
Gale Klappa: Mike, you probably heard me say this a million times. The weather normalization techniques in our industry are just not very good. I mean, it's the best we've got but they're just not very good and looking at one quarter is really can really be misleading. So I'm not sure frankly as good as work is our folks do. I just don't believe the weather normalization numbers. I don't think our retail was down, but just think about one in fact, Kevin and I were talking about this just a few minutes ago, I think about one side impact of the polar vortex couple of days that we had. Well, most schools, many commercial businesses actually closed. So weather normalization can't possibly factor in that kind of extreme closure and so I'm not overly worried, in fact, I mean, we did see the huge spike in gas, obviously, and I would expect that. We are up in residential usage of electricity weather normal well everybody stayed home. So I wouldn't be overly concerned about one quarter and I still have, I think you have to look at a very long period of time to get any kind of normal results from our weather normalization effort. I don’t know Kevin, if you've got any to add to that.
Kevin Fletcher: I would agree with exactly what you said and not really anything to add so.
Scott Lauber: So I think it's general weather was probably $0.04 to $0.05 just the pure weather effect that helped us in the quarter when you look at it by really Wisconsin has that weather because there's decoupling Illinois – has decoupling but between Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota. It's probably about $0.04 to $0.05.
Gale Klappa: The thing I'm most happy about is our system delivered, I mean, when you look at some of the shortages and some of the please for conservation when it was 50 degrees below zero with the Windchill I mean we really held up some other states did not. And I'm very pleased with how our company perform.
Kevin Fletcher: Yes, I was going to say the same thing to if you look at just our neighboring states that was a request for conservation in that standpoint. We did extremely well, not only to our system but our employees as well, weathered through that the polar vortex very effectively. Very proud of that.
Michael Weinstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone.
Gale Klappa: How are doing, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin: Good, excellent, thank you. So perhaps the pickup on a slightly different thread, little bit tricky, but curious how do you think about settlement prospects here at this point. Clearly your peers in the state, we are pretty proud to getting something together. What are some of the important nuances to consider in a given case you've already kind of talked about the key capital items. What are the other variables when you think about it and obviously given this would be the inaugural effort to use the new legislation and any other considerations that we should just be aware of as we move through this for the first half?
Gale Klappa: Well, good question, Julien. Let me just say this, we are very early in the process right now. I can imagine there would be any meaningful settlement discussions until after the staff completes its normal audit of our data and we're going through the garden variety, normal data responses right now in terms of just verifying their numbers, clarifying their questions on our numbers, etcetera. So when you say others did something in terms of settlements fairly early in the process maybe they were three, four, five months into the process, but it's simply Julien too early to tell. Obviously, we will have, what we hope will be productive discussions with the other parties in the case with the staff itself, but at this stage of the game is just way too early to tell. And again, I just wouldn't imagine any productive or meaningful discussions on settlement until after the normal audit is complete, and we're still going through the data requests as per normal schedule right now.
Julien Dumoulin: Got it. All right, understood. And then moving back to state politics a little bit, can you explain a little bit of the back and forth and sort of your expectations for what is to come around. I would know and sort of intriguing back and forth between the courts and legislature is going on. As best you understand it?
Gale Klappa: Sure. Well, I would just say this, obviously, we all would like the issues surrounding the Governor's appointments to be resolved as soon as possible. I think the encouraging thing here is the Wisconsin Supreme Court has now taken up the case, not just from the standpoint of whether or not a stay is appropriate, but they are taking up the case on its merits and the Wisconsin Supreme Court has already established a briefing and hearing schedule and my best guesstimate is that the Wisconsin Supreme Court will resolve this in the relatively near future. I'm guessing in the second quarter, early third quarter. So I think that's good news. Wisconsin Supreme Court now has this in this jurisdiction and they're taking it seriously and they've set a scheduled to move forward pretty expeditiously, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin: And to be extra clear about this, is that would in theory depending on the outcome there could be an outcome that actually puts your back, back in the rule effective immediately.
Gale Klappa: There are certainly could be up. Yes.
Julien Dumoulin: Okay, excellent. Well, I will leave it there. Thank you all very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Julien. Appreciate your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hi, Gale. Hi, guys.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Michael.
Michael Lapides: Yes, sir.
Gale Klappa: Michael, for Kevin's benefit, could you explain the difference between Miz and Beat?
Michael Lapides: Miz is for all the Auburn fans on the line. What they're going to do when we think about the SEC title gain, Beat is what all of us, Alabama fans are going to do when we think about what happens in the third or fourth weekend of November every year.
Gale Klappa: I am yours to take time, but I got that analogy. Thanks.
Michael Lapides: I figured you would. I have an easy question for you guys, real quickly. Is there, when you're looking at your coal generation fleet, not only in the power the future units, but the rest of the fleet? Is there a given what's happened in both renewable costs and with natural gas and gas generation? Is there an opportunity in the next three to five years or so for you to retire incremental coal units and potentially save customers money as well as having an environmental impact and if so which potential units would you see as where the biggest opportunity for that could emerge?
Gale Klappa: Even a Georgia Tech grant probably wouldn't answer that entire question, Michael. But certainly, I mean, we review our fleet on an ongoing basis. We look at our costs, we looked at the additional capital that might have to be put into these units to keep them running. Well, I think the short answer, Kevin that is there a potential opportunity over the next five years to retire additional coal units. I think the potential answer is, yes. We've done a lot already, Kevin.
Kevin Fletcher: Well, as Gale is going to stay the same deal, if you look at what we've done since 2017, we retired 840 megawatts and we've done it based on the bay way in the criteria did you just mentioned. And as technology continues to change, we will continue that evaluation and assuming that things work out and the decisions that was made evident by our analysis, we would continue to look at it, but certainly do not have any specific ones that we're looking at right now that I want to talk about.
Gale Klappa: And I will say Michael, to your question, we are already – remember we set a goal of reducing carbon emissions by 40% by the year 2030. We are now thinking based on what we've accomplished and what we're seeing that we may hit that goal by as early as the end of 2023 and seen that progress, we then set a longer-term goal of an 80% reduction by the year 2050. And if you have the time, I think just perusing our climate report that we just published might be helpful to you to kind of show you the various pathways that we think might work to get us to that 80% reduction, Michael.
Scott Lauber: Our report shows different options and technologies that are needed to help us to advance to reach that 80% goal.
Michael Lapides: No, and that was honestly one of the better versions of a report like that I've seen because unlike some of the others, it would be easy to understand and easy to make through. I just taken myself if you keep adding renewables and if the gas output and the state continues to rise, utilization rates or capacity factors. It will weigh on coal capacity factors and at some point you hit a tipping point where because it's a heavy fixed cost business meaning running a coal plant. That's just the economics don't work like they used to. And that's kind of what I was actually thinking about that report and going through it when I asked that question a little bit of, this is still a state that uses a lot of coal generation and just trying to think about how that will significantly change and one of the ways it does is clearly through the retirements and the other way it does is through asset additions of different fuel types, but those tend to be a little bit of a circular reference.
Gale Klappa: Right, and Michael, one of the thought along those lines, that might be useful. You are correct, the economics are very different than they were even five years ago, but you still have to have and what we experienced in late January in the polar vortex is a great example of this. You still have to have a backbone system that you can dispatch to keep the lights on. In one of the things that was amazing to us is on the morning of the coldest day in January, remember I mentioned, wind chills near minus 50. In the Midwest based on MISO data, 6,000 megawatts of wind did not operate. It wasn't because it wasn't wind. It was because in some cases at minus 20, the designs of the steel towers are such that the units have to shut down. The wind turbines have to shut down. So this is a complicated complex subject in the lessons that Kevin and Scott and others, and I have learned from it is the idea of having a balanced portfolio, while continuing to improve your environmental performance is just – Kevin, is just essential.
Kevin Fletcher: But as certainly as Gale and I'd like to correct the number as I spoke to a minute ago, I believe us at 800 megawatts of cold – units have been retired 1,840. So I have little misspoke there, but you're exactly right Gale and your summary that we have to have the balanced approach for the first conditions because we have to have the consistent and reliable energy at all times for our customers.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Praful. How are you?
Praful Mehta: Thank you so much. Good and thank you for all the Q&A. It's really appreciate all the color and input so far.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome.
Praful Mehta: So I wanted to touch on the ripple effects point that you brought up, clearly, you're seeing a lot going on and maybe even more than what you originally kind of thought about. How would that fit in with the growth profile that you've kind of laid out longer-term? You clearly hitting the upper end of this year, but as you think about the five to seven and I guess some of this, you kind of addressed in previous questions as well, but wanted to get at how we should think about that range going forward and what are the pushes and pulls that could help us kind of triangulate what you kind of hit in the out years?
Gale Klappa: Well, good question, and I think Scott and Kevin, please feel free to add your thoughts as well. I think the first two things that come to mind are we have obviously a very modest rate ask in front of the Wisconsin Commission for our two largest companies. So the outcome of that rate case obviously will have an impact going forward. We are very optimistic about it. And then secondly, remember that we have in place and I suspect that will stay in place an earnings sharing mechanism, such that customers get benefit if we earn above or allowed rate of return. So for now, Scott, I think probably our best advice might be think about our continuing a 5% to 7% growth range.
Kevin Fletcher: Yes, absolutely and the other item will be watching closely as where the ROEs end up for our transmission assets – in transmission investment.
Gale Klappa: Very good point. If you remember, Praful, the Regulatory Energy Commission has had a number of cases in front of it and is still deciding the ROE question what the appropriate band of ROE should be for transmission investments, really many of them in the past, these case has been around for almost five years and going forward as well. There I think we have been, I hope conservative in our future projections, but time will tell.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. That's very helpful. And then just in terms of the ask itself around the higher equity and the ROE, is the base case 5% to 7% based on the ask or is it based on somewhere in between, how should we think about depending on what the outcome is how that kind of fit into the 5% to 7%?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think the honest answer to that is we just have to see the outcome. We have to see what type of additional investments, the commission is comfortable with us making. I think our plan is very solid. But a number of a significant amount of the rate asked is tied to the capital investments that we're planning to make like the solar farms for example. So it's like Ragu it's all in there. And but I continue to believe with any kind of a reasonable outcome of the rate case that we will continue to be able to deliver the kind of returns that you're costumed to us – if your costumed to is delivering and the customers will continue to see the kind of reliability we've been delivering.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale now, just to add for my prepared remarks to the request for both Wisconsin Public Service and we introduced a very straightforward from that perspective, so from that then we should be okay as we move forward.
Gale Klappa: I think so too, Kevin. Thank you. Hope that answers your question, Praful.
Praful Mehta: It does, I appreciate that. And just one final thing, more broadly and this is more industry, just on the M&A side, there has been quite a quietening down at the corporate M&A level or kind of M&A in general around the conversations has that something, is that something that you've seen as well in terms of just more focused on the organic growth, clearly the stories are quite strong for a lot of companies like yourselves. Is there a reduce conversation around the M&A team or do you just think that it's just we don't hear about it?
Gale Klappa: Well, I can only give you my perspective, I would say, to be candid with you. You haven't seen a lot of movement in M&A in the last 12 or 18 months. I think in part because many of the companies had to issue equity and don't have the balance sheets to make significant acquisitions. On the other hand, we have a strong balance sheet, but we would continue to apply the three criteria that you probably are very familiar with that we've applied to any kind of review of any potential acquisition and that's very simply threefold. Number one, we would have to believe after a lot of due diligence that we could make the acquisition accretive to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Number two, that we would want it to be largely credit neutral, and by that we mean – we're not going to trash our balance sheet, simply to get bigger because acquisitions in our industry in my mind are all about getting better as well as bigger. So we wouldn't rush the balance sheet, would we take a small one notch downgrade for the right deal maybe would we take a full category downgrade, no. And then thirdly, we would want the organic growth rate of anything that we would acquire to be at least as strong as our own organic growth rate. I think if you apply those three criteria, first of all, not much meets those three criteria. But if you do apply those criteria and we will and do rigorously then I think if there was something that met those criteria, you actually be doing something both for your customers and your shareholders.
Praful Mehta: That's very thoughtful and appreciate the diligence and the discipline around the M&A. Thank you for that.
Gale Klappa: You're more than welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Paul. How are you today?
Paul Patterson: All right, how you doing?
Gale Klappa: Good and fine.
Paul Patterson: So just a quick follow-up on Julien’s question on the Supreme Court proceeding, when do you guys expect to Supreme Court to act on the PSC issue. And if you are willing to – you guys have any sense as to how they might – have you guys handicapped how they might actually rule?
Gale Klappa: Well, they have, as I said right now the Supreme Court just recently took up the case. They have set a briefing and hearing schedule. They have not set a timeframe for a final decision. But the speed with which they took up the case would indicate to us that and I'm guessing here but then the second quarter, early third quarter is when we might get a decision. My sense is they will act as quickly as a Supreme Court would normally act with a sense of urgency in this particular case. And no, we don't have any particular insight into how they will make a final decision, but again I think it's encouraging that the Supreme Court stepped in without being asked to say this is important enough to make a decision in a timely manner.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then what happens to know in the meantime, is you still – is you lot again entered the building or what?
Gale Klappa: To my knowledge, she has been asked not to return to our office until all of this is resolved.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just with respect to Illinois, I guess this week, I think the Chicago City Council surpassed the resolution, I guess voicing some concern about the infrastructure planned obviously they don't have any direct authority over people's, but just in general I mean, any thoughts about that. I mean clearly there – it's pretty much the service territory of people. How should we think about that or do you – what would you say about that?
Gale Klappa: Sure, couple of things, first of all, the City Council did not pass the resolution. It was a Committee of the City Council. Then it was simply – the hearing, which took place – I think yesterday, we had an opportunity to present the compelling facts behind this program. There were a significant number of labor and other groups they testified during open testimony maybe wrong word, but appeared and talk in the open mic period about the importance of this program. So I mean we are not overly concerned. There have been as you know, a number of articles in cranes and I hate to use the word fake news, but that's about what it is with cranes. But I think we've responded to those very well in the compelling piece here is just how important from a safety and efficiency standpoint this program is. And I think that message is beginning to carry the day. So we are not overly concerned it's business as usual. And we're doing this as quickly and as effectively as we possibly can.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome.
Operator: And your last question comes from Vedula Murti with Avon Capital. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Vedula.
Vedula Murti: Hi Gale, how are you?
Gale Klappa: We are good. How you doing?
Vedula Murti: I'm doing fine. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Good.
Vedula Murti: A few things, when we are taking the look at the quarter-over-quarter changes and you've mentioned, particularly on the income tax expense line, the wind credits that were favorable by $17.7 million on Page 8 of the earnings packet. I guess I'm wondering if we were to think about this within your annual guidance of $3.48 to $3.52, the $17.7 million variance in 1Q. What would that end up being annualized at the end of the year? I'm just don't know – I doubt you can just take $17.7 times or something like that?
Gale Klappa: If we could, you wouldn't be asking the question, Vedula.
Vedula Murti: Yes, exactly.
Kevin Fletcher: The tax line, it's pretty unique this quarter and a lot of it, we had factored already into our guidance all of it had basically factored into our guidance. The true wind piece as it relates to actual production was that $0.02, a little over $6.5 million. There's other items that relate to some accounting rules for some verification of miscellaneous various other items that pull through that line which I call a little unique in this first quarter. So you can take that and multiply by that. The true production tax credit that we anticipate is about $6 to $7 million a quarter going forward.
Vedula Murti: I missed the very last part, $6 million to $7 million a quarter as opposed…
Gale Klappa: All the production tax credits for our infrastructure wins.
Kevin Fletcher: Yes.
Vedula Murti: I want to make sure, thinking about this properly such that if I look at the same table and the same line item in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q in terms of the benefits. What is the run rate that under the purchases, the $3.48 to $3.52 if generally speaking with some type of range for that line item?
Scott Lauber: And we are still comfortable. I guess the way to look at is, we're still comfortable with our overall effective tax rate is that 10.5% to 11.5%. I think that would be the best, you to put in your models, if you exclude the tax repairs in my prepared remarks, it’s 20% to 21%. I think that's probably the best way to look at it, because those are still good as our forecast.
Gale Klappa: There's a lot of ins and outs to Scott's point in that line. So I think Scott is right. If I were in your shoes, I would model the – what we say, we expect our effective tax rate to be for the year.
Vedula Murti: But is it fair to say that this quarter in particular was somewhat elevated and concentrated as opposed to normal?
Scott Lauber: Yes, I think it was somewhat elevated. I don't have the tax rate straight in front of me, I think it’s in there. So our tax rate came in about 20.1%. So again, it’s factored all and it is going to be a little higher, but it's particularly little higher than this quarter. So this is unique accounting and I think, the key is we look at the overall tax rate.
Vedula Murti: Okay. In terms of the five-year capital plan, the energy infrastructure pile that’s always been like maybe 9% or as I recall, or something like that.
Gale Klappa: I think it’s 11% in our five-year plan.
Vedula Murti: Okay. Clearly you're running way ahead on a pro rata run rate and you alluded to the menu of prospects that you're looking at. Why is it not reasonable for us to expect that number that's currently within the five-year plan will end up having to be elevated at some point in time, either next year when you update CapEx or some other time in between now and then?
Gale Klappa: Well, couple of things, first of all we have – as I mentioned a pretty robust pipeline of opportunity, but we also need to look at a number of other factors including our tax appetite. So we're being very particular and cherry picking only the very best projects that we think have really solid business cases behind them, really solid off-takers for all the win. So there are a number of factors here that we take a look at. The best projects, the tax appetite, essentially what other investment opportunities we might have. So I wouldn't, yes we're way ahead of schedule. We're pleased about that the projects, I think our first rate, but I wouldn't necessarily assume that we're going to blow the doors off just because we've had some early success here. At same time, I'm optimistic that we can fill up that portion of our capital plan with very high quality projects.
Vedula Murti: Okay. And I guess maybe one last thing regarding Peoples Gas obviously Paul asked about some of the current – press and activity? Can you update us on the audit that is going on with regards to I think the period where I think it was partially pre your ownership and partially your ownership for the first year and where the status is of that. And then, when that's concluded then remind me how the next audit gets initiated in terms of review?
Gale Klappa: Sure. But what you're referring to in terms of the current audit in the year end which we were partial owner for the second half of the year, that's the 2015 reconciliation audit that and I would just point out that under the way this program works. There is basically a reconciliation and audit review after the fact every year. So we can expect every year that the commission will exercise its proper oversight over how the program was managed in the prior year. It just so happens that 2015 is still outstanding there is now a proposed from the administrative law judge proposed resolution very modest amount of change that the administrative law recommending and again we weren't in that company for the first half of the year. So we didn't have an opportunity when we didn't own the company to make some of the improvements we've already made. But you can expect an annual audit as normal, that's just how the program works. And I think it's certainly appropriate for there to be an annual audit.
Vedula Murti: So the 16 audit for full-year where – first full-year where you owned it, that will commence upon the completion of the current audit. Correct?
Gale Klappa: I suspect that right, schedule as yet been set, but I suspect. That's right.
Vedula Murti: Okay, thank you very much. And hey good luck for the bucks, okay.
Gale Klappa: Go bucks, thank you Vedula.
Vedula Murti: All right, thank you.
Gale Klappa: All right, folks, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. It's always a blast. If you have any more information or questions free to contact Beth Straka, our direct line 414-221-4639. Thanks everybody. Good bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-12 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's conference call for fourth quarter and year-end 2018 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you all that statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it is my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Executive Chairman of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for calendar yea 2018. First, I would like to make sure that everyone is familiar with the recent changes we made at the most senior level of our organization. The Board of Directors has approved the creation of the Office of the Chair, staffed by for company veterans. We will work together as a team to write the next chapter of our companies growth and service to customers. As of February 1, my title changed to Executive Chairman. I have agreed to stay in this role for the next three years. And as Executive Chair, I will take the lead on Board governance, corporate strategy, investor relations and economic development. I am also delighted that Kevin Fletcher has been promoted to Chief Executive. Kevin is a member of the Office of the Chair and will serve on the WEC Energy Group Board of Directors. Kevin will continue to report directly to me and his main focus will be the direction and performance of our seven customer facing utilities. In addition, the Office of the Chair includes Rick Kuester. Rick continues to serve as Senior Executive Vice President. He will have broad responsibility for the company's capital investment plan, information technology and power generation. Last but not least, Scott Lauber. Scott has been named Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. He will be responsible for all of our finance related functions. This team, as you know, has delivered industry leading results over many years with a clear commitment to reliability, customer satisfaction and shareholder value. Our focus remains on the fundamentals of our business and on developing the next generation of leadership for our company. And now, I would like to introduce the members of our management team who are here in the room with us today. We have Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Guc, our Controller, Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations and of course, Kevin Fletcher, President and CEO of WEC Energy Group. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported full-year 2018 earnings of $3.34 a share. Overall, we are very pleased with our performance during this past year. On virtually every meaningful measure, we made significant progress. We delivered solid earnings and dividend growth. We reached milestones in network reliability, customer satisfaction and company support. We made significant strides upgrading the natural gas infrastructure in Chicago and building a long-term solution for the power supply in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. We were again named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens in America by Corporate Responsibility magazine and we made real progress in reducing our carbon dioxide emissions. In fact, we are on track to exceed our goal of 40% reduction below 2005 levels by the year 2030. Now we expect to achieve that goal by 2023. And we have set our sights on an 80% reduction by the year 2050. Last year alone, we retired nearly 1,500 megawatts of older less efficient coal fired generation. All-in-all, the company continues to perform at a very high level. During 2018, we also identified several promising investments in our infrastructure segment. On December 28, we acquired an 80% interest in the Coyote Ridge Wind Farm that's located in Brookings County, South Dakota. This wind farm is currently being built by Avangrid Renewables and is expected to be in service before the end of 2019. Coyote Ridge will consist of 39 turbines with a capacity of roughly 97 megawatts. We expect to invest approximately $145 million for our 80% share of the wind farm. Unique to this transaction, we will be entitled to 99% of the tax benefits. We paid $60 million in December with the final payment coming due after commercial operation is achieved. Under the tax rules, we expect the wind farm to qualify for production tax credits and for 100% bonus depreciation. The project has a 12 year offtake agreement with Google, Google Energy LLC, for all of the energy produced. Now for a quick update on our previously announced investment in the Bishop Hill III Wind Energy Center. As you recall, in late June, we announced an agreement to acquire 80% in the Bishop Hill II wind farm located in Henry County, Illinois. We closed on that acquisition in late August. Then this past December, we took advantage of an opportunity to increase our equity interest. We now have a 90% ownership interest in Bishop Hill III. As a reminder, this wind farm was developed by Invenergy and was placed into service in May of 2018. It consists of 53 turbines with a capacity of 132 megawatts. In total, our investment is $166 million. The project has a very long-term 22-year offtake agreement with one of our current wholesale customers, WPPI Energy. WPPI, of course, is based here in Wisconsin and has 51 member utilities. Turning quickly now to our investment in the Upstream Wind Energy Center. On August 20, we received approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to purchase an 80% ownership interest in the upstream project. We closed on this transaction just about a month ago on January 10 at a purchase price of $276 million. As a reminder, Upstream is located in Antelope County, Nebraska and consists of 81 turbines with a capacity of approximately 200 megawatts. The project has a long-term 10-year offtake agreement with an affiliate of Allianz, which is an A-rated publicly traded company. We are very encouraged about these investments in renewable energy. We expect the return on these investments to be higher than our regulated returns and specifically we are projecting an unlevered internal rate of return above 8% or in the mid-teens on a levered basis. And we are projecting returns on equity based on a 50-50 capital structure at or above our retail returns. I would remind everyone though that these infrastructure investments make up just a small piece of our overall five-year capital plan. As you know, we have a tax appetite and we are being very selective as we vet future projects. We are only interested in projects that do not change our risk profile and achieve our financial returns. We are also making progress on our quest to add utility-scale solar generation to our portfolio of regulated assets. To refresh your memory, on May 31, 2018, our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary, along with Madison Gas and Electric, filed a joint application with the Wisconsin Commission to purchase 300 megawatts of solar generation at two locations right here in Wisconsin. The Badger Hollow Solar Farm will be located in southwestern part of the state in Iowa County and will be developed by Invenergy. The Two Creeks solar project will be located in the City of Two Rivers in northeastern Wisconsin and actually that's near the Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant. The Two Creeks project is being developed by NextEra. Our Wisconsin Public Service company will own 100 megawatts at each site. We have an expected investment of approximately $260 million. We expect a decision from the Wisconsin Commission in March or early April. And with regulatory approval, the projects could be in commercial service by the end of 2020. As many of you know, over the past few years, utility-scale solar has increased in efficiency and prices have dropped by nearly 70%, making it a cost-effective option now for our customers, the option that also fits well with our summer peak demand curve and with our plan to significantly reduced carbon dioxide emissions. In addition, we recently received approval from the Wisconsin Commission for two renewable energy pilot programs. The Solar Now program, as we call it and the dedicated renewable energy resource pilot could bring another 185 megawatts of clean solar and wind energy to our regulated portfolio of assets. And the solar now program will provide us with valuable insights into operating distributed generation. And now let's switch gears for a bit and take a look at the economy in our region. Wisconsin's published unemployment rate has been 3% or lower since February of last year. And folks, that's the longest stretch of near full employment in state history. The state continues also to witness significant economic development. For example, just in November, Amazon announced plans for a new state-of-the-art fulfillment center in Oak Creek, a suburb of Milwaukee. Amazon plans to invest $200 million in the project, a 2.6 million square feet facility on 75 acres. Amazon expects to employ 1,500 workers at this site. Distribution center is scheduled to open in early 2020 and will feature state-of-the-art robotics to pack, pick and ship small items to customers. And looking just a few miles further south of Milwaukee, Foxconn has made tangible progress on its high-tech manufacturing and research campus. So far, Foxconn has invested $200 million in Wisconsin. They have moved four million cubic yards of dirt so far in the construction of the Wisconn Valley Science & Technology Park. The first building on the campus is now complete. It's a 120,000 square foot multipurpose building. To date, more than 1,000 jobs have been created in support of the project. And Foxconn has also expanded its presence across the state, buying buildings in Green Bay and Eau Claire and Racine, buildings that are expected to become Foxconn Innovation Centers. In addition, we are beginning to see the positive ripple effect that we expected with multiple commercial and industrial announcements spring economic growth within just a few miles of the Foxconn campus. As you know, over the past few weeks, there has been a good deal of speculation about Foxconn's future plans for Wisconsin. Just a few days ago, Foxconn issued a clarifying statement noting that its plans do include a fabrication plant and filling 13,000 jobs. But a number of you have asked, whether a potential change in direction by Foxconn could impact the growth we are forecasting or our capital spending plans. The short answer is, we have remained very conservative in our projections. In fact, we weren't projecting a significant ramp up from Foxconn until 2023. And now, I will turn the call over to Kevin for some additional insight on our operations and our regulatory calendar for 2019. Kevin, all yours.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you Gale. First, I have some good news to share. Our largest subsidiary, We Energies, was named the most reliable electric utility in the Midwest for the eighth year running. That's a testament to our employees and our focus on building and maintaining resilient infrastructure. And our employees did an excellent job keeping our customers warm during the polar vortex last month. We hit record peaks for natural gas distribution our Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan service territories. In addition, we achieved the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the nation in JD Power Survey of large business and industrial customers served by electric utilities across the country. We also were named by Forbes magazine as one of America's best employers for diversity for 2019. Now I would like to briefly review where we stand in our four state jurisdictions. As we look ahead in Wisconsin, we plan to file a general rate case for all of our Wisconsin utilities this spring. We would expect that new retail rates would go into affect in January 2020. As a reminder, customers have benefited from a base rate freeze for the past four years and more recently from tax reform. In fact, after factoring in our fuel cost and federal tax reform, our retail rates in Wisconsin are actually lower today than they were in 2015. Turning to Illinois. We continue to make progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization Plan. As a reminder, this program is critical to providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network that is modern, safe and reliable. For many years to come, we will be replacing outdated natural gas piping, some of which was installed more than a century ago with state-of-the-art materials. This past year, we invested approximately $295 million in the effort and we expect the project to continue through 2035. And now a word about our Minnesota utility, Minnesota Energy Resources. On December 26 of last year, the Commission approved a rate increase of $3.1 million or 1.26% effective January 1, 2018. The order also increased the equity ratio to 50.9% and the allowed return on equity to 9.7%. The Minnesota Attorney General has requested a review of the authorized ROE in the order. Now we will turn to Michigan. We are nearing completion of the new natural gas-fired generation in the upper Peninsula. Engineering, procurement and construction are essentially complete. Startup as well underway and we anticipate commercial operation as planned in the second quarter of this year. And at that time or soon thereafter, we will expect to retire our coal-fired power plant at Presque Isle. We are investing $266 million in 10 reciprocating internal combustion engines or as we call them RICE units. They will be capable of generating a total of 180 megawatts of electricity. These units, which will be owned by one of our Michigan utilities, Upper Michigan Energy Resources, will provide a cost effective long-term power supply for the customers in the upper Peninsula. And with that, I will turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Kevin, thank you very much. The new year is off to a strong start. We are on track to meet our 2019 guidance. If you recall, that's in the range of $3.48 a share to $3.52 a share. This guidance translates to a growth rate between 6.1% and 7.3% of our 2018 base of $3.28 a share. Recall that the $3.28 was the midpoint of our original guidance for 2018. And finally, a word about our dividend policy. At this January meeting, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend to $0.59 per share. That's an increase of 6.8% over the previous rate. The new quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $2.36 a share. This will mark the 16th consecutive year that our company will reward our shareholders with higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We are smack dab in the middle of that range now. So I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And now with details on our 2018 results and our outlook for 2019 is our famous CFO, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thanks Gale. Our 2018 GAAP earnings were $3.34 per share compared to $3.79 per share in 2017. The 2017 results included the impact of tax reform on the company's non-utility assets and assets of the parent company. Excluding this deferred tax benefit, our 2017 adjusted earnings were $3.14 per share. Comparable results for 2018 were $3.34 per share with no adjustments. This represents an increase of $0.20 per share or 6.4% over adjusted earnings for 2017. For rest of my presentation, I will refer exclusively to adjusted earnings for 2017. Our solid 2018 results were largely driven by additional capital investment, effective cost control and higher sales volumes. Earnings benefited from both warmer than normal summer weather and colder than normal winter across all of our jurisdictions. The favorable weather coupled with economic growth drive energy use significantly above our forecasts. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of fourth quarter and full year 2018 and 2017 results. My focus will be on the full year, beginning with operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to page 13 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for 2018 was $1,468 million as compared to operating income of $1,776 million in 2017, a decrease of $308 million. Excluding two tax items, operating income actually increased by $88 million. We have a breakout of these items for your reference on page 9 and 10 of the earnings package. Recall that as part of our Wisconsin settlement, we agreed to apply the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory asset balances. That plan continues to proceed as expected. We now project that the transmission escrow balance [AUDIO GAP] Excludes the impact of the tax items. Starting with the Wisconsin segment. The increase in operating income, net of tax adjustments was $53.1 million. Higher sales volumes drove a $92.1 million increase in margins. This was partially offset by $28.1 million increase in depreciation expense and a $7.4 million increase in operations and maintenance expense. The increase in O&M expense was largely driven by two items. The first item was a $7 million expense related to staff reductions as we continue to streamline process and reshape our generation portfolio. Second, we accrued $64.6 million more in 2018 related to the earnings sharing mechanism we have in place at our Wisconsin Utilities. This was a result of our strong performance in 2018. Excluding these two items, operations and maintenance expense actually decreased $64.2 million driven by the closing of coal plants and effective cost control across the business. In Illinois, operating income increased $5.4 million net of tax adjustments. The increase was primarily driven by our continued investment in the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program. Excluding the impact of tax reform, operating income at our other states segment increased $22.4 million. Higher sales volumes resulting from colder winter weather and customer growth drove a $10 million increase year-over-year. We also benefited from an increase in revenues to the Minnesota rate case. Recall that interim rates have been in place since January 1, 2018. The remaining increase of $4.8 million was attributable to a favorable judgment received on a property tax matter. Turning now to our energy infrastructure segment. Excluding the impact of tax reform, operating income at this segment was up $15.7 million. Bluewater Natural Gas Holding, which was acquired on June 30, 2017, contributed $13.6 million to the increase in operating income. The remaining increase was driven by additional investments at our Power the Future plan. The results also reflect the acquisition of our interest in Bishop Hill in the fall 2018. Recall that a portion of the earnings from this facility come in the form of production tax credits and is recognized as an offset to income tax expense. The operating loss at our corporate and other segment increased by $8.3 million. The change is primarily due to impairment recorded on some nonregulated assets that we inherited from the Integrys acquisition. Combining these changes and excluding the two tax items I discussed, operating income increased $88 million. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $136.7 million, a decrease of $17.6 million as compared to 2017. Excluding the impact from the tax reform, our equity earnings increased by $16.7 million. Higher earnings were driven by continued capital investment and the absence of a FERC audit expense that was recorded in 2017. Other income net decreased by $3.4 million year-over-year. Our net interest expense increased $29.4 million, primarily driven by higher debt balances related to our continued capital investment and slightly higher interest rates. Our adjusted consolidated income tax expense decreased $420 million. As previously discussed, lower tax expense was driven by the impact of tax reform and the flow through of tax repairs. The effective tax rate was 13.8% in 2018. Excluding the benefits of tax repairs, our effective tax rate would have been 24%. Looking forward to 2019, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 10.5% and 11.5%. Excluding the benefits of tax repairs, we expect our 2019 effective tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. We are projecting a lower rate in 2019 because of production tax credits from our infrastructure investments. We now expect to be a partial taxpayer in 2020. Looking now at the cash flow statement at page 8 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $367 million during 2018. Stronger earnings contributed to the increase in cash provided by operating activities. Our capital expenditures were actually $2.1 billion for 2018, $156 million increase from 2017, reflecting continued investment in our core business. In 2018, our FFO to debt was 20.7% due to strong cash flow as previously discussed. Looking forward, we continue to expect FFO to debt to be in the range of 16% to 18%. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We paid $697 million in common dividends during 2018, an increase of $41 million over 2017 which reflect the increase to the annualized dividend level in 2018. Turning now to sales. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of 2018, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 19,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis on pages 16 and 17 of the earnings package. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 2.6% from 2017 and on a weather normalized basis, retail deliveries were up 1.2%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 9.1% versus 2017. This excludes gas used for power generation. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 4.3% on a weather normalized basis. Overall electric and natural gas volumes were above our expectations for 2018. And I will briefly touch on our 2019 sales forecast for the state of Wisconsin, our largest segment. We are forecasting a slight increase of 0.3% in weather normalized retail electric deliveries excluding the iron ore mine. We project Wisconsin weather normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation, to increase by 0.8%. And finally, let's look at the first quarter of 2019 guidance. In the first quarter last year, we earned $1.23 per share. The first quarter of 2018 was helped by approximately $0.04 of positive fuel recoveries related to market conditions. Taking this factor into account, we project first quarter 2019 earnings to be in a range of the $1.23 per share to $1.25 per share. This assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. With that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. I might add, the Milwaukee Bucks have the best record in the NBA. So, operator, we are ready to rock and open it up now for the question-and-answer portion of our call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Praful. How are you? How are you today?
Praful Mehta: Good. Thank you for taking the question. And I appreciate your comments on Foxconn. I wouldn't get into that because you have already addressed it on the call. I wanted to get a little bit more specific in terms of that cash tax comment that you made earlier and the fact that you will become partial cash taxpayer in 2020. I was looking at the cash flow statement and there is a meaningful deferred tax addback right now that is benefiting cash flows and operating cash flows. How does that cash flow get impacted as you move towards more of being a cash taxpayer? And does that mean any pressure on your credit metrics in that 2020, 2021 timeframe?
Gale Klappa: Well, a great question and I will ask Scott to address it. First of all, though, just to kind of frame the answer in context for you. We are saying now that we are projecting to be a partial cash taxpayer in 2020, but that assumes no additional investments in the infrastructure segment that would provide in essence additional tax credits. So that's a snapshot in time today just taking into account the infrastructure investments that we have already announced. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. That's exactly it, Gale. And when you look at it, if you look at the cash flow statement, the cash flow statement is never as straightforward as you would hope. There is a lot of different pieces. The money we are saving on taxes, some of it is flowing against regulatory assets, et cetera. So we didn't pay cash taxes in 2017 or 2018 and right now we don't expect in 2019. And like Gale said, a partial in 2020. So, some of these cash taxes, the deferred taxes, that's a long unwind as we look across it as we work into a rate case.
Gale Klappa: Some of that unwind goes out 15 to 20 years.
Praful Mehta: Got it. So you don't foresee in the 2021 timeframe any pressure on credit that would, given your high growth and your investment, is there any kind of need for equity is what I am trying to get that, I guess, through the credit question?
Scott Lauber: No. And that's why we are being very diligent on these infrastructure projects that pushes out to 2020 now.
Gale Klappa: But no additional plans for equity. Period, end of story.
Praful Mehta: Okay. Great. Always good to clarify. I guess, the other question I wanted to get was, you had this slide where you talked about load growth and this was in your January update. And you seemed to have like a higher load growth projection on slide 25 of that deck in that 2022, 2023 timeframe of 1.2% to 1.5%, both on the electric and gas side. Just wanted to understand what's driving that increase? Is it the industrial load that you are seeing? Or is it something else that is driving that load growth? And how would that correlate to the 5% to 7% growth that you are talking about more generally on the earnings side?
Gale Klappa: Okay. Great question. Let me try to give the two or three pieces to the answer. And the first is that I mentioned that we are already seeing a significant amount of ripple effect economic development, partially from the Foxconn investments that are going on. But also, if you recall, we have had other major investments announced just in the last 24 months. In addition to Foxconn, the German candy manufacturer, Haribo is coming in with one of the largest confectionery plants in North America. They are going to be breaking ground later this year. So we will see some uptick from that development later on in our forecast period. I mentioned Amazon, which will be cranking up in late 2020. Milwaukee Electric Tool is just adding another huge expansion. And then in the fall this past year, we announced. Komatsu, a major mining manufacturing company is going to build a huge manufacturing complex just south of downtown Milwaukee in the Harbor District. When you put that together with the other economic development projects that some smaller also very meaningful that we are already seeing in the pipeline and have been announced and those factors are driving an uptick in our projection of sales growth for the latter part of this five-year forecast period. Scott, anything to add to that?
Scott Lauber: No. That's exactly it. It takes a while because these are just starting construction.
Gale Klappa: And all of that will still, we believe, keep us in that 5% to 7% earnings per share growth.
Praful Mehta: Got you. That's great. Much appreciated, guys. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Afternoon, Michael. How are you doing today?
Michael Weinstein: Good. How are you doing?
Gale Klappa: We are sitting here and stuck in a snow belt. Have got a foot of snow out there.
Michael Weinstein: I had a question about the infrastructure business. I think in the past you said you wanted to grow that to about 3% of the total asset base. Could you just remind us what is the goal and timeframe for that goal and where you stand now versus that goal?
Gale Klappa: Well, what we talked about really when we said about 3% of the asset base is that it's a small percentage of our total five-year capital plan. So in the five-year capital plan, in essence, we have got about just over $1 billion budgeted for this particular segment of capital spending. Basically, the one we just announced, the Coyote Ridge project, is the project that would have been a 2019 project, that's already done. We already have the contracts signed. The project will come in line. We come online, we believe, towards the end of 2019. So we are a good ways along with Bishop Hill, with the Upstream and with Coyote Ridge. We are, I would say, about 40% toward that goal, Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. Gale, you are exactly right. We have all the projects announced that we have in our capital spending through 2019 already. And right now, we are looking at 3% was really in the five-year plan that we were talking. And remember, we really look at that Bluewater Gas Storage as really extension of our Wisconsin business, because these are all Wisconsin utilities.
Gale Klappa: And Michael, as I have mentioned to you, we can be, given our competitive advantage, with our tax appetite, with the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to use the production tax credits, we are in a very competitive position. So as we set future projects, we have a very really robust list of future projects to choose from. And as I mentioned, we will be very selective. We are only going to invest in this segment in projects that we have an incredibly high confidence level in terms of not changing our risk profile but with offtake agreements with some of the best, most robust companies in the country.
Michael Weinstein: Right. Understood. In fact, I think if I recall, you had previously said as being non cash taxpayer through 2019 now through the end of 2019. This is a slightly extended period, right? But you are going to be a noncash taxpayer?
Gale Klappa: That's exactly correct. So as soon as we announced the last deal here, that moved us to 2020.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. So I mean, the lack of the ability of these projects to avoid equity reduces, as long as they are not harming the credit rating or putting pressure on the balance sheet in any kind of way, are really at a lower cost of capital, right?
Gale Klappa: That actually, in an interesting way, they are helpful to our FFO to debt calculation because of the bonus depreciation. Obviously, the cash comes back from these investments very, very quickly.
Michael Weinstein: Right, understood. All right. Thank you very that much.
Gale Klappa: Great. Thank you Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats so far on your Milwaukee Bucks. We will see. Season has got a long way to go.
Gale Klappa: We just got the big dude from your Pelicans.
Michael Lapides: You know what. Let's not go there. As a Grizzlies fan originally and turned into a Pelicans fan, I am just in depression land when it comes to the NBA right now. And I live in New York, which makes it even worse. Real quick, where do you think you are tracking for the next one or two years on your CapEx plan original target that you laid out around the EEI timeframe? Do you think you are tracking ahead? Do you think you are tracking in line? Do you think you are tracking below? And it's different than where you originally laid out. I know it's not been very long since you put that out there. But if it's different, where and how?
Gale Klappa: No, I think it's a good question, Michael. And I think the honest answer is, we are exactly where we thought we would be in terms of the capital spending plan over the five-year period. We are on track. The projects we had identified for 2019, they are all underway. Again, remember we refreshed our capital plan back in October, November. Very little has changed. We are right on target where we want to be. Kevin? Scott?
Scott Lauber: Probably the only one is our last announcement on the infrastructure which filled in our 2019 bucket. So we are going to be more selective as we go forward.
Gale Klappa: Yes. But in terms of all of our regulated capital spending plans, right on target. Everything is exactly as we hope they would be.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And another question. I know no one likes to litigate rate cases on earnings conference calls. But as we think about this year from a regulatory construct and past perspective, is there anything else to think about besides the Wisconsin rate cases? And do you see these rate cases as being significant items in the course of the company? Would you see these relative to historical trends or other companies in the state or the region as being kind of less urgent or less impactful relative to what you see elsewhere around the U.S.?
Gale Klappa: Oh gosh. compared what we see elsewhere around the U.S., rate cases in Wisconsin are generally more genteel, if you will. And as we have said, we would expect the rate filings in Wisconsin this year and I will ask Kevin to comment in a second, the rate filings this year to be pretty modest in their asks. So I don't see a ton of drama surrounding these particular rate cases. Kevin?
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I would say you summed it very well. We are on the process of evaluating our rate case and our options now. And as you said, I think it would be in line with inflation and nothing major there.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys. Much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: You are welcome, Michael. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Sullivan with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Greetings Michael. How are you doing today?
Michael Sullivan: I am doing great. How are guys all doing?
Gale Klappa: We are doing well.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Maybe just one quick follow-up to start on the rate case side of things. I just wanted to clarify the reason you are filing in Wisconsin is because you were required per the last settlement agreement? Or is there actually is a need would you have filed otherwise anyways?
Gale Klappa: Well, to directly answer your question, there is a specific order point in the last rate agreement, the last rate settlement that requires us to file a rate case, I believe, by the April 2 of 2019. So there is a regulatory requirement. Would we have filed anyway? Maybe, maybe not. But clearly it will be a good time to really, I mean there a number of tweaks that we think will be helpful in terms of rate design, in terms of a number of other accounting issues, et cetera, et cetera. So I don't know that we wouldn't have filed anyway. But it really is a moot point in that there is an order requiring us to file by April.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. And then just a separate one on the O&M side of things, obviously, a pretty big driver again in 2018 for you all. Just curious how we should think about that maybe on a normalized percentage basis? And then maybe what you are targeting for this year on the cost cutting side?
Gale Klappa: Sure. I would be happy to. Let me first explain the backdrop and that is in 2019, we will reap a full year worth of savings from the closure of the Pleasant Prairie Power Plant. Remember, a large coal-fired plant of that kind requires very significant amount of annual operating and maintenance costs. Wisconsin Public Service closed the Pulliam Power Plant. There was a jointly owned unit called Edgewater, a jointly owned with other Wisconsin utilities that closed in the fall as well. And then we expect as and Kevin mentioned the new power supply, the RICE units that should go commercial in the spring of this year and that will allow us to retire the Presque Isle power plant up in the upper Peninsula of Michigan, way up north. You put all of those O&M savings together and we expect another leg down in operation and maintenance costs in 2019 compared to 2018. And Kevin, I am thinking in the 3% to 4% range.
Kevin Fletcher: That's correct. Yes. The ballpark that we are looking at. Very similar to what we did this year.
Gale Klappa: Fine. That's exactly it.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. I appreciate the color.
Gale Klappa: You are welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. your next question comes from Vedula Murti with Avon Capital. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Rock 'n roll, Vedula.
Vedula Murti: Hi Gale. How are you?
Gale Klappa: I am good. How are you doing?
Vedula Murti: I am okay.
Gale Klappa: Vedula, I always ask you that and I never get wonderful and award-winning.
Vedula Murti: Okay. Wonderful and award-winning, aye.
Gale Klappa: Excellent.
Vedula Murti: Anyway. Let's see, a few things. One, if I am not mistaken, I think I saw something relating to the Illinois gas utilities with the main replacement program that you have been discussing and that the ICC staff may have some issues in terms of some investments or expenses that they have some questions about. Can you just kind of elaborate on that a little bit?
Gale Klappa: Sure. I would be happy to, Vedula. The matter you are referring to relates to the capital investment that was made for the system modernization during calendar year 2015. And if you recall, our acquisition of Integrys, which included the Peoples Gas Company, took place, I think we closed on June 29, 2015. So as the Commission looks at retrospectively the prudency of the program and how it was run, how the investment program was run in 2015, remember we have the company for six months, the prior management had the company for six months. And essentially what the Commission staff is saying is that they don't think the program was run as efficiently as it should have been certainly prior to the acquisition. And that's what the issue is. So we will work our way through that. I am not overly alarmed. It's just a matter of getting through this particular process. And this is an annual review, which is part of the regulatory compact there. So it's something we are very familiar with. But it really relates to the 2015 investment in which we only had six months of operation of Peoples Gas.
Vedula Murti: Does that mean that has 2016 and 2017 already been reviewed and has basically been resolved? Or is there going to be reviewed going forward?
Gale Klappa: It will be reviewed in the future. Right now they are focused on 2015.
Vedula Murti: Okay.
Gale Klappa: But remember, Vedula, we have made very significant improvements in the management of that program.
Vedula Murti: Okay. No, I understand that. My second question kind of ties to what Praful was asking about in terms of the uptick on the sales forecast. To the extent, I understand that it seems to tie into when you would expect a lot of Foxconn and all the ancillaries to basically be pretty much up and running or at a position where they are fully deployed or mature, whatever term you want to use. When I think look at my math, it was about roughly a little over $4 billion, I think, at that time of gross margin between Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas, a 1.2% uptick versus underlying is about $40 million to $50 million in terms of gross margin or almost $0.10 a share compounding. So to the extent, just wondering about that potential variability of that sales forecast, given the leverage that it would show in the backend and as it ties into being able to continue the 5% to 7% that you have been able to do?
Gale Klappa: Well, let me take a shot at that and I will also ask Scott to chime in and Kevin, if you have anything as well. First of all, let me reemphasize that the economic growth we are seeing, yes, Foxconn is a significant piece of it but it's a lot more than Foxconn. When you see the growth in the corridor between Milwaukee and Chicago, it is significant, with or without Foxconn. In fact, for example the polar vortex days we had here, just this last week, clearly are pointing to the need for some additional capital in that corridor just for natural gas consumption and reliability without Foxconn consuming one firm today. So my sense is, yes, we are ramping up just a bit our sales forecast for the outer years of the five-year plan. But recall that that will all get factored into rates. So I think you may be and Scott if you will comment on this, I think you may be thinking a little more granularly than you should be about the gross margin impact. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes, when you look at the volumes in that sales forecast, I think when we talked at EEI, these are the larger industrial customers that have come in, the Amazons, the Foxconns, the Haribos that the lower margin when you look at industrial classes, those are the lower margin classes. So the margin isn't quite there. But what we did put in the forecast is really put known projects out there. So we don't know where the additional jobs, that will be additional housing or the secondary suppliers. So we did not add that into the forecast whether it be the capital to put those in or the volumes associated with it. But the volumes here are really shown more in that industrial segment and I would expect in a few years after that would start seeing them in smaller groups, those volumes coming in. But it all does get worked into rate cases that allow us to continue to keep rates where they are at.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I would just add that that certainly has been a growth part of our service territory and with that in any economic development project, like you mentioned the multiplier effect is going to be there. So that also is what's factored in as we look forward into the future.
Vedula Murti: Go ahead.
Gale Klappa: I am sorry. And Vedula, to Kevin's point, we have already seen two big announcements about healthcare facilities, hospitals and medical complexes being built within miles of the Foxconn campus. Just last week there was an announcement of a new hotel and a new distribution center and a new brew pub, by the way. So you know, you need to get out here.
Vedula Murti: I will definitely do that in the summertime. One last thing. When you referred to the utility-scale solar, my recollection is that the new Governor is particularly interested in utility-scale solar as part of renewables and I presume that the filing that you are going to have asking for approval is simply step one of a more developed program going forward. I am wondering if you can tell us what your sense is how do you think that program was developed in terms of further utility-scale by rate base solar development?
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, as you know, one step at the time. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we should receive a Commission decision on the utility-scale solar projects that we have put in front of the Commission for approval. We expect a decision certainly by end of March or early April. Then as we have developed our internal plans, depending upon that approval and I am very optimistic about that, you could see us, as a next step, submitting a request for utility-scale solar for Wisconsin Electric as the one that's in front of the Commission today is for our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary based in Green Bay. And then I mentioned, we just received approval for a couple of pilot programs that are pretty sizable and it could bring up to 185 megawatts of additional wind and solar to our regulated portfolio. So one step at a time. Wisconsin Public Service approval, up and coming. We trust then we are going to work hard on these two pilot projects that the Commission approved before the end of last year. And, potentially, you will see a filing also for Wisconsin Electric for utility-scale solar.
Vedula Murti: And those are reflected in the five-year forecast for capital and growth?
Gale Klappa: That is absolutely right.
Vedula Murti: Thank can very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotia Howard. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Afternoon, Andrew. How are you?
Andrew Weisel: Hi. Very good. Thank you. Just a few questions on the regulatory front to elaborate on your comments. You mentioned a little bit of the rate design and tariff things that you may want to reconsider with this upcoming rate case in addition to the revenue increase. Can you elaborate what specifically, as far as rate design, might you be looking to improve? And well, I will leave it there for now. What rate design issues are on your mind?
Gale Klappa: I would just say, watch this space. We are obviously putting final touches together on our plans. But for example, there is a real-time pricing program that the Commission approved couple of years ago that has to get reviewed again. We think that's something that the Commission will take a hard look at and we will have some ideas. So that's one good example. And that's been a very popular program with our larger industrial customers. So that's just one example of a rate design type of an issue that we will have a good discussion with the Commission. But watch this space.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Fair enough. Then, any changes to the Commission you have seen? It's only not even halfway through February, but with the new Governor and potential changes to the Commission, the staff policies, mentality, anything that you foresee coming up in the rate case that might be a little different than the last few times you have gone through?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think it's pretty clear what areas of emphasis we will be looking at in the rate case and the staff and the Commissioners would be looking at. I think my honest thought at this point is essentially steady as she goes.
Andrew Weisel: Great. Then just last one. I am sorry?
Gale Klappa: No. I was just asking Kevin or Scott if they had any other thoughts.
Kevin Fletcher: No. I agree with that, Gale. Nothing else to add.
Andrew Weisel: Good. Consistent with that will be a good thing in your state. My last question is you have been on a pretty steady two-year cycle for the rate cases as far as filings. Should we see the big pickup in demand with industrial and the trickle down to residential and commercial? Might there be opportunity to have less frequent rate cases? Or do you think this two-year cycle is going to be continuing for the foreseeable future?
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, remember, we have had a rate freeze for four years. So we really have, in some ways, deviated from the every other year rate case cycle. I will say, historically, the Commission has wanted all of the Wisconsin utilities to file a case every two years. Whether that approach is still something the Commission wants, we will have to see. Because obviously, we will have a new Chair of the Commission here by March and there is a new staff director, et cetera. So I would guess, though, because the Wisconsin Commission has been so consistent in it's approach over the years, I would guess that we probably will continue on an every two-year cycle.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Gale Klappa: Hi Paul.
Paul Ridzon: Gale, how are you?
Gale Klappa: We are great. How are you doing?
Paul Ridzon: Just a quick clarification question. You said O&M should be down 3% to 4%. What's the normalized number to bake into that?
Gale Klappa: Well, let's see. I think the day-to-day O&N that we manage, if I remember correctly and Scott, if I am off here, please correct me, that's because it's an easy number to remember, I think, for 2018, our day-to-day O&M expenses totaled $1,234 million, 1-2-3-4. So that's the base on which we are talking about to reduce maybe 3% to 4%. Scott, am I correct?
Scott Lauber: Yes. You are exactly correct. And we break down the O&M when the 10-K comes out and we break it out into more detail there because there is other items that are regulatory in nature that are amortizations that come to the total number. So what Gale is quoting is that day-to-day O&M.
Paul Ridzon: And I think earlier, can you just review some of the things you said were unusual in the 2018 O&M?
Gale Klappa: Unusual in the 2018 O&M. Well, you have got to think about, there is some confusion about where tax repairs are impacting, that's a biggie.
Scott Lauber: So when you look at the O&M in the earnings packet, you try a breakout how the tax repairs are pulled out of those ahead of it. I think what you are talking about is, we really only had a part of a year of our retirement of the one coal plant in 2018 and now the Pleasant Prairie Coal Plant will have a full year next year. And this year, in the second quarter, we expect that that coal plant in the upper Peninsula, Presque Isle, to close and there should be savings for that. So those are the two unique items we talked about earlier in the call.
Paul Ridzon: There was nothing in sharing?
Scott Lauber: The sharing is a separate line item, correct, the $67 million of sharing this year.
Gale Klappa: Very significant customer benefit to come in 2019 because of the company's performance last year.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Thank you so much. Well, it looks like that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any questions, feel free to call Beth Straka, 414-221-4639. Thanks everybody. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc. Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Vedula Murti - Avon Capital Andrew Stuart Levi - ExodusPoint Capital Management LP Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's conference call for third quarter 2018 results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you all that statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our 2018 third quarter results. But first, a quick personnel update. As we announced earlier this month, Allen Leverett, who has been on medical leave since suffering a stroke last October, has resigned from active duty with the company. Allen will continue to serve on our Board of Directors, and I'm delighted that Allen will continue to bring his insight and his experience to our deliberations. In light of Allen's decision to resign, our board has elected Kevin Fletcher as the new President of WEC Energy Group. Kevin has more than 40 years of experience in the energy industry, most recently as President of We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service, our largest subsidiaries. His main focus will be on the operating and financial performance of our seven customer-facing utilities and he will report directly to me. I have had the privilege of knowing and working with Kevin for the past 25 years. With his experience in engineering, operations, customer service, and economic development, and of course, a strong focus on financial discipline, Kevin will provide great continuity for our organization going forward. For those of you who haven't met Kevin, he will be on hand with us at the EEI meetings in San Francisco and we're both looking forward to seeing you there. And now I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have: Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Bill Guc, our Controller; Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $0.74 a share. This compared to $0.68 a share for the third quarter last year. Our strong performance was principally driven by three factors: first, higher demand for electricity and natural gas, reflecting a robust economy across the region; warmer-than-normal summer temperatures; and our continued focus on efficiency and cost control throughout our operations. Scott will provide you with more details on the quarter in just a few minutes. But first, let's take a brief look at the economic conditions right here in the heartland. Wisconsin's unemployment rate has been at 3% or lower for the past eight months; that's the longest stretch of near-full employment in state history. The state has also witnessed significant growth in the manufacturing sector in the past year and I believe there are even greater opportunities ahead. For example, in late September, Komatsu Mining announced plans for a new development here in Milwaukee. Komatsu, as many of you know, a global leader in heavy construction and mining equipment, has agreed to develop 43 acres for a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility and a new corporate office. Komatsu will invest $300 million in the project, which will have a defining impact on Milwaukee's Harbor District. Site is expected to be eventually housing more than 1,000 workers. And looking just south of Milwaukee, four months have now passed since Foxconn's official groundbreaking for the Wisconn Valley Science and Technology Park. In that time, a tremendous amount of progress has been made on this $10 billion high-tech manufacturing campus. Every day now brings an average of 400 workers to the site, about 3.5 million cubic yards of soil have been excavated and work has begun on the first building. The wall panels for that building were designed and assembled right here in Wisconsin. And to-date, more than 90% of all the contracts for the Foxconn development have been awarded to Wisconsin-based companies. As some of you may know, Foxconn is also planning to expand its reach in Wisconsin with innovation centers in Milwaukee, Green Bay, Eau Claire and Racine. We're just beginning folks to see the tremendous catalytic effect of Foxconn's investment plans for the region. And next, I'd like to touch on our WEC Energy growth plan and the investment opportunities we see unfolding over the next several years. You may recall that our capital budget, which includes our share of American Transmission's capital spending, was $13.4 billion for the five-year period 2018 through 2022. Today, we're announcing an updated five-year capital forecast for the years 2019 through 2023. Our new capital investment plan stands at $14.1 billion, an increase of $700 million over the previous five-year plan. We look forward to sharing all the details of our $14.1 billion plan with you at the upcoming EEI conference. You may have seen though from our earnings packet that we released this morning, we have growing opportunities in our natural gas delivery and energy infrastructure segments. Overall, I would say that our investment plan is exactly what you would expect it to be: solid low-risk projects, highly executable with no big bets. Today, we're also reaffirming our long-term earnings growth rate of 5% to 7%. And we are updating the base for that growth rate. The new base is $3.28 a share. That's the midpoint of our original guidance for 2018. So, folks when you put all the pieces together, our new capital plan should support an earnings per share growth rate in the low 6% range. Switching gears now to our current capital projects. We're making real progress across-the-board on our electric and gas network upgrades, our generation projects and on our non-utility infrastructure segment. As you'll recall in late June, we announced an agreement to acquire an 80% ownership interest in the Bishop Hill III Wind Energy Center. That's located in Henry County, Illinois. We received approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on August 29. And two days later, we closed on the acquisition. Then in early October, we took advantage of an opportunity to increase our equity interest by an additional 10%. Pending FERC approval, we will have a 90% ownership interest in this wind farm. As a reminder, this wind facility was developed by Invenergy and was placed into service this past May. It consists of 53 General Electric turbines with a capacity of 132 megawatts. In total, our investment is expected to be $166 million. The project has a long-term 22-year offtake agreement with one of our current wholesale customers, WPPI Energy, so this investment is really a logical extension of our core wholesale power business. And now for a brief update on our planned investment in the Upstream Wind Energy Center. On June 15, we filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for approval to purchase an 80% ownership interest in the Upstream project. This wind farm is located in Antelope County, Nebraska. It consists of 81 GE wind turbines with a capacity of approximately 200 megawatts. Our purchase price is expected to be $280 million. And again, that purchase price, the $280 million, is reflected in our infrastructure segment in our new five-year plan. The project has a long-term 10-year offtake agreement with an affiliate of Allianz, which is an A-rated publicly traded company. We expect to close on the purchase in early 2019 after construction is complete. Under the new tax rules, our original investments in these two wind farms qualify for production tax credits and 100% bonus depreciation. We expect the return on these investments to be higher than our regulated returns. Specifically, we're projecting an unlevered internal rate of return above 8% or in the mid-teens on a levered basis. And we're projecting returns on equity based on a 50:50 capital structure at or above our retail returns. We're also making progress on our quest to add utility-scale solar generation to our portfolio of regulated assets. To refresh your memory, on May 31, our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary, along with Madison Gas and Electric, filed a joint application with the Wisconsin Commission to purchase 300 megawatts of solar generation at two locations. The Badger Hollow Solar Farm will be located in southwestern Wisconsin, in Iowa County. It will be developed by Invenergy. The Two Creeks project will be located in the city of Two Rivers in Northeastern Wisconsin near the Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant. The Two Creeks project is being developed by NextEra. Our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary will own 100 megawatts at each site, with an investment of approximately $260 million. Pending regulatory approvals, we expect construction for both projects to begin next spring, with commercial operation by the end of 2020. Over the past few years, utility-scale solar has increased in efficiency and prices have dropped by nearly 70%, making it a cost-effective option for our customers, an option that also fits well with our summer peak demand curve and with our plan to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Our investments in zero-carbon generation will support our aggressive long-term goal to reduce CO2 emissions by 80% below 2005 levels by the year 2050. Turning now to Illinois, as I've said before, the Peoples Gas system modernization program is critical, providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network that is modern, safe, and reliable. We're on track to invest approximately $270 million in the effort this year. The overall project is now approximately 26% complete. And now a word about our Minnesota utility, in October of last year, Minnesota Energy Resources filed a rate case with the Public Utilities Commission. Interim rates are currently in place, and hearings in the case were held in mid-July. We expect the commission decision by year-end. Next, we'll turn to Michigan. As a reminder, we obtained final regulatory approval last October for the construction of new natural gas-fired generation in the Upper Peninsula. Engineering and procurement are essentially complete now, and construction stands at 65% complete. Our plan is to bring the new units into commercial service in the second quarter of 2019. And at that time or soon thereafter, we expect to retire our coal-fired power plant at Presque Isle. We're investing $266 million in 10 reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them, RICE units. They're capable of generating a total of 180 megawatts of electricity. These units, which will be owned by one of our Michigan utilities, Upper Michigan Energy Resources, will provide a cost-effective long-term power supply for customers in the Upper Peninsula. And you can say it with me, we're on time and on budget. And finally, a reminder about our dividend. At our January meeting this past winter, the Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend to $0.5525 per share. That's an increase of 6.25% over the previous dividend rate. And as is typical, our board will assess our dividend plans for 2019 coming up in December. And now with details on our third quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2018, here's our Chief Financial Officer, the famous Scott Lauber.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Gale. Our 2018 third quarter earnings of $0.74 per share were $0.06 per share higher than the third quarter of 2017. These favorable results were largely driven by higher sales volumes and continued effective cost control. Warmer than normal summer temperatures coupled with strong growth in the region drove electricity use above our forecasts. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of third quarter and year-to-date results for 2018 and 2017. My focus will be on the quarter, beginning with operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense, and income taxes. Referring to page 9 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the third quarter of 2018 was $303 million compared to $392 million during the third quarter of 2017, a decrease of $89 million. Excluding two tax items totaling $93 million, operating income actually increased $4 million. As previously discussed on the last two calls, the first tax item reflects the benefit of tax repairs, which was part of our 2017 Wisconsin rate settlement. And the second item relates to the federal tax legislation. We have a breakout of these items for your reference on page 7 and 8 of the earnings package. Recall that as part of our Wisconsin settlement, we agreed to apply the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory asset balances. The plan is proceeding as expected. And then regarding the benefit of tax reform, we currently project that the transmission escrow balance at Wisconsin Electric will be reduced from approximately $220 million to $40 million or less by the end of 2019. As of September 30, 2018, the balance stands at about $125 million, nearly $100 million reduction from the year-end 2017. My segment update will focus on the $4 million increase in operating income, as shown on page 9 of the packet. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, the increase in operating income net of tax adjustments was $6.5 million. Higher sales volumes drove approximately $34 million increase in margins. This was partially offset by a $20.2 million increase in operation and maintenance expense, and a $7 million increase in depreciation expense. The increase in operations and maintenance expense was largely driven by two items. The first item was a $7.9 million expense related to staff reductions as we continue to streamline processes and reshape our generation portfolio. Second, we accrued $15 million related to the earnings sharing mechanism we have in place at our Wisconsin utilities. This was a result of our strong performance year-to-date. In Illinois, operating income increased $800,000 net of tax adjustments. The increase was primarily driven by our continued investment in the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program. Recall that this program is necessary to replace approximately 2,000 miles of cast iron pipes in practically one of every two streets in Chicago. Excluding the impact of tax reform, operating loss at our other states segment increased $4 million largely due to the timing of expenses in the quarter. Turning to our non-utility energy infrastructure segment, excluding the impacts of tax reform, operating income at this segment increased by $800,000, mostly due to additional investments in our Power the Future plants. As a reminder, this segment also contains the operation at Bluewater Natural Gas Holding, which was acquired on June 30, 2017 and one month of operation at Bishop Hill III Wind Energy Center. The operating loss at our corporate and other segment increased to $400,000 in the third quarter of 2018. Combining these changes and excluding the two tax items I discussed, operating income increased $4 million. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $33.7 million, a decrease of $5.5 million as compared to the third quarter of last year. Excluding the $8.4 million impact from tax reform, our equity earnings increased $2.9 million driven by continued capital investment. Other income net increased by $8.3 million quarter-over-quarter. This was largely due to decrease in the non-service cost component of our pension and benefit plans. Historically, the non-service cost component of these plans were reflected in operations and maintenance expense. However, a new accounting rule required it to be reclassified to other income in both years. Our net interest expense increased $8.2 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by continued capital investments and slightly higher interest rates. Our consolidated income taxes decreased by $113 million. As previously discussed, lower tax expense was driven by the impact of tax reform and the flow-through of tax repairs. We expect our effective income tax rate will be between 14% and 15% this year. Excluding the benefits related to tax repairs, we expect the effective tax rate would be between 24% and 25%. These are generally in line with the expectations we provided on the last quarter call. Consistent with last quarter, we expect to be a cash taxpayer by the end of 2019. Looking at the cash flow statement on page 6 of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities increased $263 million during the first nine months of 2018. Recall that we made $100 million contribution to our pension plan in 2017. Higher earnings, as well as the decline in working capital, contributed to the increase in cash provided by operating activities. Our capital expenditures totaled approximately $1.5 billion during the first nine months of 2018, a $181 million increase compared to the same period in 2017 as we continue to execute our capital plan. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 52.3% at the end of the third quarter, a decrease from the 52.5% at the end of 2017. We continue to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 subordinated notes as common equity. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares and we continue to expect FFO-to-debt to be in the range of 16% to 18%. We paid $523 million in common dividends during the first nine months of 2018, an increase of $30.6 million over the same period last year. Higher dividends were driven by the 6.25% increase in the dividend level compared to the first nine months of 2017. Moving to sales, we continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of September, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 15,000 more natural gas customers than they did the same time a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas volumes are shown on a comparative basis on page 13, 14 of the earnings package. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 6% for the quarter and on a weather-normalized basis, retail deliveries were up 2.6%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 3.5% versus the third quarter of 2017. This excludes gas used for power generation. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 3.3% on a weather-normalized basis. Weather-normalized electric and natural gas volumes were above our expectations for the first nine months of 2018. Turning now to our earnings forecasts. We are reaffirming our 2018 earnings guidance of $3.32 a share. As always, this projection assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. And as a reminder, our Wisconsin utilities are subject to an earnings sharing mechanism. I'm looking forward to seeing many of you at EEI and sharing details of our capital plan, which should continue to support our ability to grow efficiently the business. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Scott, thank you very much. We're still standing and we're focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the conference call.
Operator: Now, we will take your questions. Your first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi Julien, how are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey good, good afternoon. Congratulations.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, sir.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Absolutely. I should add my congrats to Kevin there as well. So perhaps with that, I'd love to hear a little bit more on the CapEx plan articulated here. I know you addressed this, specifically the returns profile already. Just curious is that ROE change over time? Or is that pretty consistent as far as the criteria that you're employing and as best you understand the investments that you've already committed to that it's pretty consistent at that 50-50 at or above utility returns? And then also within that, if you could comment, have you – what portion of the energy infrastructure CapEx that you've delineated have you already sort of identified? I know that you've got at least one project named already thus far.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, very good questions, Julien. Thank you. First of all, in terms of the return criteria that we're using, let me back up and say that, I view this whole infrastructure segment that we've introduced over the last 24 months really as a sign of how strong the company is. As you know, we're one of the few companies in the industry that does not have to issue equity to finance our growth, that has a tax appetite and we're seeing – because of just the backdrop in the industry I believe, we're seeing very, very good assets that we're able to take a look at and able to be very discerning in terms of the particular projects that we would actually bring into the segment. So long story short, certainly cash returns, IRRs and ROEs are all an integral part of how we look at these projects. And I do see the projects when we talk about at or above our retail rate of return for these projects, we're really looking at an average return over the course of the life of the projects. So that's, I hope, answering one of your questions. In many cases, the returns are somewhat higher in the early years, but when we look at this, we're looking at consistent returns on average across the life of the assets. And then in terms of the projects that we already have basically underway, you remember last year, we closed on the Bluewater Natural Gas storage asset. And then this year, we added the Bishop Hill III, booked first at 80% ownership interest, now at 90% ownership interest, and we're also contractually committed to bring onboard next year after construction is complete the Upstream Wind Energy Center in Antelope County, Nebraska. So in essence, one way to look at it is with Upstream coming on-stream next year, about 20% of the segment amount for the next five years is already in-house, if you will. And we have a number of projects in the pipeline that we're looking at. Some of which I think will come to fruition, but we have a very good robust pipeline of projects that we are taking a look at. Rest assured, we will be disciplined. And we're not going to do something that materially changes our risk profile and we're not going to do something that does not meet our return criteria. I hope that helps, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Absolutely. Excellent. And just a quick follow-up, a clarification, just with respect to the precise succession timing as you all think about it and don't mean to pin you down here and now but how are you thinking about it? Just the timeline here if you will?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: For CEO succession?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Just to make sure we've got that clear.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. Sure. Well, we have not set a timetable for any additional change at the CEO level. So I think, Julien, you'll have me around to ask questions to for quite a while.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. Okay, I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Very good. Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Your line is open.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good morning, Greg. Yeah.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: How are you doing, Greg?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I'm good. Before I ask you any questions, do you have any questions for me about the Jets?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I kind of do, but we'll save those for later.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: By the way, my Bucks are 7-0.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: They do look good. Basketball is not New York's forte right now. That is for sure. So I've got a couple questions. The first is I know that and I asked you about this on the second quarter call, so I'd just love your observations after another quarter has gone by. I know that there's a lot of activity out at the Foxconn site, but there continues to be some question about exactly what they are going to build there. Now, I know they're committed at a high level to a level of investment and a level of job creation, but the level of economic demand pull for energy that comes from both that site and from the follow-on investment for the supply chain will be a big driver for what you ultimately have to invest to serve the region. And so I'm wondering at this point, given that the increase in the CapEx budget, while it was substantial, wasn't demonstrably in the core electricity business, what you're waiting for in terms of visibility so that we can then get a sense of what you're going to need to invest to support the economic growth that comes from that?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good questions all, Greg, and let me take them one at a time. First of all, let me try to clarify the changes in our five-year capital plan compared to the previous plan for 2018 through 2022. What you see basically is an increase in the natural gas delivery segment because, again, we are seeing growth across the board in terms of all of our customer segments in terms of natural gas demand. And that includes about $140 million of capital that we expect to spend in the area that Foxconn is being developed. So when you look at our capital spending, our focus remains clearly on the regulated business and the growth opportunities that we need to serve customers reliably in the regulated business. The increase in the natural gas delivery segment was somewhat offset by a slight decrease in transmission. And there, American Transmission is coming off of two very large projects that they're completing inside the footprint. And as you know, some of the transmission is a bit episodic and project by project. So the downturn we're seeing here in the American Transmission Company piece of the budget is really just reflecting the completion of two very large capital projects. On the energy infrastructure piece that we talk about, it's only 10% of our projected capital spending for the next five years. So I just want to make sure that everyone understands. Our focus is still clearly on the growth in the regulated business and the investments we need to maintain reliability and great customer service. But we do see growth particularly in the natural gas delivery segment. Now to Foxconn itself, they are in the final stages of completing their design for that entire campus, and our technical people meet with their folks literally every week. The changes that they have made so far have really had no material effect on the projected demand for electricity that we're seeing. We've been seeing for a number of months as they refine their designs a demand of about 180 megawatts, and that's still in place. So I think to be honest with you, and we've seen some articles that frankly are absolute hit pieces, there's a lot going on right now, just tremendous progress on the campus and across the state. And in fact, just a few weeks ago the Chairman of Foxconn committed to a $100 million contribution to the engineering school at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. So they are full speed ahead from everything we can tell. And in terms of the catalytic effect that I mentioned, there's already been announced in the area, within a few miles of where the Foxconn campus is going to be, there's already been announced $300 million of additional capital investment by non-related parties, medical complexes, hospitals, hotels, business parks. It's really amazing to see the immediate catalytic effect, and I think we're just at the front end of it. So that's my summation of where we are. And again, from everything we can tell, even though their design has changed a bit, the fact that they're building what they call a Gen 6 instead of a Gen 10.5 fabrication facility hasn't changed what we're seeing in terms of either their demand for electricity or the catalytic effect that we're seeing that we expected to see. Let me just put one number to it. We did a study. This was not a government study, this was something that we did with an outside econometric firm. And if Foxconn delivers on all the promises it has made we expect it to, and earns all the state tax credits, we would expect $54 billion over the next 15 years of new economic activity for the state, $54 billion, which would be about a return of 18:1 of the state tax credits. So that's my summation, Greg. I hope that helps.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: It does, thanks. That's all good. I'll hop off there. That's really thorough, thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Michael. How are you doing?
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi guys. Hey, Gale, how are you doing?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We're good.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Glad to hear it. Hey, if the returns are very similar to regulated returns on the energy infrastructure business, why limit it to 10%? Is there any risk that is not apparent that might want you – that might force you to limit to 10% or make it desirable to limit it in some way?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Michael, if I'm understanding your question, is there any risk that we see that might put the 10% returns in danger? Again, we're only looking at projects...
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: No. I'm thinking the 10%, like limiting it to 10% of earnings, I think that's what you were referring to before, right?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, no. What I meant was 10% of our capital spending plan for the next five years.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And why limit it to that? Why have any limitations on it if it's having the same kind of returns of the utility?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: To be honest with you, we are seeing enough significant opportunity directly in our retail regulated business that we're also seeing increased capital opportunities there. So we want to keep a reasonable balance here. If we saw some incredible opportunity that put us above the 10% of capital spending in that segment in the next five years, we will certainly do it. But I think that's a reasonable estimate at this point and again in part because we're also seeing really good opportunities in our core.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And also the $140 million that you alluded to for extra gas spending limits directly tied to the Foxconn site, is that for primary service to Foxconn itself? Or is that secondary service to surrounding community needs or growing community needs? Or is it some combination of both? And then a follow-up question to that would be, you also said that this is just the very beginning stages of something that is going to be huge. Is that also the same – is the $140 million also the beginning of some potentially huge opportunity, just the tip of the iceberg, if you will?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Michael, just to be clear, the $140 million that we've actually filed for approval, the $140 million of gas distribution projects that we filed for approval with the Commission represents the additional investment that we think we're going to need to accommodate the economic growth in the region. So it's Foxconn plus, if you will, so that's about $140 million investment, two separate gas distribution projects. Because we simply don't have enough infrastructure in terms of natural gas delivery in that area right now to accommodate both Foxconn's growth and the additional growth we're starting to see. Could the natural gas delivery segment grow even faster? If we see additional economic growth beyond what we're projecting in that area, yes. But at the moment, I think that initial $140 million investment will cover us for the next several years.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you, thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Praful Mehta with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much. Hi guys.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: How are you doing?
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good. Well, thanks for taking my question. I guess the catalytic effect was actually quite an interesting point and it clearly sounds like a big opportunity around Foxconn going forward. How should we think about it though from a growth and opportunity perspective? If that plays out, is that increasing your growth from the 6% going forward? Or do you think about it more as maintaining the 6% but helping keep the build pressure down through that cycle? How should we kind of frame the opportunity from a utility perspective?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Great question and I think it's the latter. I mean, first of all, there's no question in my mind that all the economic development we're seeing. I mentioned Komatsu which is a major project right in the harbor district in Milwaukee. There's HARIBO, the candy company that's coming to Southeastern Wisconsin. Milwaukee Electric Tool has had two major expansions. Amazon a couple of years ago built a huge distribution center and is expanding or has expanded that distribution center. So all of that really is – and the investment opportunity for infrastructure, a regulated infrastructure that we need to make to support all that growth. I think that is in my mind basically giving us an even longer runway to our 5% to 7% or in the middle of the range low 6% growth rate. And definitely with stronger kilowatt hour sales and you'll see as we roll out our plans in more detail at EEI, you'll see we've raised our projected growth rate of sales for both natural gas and electricity a bit. That's also helping to keep rate pressure down. No question about it.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thanks. That's helpful color. And then secondly, I mean given all this opportunity that you have around investment, both on the regulated and the unregulated side, I guess the constraining factor must be the balance sheet and the credit. And so just to understand that, you're clearly getting to be a cash taxpayer by 2019, so I guess at some point the metrics would come a little bit of pressure in 2021 as you become a cash taxpayer. Should we think about that as a constraining factor in terms of how much you can push from a credit perspective or holdco debt perspective? How should we think about credit in the context of this opportunity?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I'll start and then I'm going to ask Scott for his view to give you as well. I would say this, I mean, and we did say we would expect absent any other infrastructure projects that we would become a cash taxpayer next year. But again, we have the tax appetite to be able to take on some very good projects that don't change our risk profile. So I don't particularly see – we are going to maintain a strong balance sheet, we're going to maintain our credit rating, we're going to maintain the FFO metrics where we need them to be. But I don't see that as a huge deterrent at this point.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, no, you're exactly correct, Gale. That 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt is right in line, in fact we're running at the high end of that this year. And as you look at opportunities, and you take 100% bonus depreciation perhaps on another project or two will even help our FFO in the other years. So we're comfortable in that 16% to 18%, we just want to be realistic on the opportunities and how we'd roll out our capital plan.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got you. Thanks, Scott. So you don't see it even in 2021 any pressure to that 16% to 18% coming down or staying at the lower end of that 16% to 18%.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No. Not at this time.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, not at this time. No.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Great. Much appreciated, guys. Thanks so much.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you for your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, Gale. Thanks for taking my question.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I actually have one small housekeeping item which is, if I look at your $3.32 in EPS guidance for the year, and then the $2.70-ish or so you've done year-to-date, that implies $0.62 for the fourth quarter. That's below fourth quarter last year by a decent chunk. Just curious was there something in the fourth quarter last year that was unusual or abnormal that was a benefit that you might not get in this fourth quarter? Or is there something else fundamental or just one time in nature that is happening in the fourth quarter?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good question, Michael. And I think – and I'll ask Scott to give you some details on this. But long story short, our performance at the Wisconsin utilities has been very strong this year. And you remember the earnings sharing mechanism that we have in place with anything above our allowed retail rate of return. So, in essence, any outperformance that we would have in the fourth quarter of this year would basically be subject to the earnings sharing and therefore not flow through to our bottom line earnings per share report. So, you have to take into account where we were last year with earnings sharing and where we were this year. Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's exactly it. So going into last year's fourth quarter, we were not into earnings sharing. And between fuel and weather, we gained about $0.09 and just started to get into that sharing mechanism of about $2 million. And like Gale said, we're near the top of that 50-50 band now. So the opportunity for additional $0.09 doesn't exist.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. One other thing, I'm going to sound like a broken record, you can go back and read transcripts for the last two and half years...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You know when I can't get to sleep at night, I go back and where were the Michael questions?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Well, it's the same question every time because your demand growth numbers are clearly conservative, they have been for two, two and half, almost three years on the gas side, any thoughts on the fact that they maybe also conservative on the electric side as well? And what would have to happen to make you rebase higher?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I think when you see all the details of our capital plan and our projections going forward, we have rebased a little bit. We were basically projecting flat almost 0% to 0.5% electric demand growth. I think Scott is adding almost 1% to that in terms of annual expectation of electric demand growth in light of the opportunity we're seeing. And then we're also rebasing up just a hair our natural gas expectation for growth as well.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That's correct. And this last year across-the-board and every class we're seeing that natural gas. So having stable gas prices I don't – residential customer growth is good but still as appliances get replaced, they're just becoming more efficient. So, I just have a hard time seeing residential continue to grow at that same pace year-over-year other than new customers.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it guys. Thank you. Much appreciated, Gale, Scott.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome, Michael. See you soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hey, Jonathan. Jonathan, a question for you, I've been meaning to ask, how's your mom doing in England?
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Oh, yeah. She is fine. Thank you. Gale, they haven't deported me yet, but we'll see how we go with that.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, she's still getting good electricity from my former company I take it.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, indeed. So just on the capital plan you gave us the 10% number. I mean, this might be something you'd rather save for EEI, but when you showed that graphic before, the energy infrastructure was 8% for the capital plan excluding transmission. Are we now talking about 10% on the same basis? Or is it 10% of the $14.1 billion?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No. It's 10% of the $14.1 billion.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then on transmission, just looking back, I think what you had said was that you were booking 10.82%. But you expect it to migrate to something like 10.20% ROE at some point. My question is at what point in your sort of projection of this earnings, the 6% level, do you see that migration happening? And then if you have any comments on this related machinations out of FERC on the model?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, Jonathan, you're correct on both counts. We're still booking because that's the allowed rate of return today, the 10.82% on our earnings from American Transmission Company. As you know there have been a number of complaints from around the country pending at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission from customers asking whether or not the current allowed rates of return on transmission all over the U.S. are "in the zone of reasonableness or not." As you know, FERC has begun to take some action. The first indication of where they might go just came probably 10 days, two weeks ago, when they began looking at the complaint that's on their docket from the Northeastern United States, the Northeastern Utilities, if you will. And FERC has laid out for comment a proposed new methodology, which combines four different metrics as opposed to just a single metric that they have been using in the past. Again, I think it's going to be a while before we get any clarity from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission because I believe first of all there's a 60-day comment period. That puts us close to the end of December, so I would expect them to take some action in the first half or first quarter of next year. And then I would guess that the Midwestern complaints would be on the docket after that. But we are still assuming that the 10.2% will come down, and our conservative estimate right now is 10.2%. And that 10.2% is embedded in our 5% to 7% growth rate, Scott.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That's correct. So we haven't made a final determination of when we think it will go down yet, but for our five-year plan we're assuming it goes to the 10.2%, which that includes the 50 basis point adder for being part of MISO.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you for that clarity. And then just on the – you gave some pretty explicit guidance on where you see earnings within the range. Do you see with this plan a reasonably linear trajectory, or is it possible to start out higher and migrate lower, that way you have less visibility at the back end, just any – or was that intended more as throughout the plan type of level?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It really was intended pretty much to be linear throughout the plan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. That's all I have. Thank you, Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome, Jonathan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: How are you, Gale?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We're good. How are you, Paul?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good. Just along the lines of a previous question, the 10% of the CapEx budget being for the infrastructure segment, is that constrained at all by your statement that you won't issue equity? If you're willing to issue equity, could you make that bigger?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: If we wanted to issue equity, we could make it bigger, I assume. But again, we are being very, very disciplined in terms of the projects that we want to bring into this segment. So I think the reason we landed on this particular number for the Energy Infrastructure segment and the reason we ended up at 10% of our expected capital spend over the next five years with basically 20% of it already done, is – that's about the quality of the projects we're looking at. I think since we're being very disciplined and very risk-averse here, and we're not going to change our risk profile, that amount is about what I think we can spend in terms of the kind of projects we want to bring in-house. So it's really constrained more by our disciplined approach, by our return criteria than it is, I think, Scott, by any type of financial constraint.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No. If opportunities came, we'd have room to even do more than that 5% to 7% without issuing any equity. So it's not the financial, it's more of the opportunities to make sure we're realistic in the expectations to achieve our returns.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you, that's helpful. And then just on the FERC ROEs, are you reserving at all against the 10.82%?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, the 10.82% we are not. There is one complaint period that does exist that is open yet, and that is reserved at that 10.2% level. But that's the open complaint period that we're waiting to hear the final results on.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And then on the FERC rules, basically the 10.2% – for this period the 10.2% is basically the allowed return.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: The 10.82%.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm sorry the 10.82%, yes, is the allowed return. So other than the one complaint period that Scott talked about where we do have a reserve, we don't think there's any real challenge ability to basically take on the 10.82% because that is the allowed return for this period.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Ciciarelli with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Richard, how are you? Richard is not well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, I think it's Julien here again. Can you hear me?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry, sneaking on here real quickly. Can I just clarify real quickly? Just in the transcript it looks like you might have said a different earnings base than you might have meant for 2018 for the midpoint of the guidance? You introduced 2018 earnings guidance earlier this year at $3.26 to $3.30.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The midpoint of that is the new base, right? At $3.28, is that correct?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That is exactly correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I just wanted to clarify that for the transcript. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome Julien. I think you are trick-or-treating and masquerading as one of your analysts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vedula Murti with Avon Capital. Your line is open.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Vedula. How are you today?
Vedula Murti - Avon Capital: I'm doing well, Gale. Hey, good luck to your Brewers next year.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, my Bucks are 7-0.
Vedula Murti - Avon Capital: Okay, something to look forward to. My question was mostly what Greg had asked about more with Foxconn. And obviously, there's a lot of noise around it and lots of politics and posturing or whatever. But within all of that, what is it that we should really pay attention to, to find out whether in fact there may be some lag or some give or whatever term you want to use in terms of what maybe some people thought about either its timing or its scale of capital investment relating to what we believe we've heard about originally?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Everything we're seeing is Foxconn is full speed ahead. Now we do have a gubernatorial election here and there have been some discussions by the Democratic candidate for governor on whether or not he would want to relook the incentive package for Foxconn. If that were to happen I mean if he were to be elected and he decided to find some way to overturn legislation that's in place that probably would be a factor that you would want to look at in terms of whether or not there would be some slowdown in the Foxconn plan. But right now given what Foxconn is actually doing on the campus, the construction progress they're making, the additional investments across the state that they've announced, right now it appears that they are full speed ahead.
Vedula Murti - Avon Capital: Okay, I appreciate the clarification. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Levi with ExodusPoint. Your line is open.
Andrew Stuart Levi - ExodusPoint Capital Management LP: Hey, Gale. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hey, Andy. I'm great. How are you doing?
Andrew Stuart Levi - ExodusPoint Capital Management LP: I'm doing well. Just back to Julien's last question just to make sure. So I guess when you made your first comment, the Bloomberg transcript picked up $3.20 as the midpoint, which obviously wasn't your guidance. So you're growing off of $3.28, is that correct?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That is correct. That is correct and we'll have to sue Bloomberg for fake news.
Andrew Stuart Levi - ExodusPoint Capital Management LP: Okay. I just wanted to make sure. Okay. Thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome Andy.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good afternoon, guys.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Paul. What's shaking?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Not much. What I wanted to ask you about was just sort of back on the infrastructure projects. You mentioned that the returns might be on the high side initially in terms of how you're looking at the trajectory of the return. And I'm just wondering if you could sort of give a little bit more flavor as to when we look at this CapEx, what the earnings profile is over time, do you follow me?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure. And again, over time with the projects that we have in hand and the projects we have announced, we would expect over time over kind of our useful life of the project the returns to meet the kind of criteria we talked about which is at or slightly above our retail rates of return.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right. But I guess what I'm wondering is, is that, you made it sound like some of it might be frontend loaded. And so what I'm wondering is, I understand that on average over time that's what it would be, but it sounds like some of it might be frontend loaded, and so I wanted to get more of a sense as to how that might be distributed? Do you follow me? How much of a boost we might be seeing in the early years versus later years?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Let me frame that for you and then I'll let Scott give you some detail. The projects we're talking about really are in many cases either solar or wind or gas storage or some type of renewables. Particularly with the wind, you have a very heavy tax credit influence in the early years. Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, specifically, the two projects we've had so far on the wind side, production tax credits are in the first 10 years, so the returns are north of that 10% by a couple of percentage points in that first 10-year period along with good cash returns because of the bonus depreciation. So it's really that first 10 years when you have the production tax credits that really make it a little higher on average.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So really we're going to be looking – sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you. Go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No problem. I also was going to say actually believe it or not because of the cash returns, it's helpful to our FFO to debt calculation.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, sure. So, okay – so we're talking basically like the PTC kind of concept, so we're talking like a good period of time where you'll be having the higher returns versus you won't be having – there are no big upfront benefits to EPS. This is more just a 10-year timeframe where you're going to be...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Okay. Just wanted to make sure about that. And then the other question that I have is, so there's a decrease in electric generation in the ATC and you mentioned something about the ROE, and I apologize if I just wasn't completely clear on this. But the ATC – the fall off in the CapEx, did that have to do with what you're seeing in terms of returns and what have you? Or could you just clarify a little bit about what's driving the change in CapEx profile at ATC and if it has anything to do with the ROE cases that you're seeing?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Nothing whatsoever to do with the ROE cases. Everything to do with the fact that ATC is just completing two very large construction projects, transmission project extensions and new transmission in our footprint. And they're rolling off these two very large projects from a year. So we have a high year comparing to a slightly lower year, but it has nothing to do with the potential change in ROE.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, most of my questions were answered. So thanks so much.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're more than welcome.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for joining us. If you have any additional questions feel free to call Beth Straka at 414-221-4639. Thanks everybody. See you on the West Coast.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klappa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Scott Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Andrew Levi - ExodusPoint Capital Management LP Vedula Murti - Avon Capital
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group’s Conference Call for Second Quarter 2018 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectation at the time that they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed information financial is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And it is now my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Gale Klappa: Hot town, summer in the City. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us today as we review our 2018 second quarter results. But first, I know that all of you are interested in an update on Allen Leverett’s recovery from the stroke that he suffered last October. Allen remains in very good physical condition, and he continues to be engaged in intensive speech therapy. He’s really working hard. In fact, Allen has engaged in more than 700 hours of speech therapy in the past nine months and he has continued to make progress. Now many of you have asked about our succession planning in the event that Allen can’t or chooses not to return as CEO. As I mentioned to you on our last call, we conduct rigorous succession planning discussions with our Board on a regular basis and we’ve done so for many years. So I can assure you that we have a solid plan B in place if Allen does not assume his previous role. The plan would involve a number of internal promotions. We would have continuity going forward, and the Board and I are very comfortable with what I call plan B. We will continue to monitor the situation during the third quarter of this year and we’ll certainly keep you up to date on any new developments. Now, I’d like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, our Treasurer; Bill Guc, Controller; Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter earnings of $0.73 a share. This compares with $0.63 a share for the second quarter last year. Our results were bolstered by effective cost management, stronger natural gas sales during a cool spring, and a warm start to summer that drove electricity use above our forecast. In addition, a stronger economy across the region resulted in slightly higher demand for energy from our industrial customers. Scott will provide you with more details in just a few minutes. But I will say that one of the striking conclusions from our first-half results is the significant increase in weather normalized demand for natural gas, up 5.4% year-to-date. Now let’s take a brief look at the economic conditions in our region. Wisconsin’s unemployment rate declined to 2.8% in May, a record low for the state. Unemployment ticked up slightly to 2.9% in June, but we have now recorded five consecutive months with the unemployment rate under 3%, and that folks has never happened before in Wisconsin history, and we continue to see positive economic development news across the state as well. On June 28, Foxconn Technology Group held a groundbreaking ceremony for its $10 billion high-tech manufacturing campus that will be located in Racine County, it’s just South of Milwaukee. Excavation work is already well underway. The plan is to move 4 million cubic yards of soil. And to put that in perspective, the soil removed from the excavation site would wrap completely around the equator if you pile the soil approximately one foot wide by one foot high. Next month, construction also will begin on the first building of this 22 million square foot project. In addition, Foxconn has purchased an office building in downtown Milwaukee for its North American headquarters, and the company recently announced that it will expand its operations with innovation centers in Green Bay and Eau Claire, pretty cool stuff. And just this past week, the Wisconsin Commission approved the building of a new transmission line that will be needed to strengthen the network for a number of customers, including Foxconn in the Southeastern part of the state. American Transmission Company plans to invest approximately $117 million in the project. I might add that, we’re also making some very promising investments. On June 28, we announced an agreement to acquire an 80% ownership interest in the Bishop Hill III Wind Energy Center, that’s located in Henry County, Illinois. The wind farm was developed by Invenergy, it was just placed into service in May. Bishop Hill consists of 53 General Electric turbines with a capacity of 132 megawatts. Our 80% share of the investment will be approximately $148 million. The project has a 22-year off-take agreement with one of our current wholesale power customers, WPPI Energy. So this investment really is a logical extension of our core wholesale power business. WPPI based in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, has been a significant wholesale customer of ours for years. And we’re pleased to extend that relationship with a new efficient renewable asset that exists within the MISO footprint. Under the new tax rules, our investment in Bishop Hill will qualify for production tax credits and for 100% bonus depreciation. We expect our return on this investment will be actually higher than our regulated returns. We’re projecting an unlevered internal rate of return above 8%.We filed for approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission earlier this month and expect a close on the investment in October. As always, we’ll keep you updated as developments unfold. And now for a brief update on our planned investment in the Upstream Wind Energy Center. Back in mid-June, you recall, we filed the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for approval to purchase an 80% ownership interest in this project. As a reminder, the wind farm is located in Antelope County, Nebraska and consists of 81 GE wind turbines with a capacity of approximately 200 megawatts. Our share of the total purchase price is expected to be $280 million. The project has a long-term 10-year off-take agreement with an affiliate of Allianz, which as you know, is an A-rated publicly traded company. We expect to close on the purchase in early 2019 after construction is complete. Now for those of you who follow the details of our capital investment plan, you’ll recall that we’re also proposing to add utility scale solar generation to our portfolio of regulated assets. On May 31, our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary, along with Madison Gas and Electric, filed a joint application with the Wisconsin Commission to purchase 300 megawatts of solar generation at two locations. The Badger Hollow Solar Farm will be located in Southwestern Wisconsin in Iowa County and will be developed by Invenergy. The Two Creeks solar project will be located in the City of Two Rivers, that’s in Northeastern Wisconsin near the Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant. The Two Creeks project is being developed by NextEra Energy Resources. Our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary will own 100 megawatts at each site, with an investment of approximately $260 million. Pending regulatory approvals, construction for both projects is expected to begin next spring with commercial operation by the end of 2020. Over the past few years, as many of you have followed, utility-scale solar has increased in efficiency and prices have dropped by nearly 70%, making it a cost-effective option for our customers an option that also fits well with our summer peak demand curve and with our plan to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions. As we continue to make these renewable investments and retire older less-efficient coal-fire generation, we expect to achieve our goal of reducing carbon dioxide emissions by 40% well in advance of our 2030 target. And today, I’m pleased to report that we’re taking our efforts a step further. We set a new long-term goal for carbon dioxide emissions. Our goal is an 80% reduction in CO2 emissions below 2005 levels by the year 2050. You can learn more about our plans to achieve that goal in our Corporate Responsibility Report, and we’ll be releasing that report tomorrow morning. Now an update on the outcome of tax reform in Wisconsin. In late May, we received a final written order from the Commission. For electric customers and We Energies, 80% of the tax benefit will be used to reduce the regulatory asset from transmission costs that we’ve already incurred, but not yet build the customers. The remaining 20% will be refunded to customers in the form of bill credits. For electric customers of Wisconsin Public Service, 40% of the tax benefit will be used to offset several regulatory asset balances and 60% will be refunded in the form of bill credits. For our natural gas customers in Wisconsin, the full amount of the tax savings will flow to customers through bill credits. We believe these were thoughtful, balanced decisions by the commission, Wisconsin customers began seeing their bill credits this month. Now with these decisions, tax reform treatment in our largest jurisdictions has now been finalized, and all decisions across our four state area are in line with what we expected. Turning now to Illinois, we continue to make real progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization program. This program is critical to providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network that is modern, safe and reliable. We’re on track to invest approximately $290 million in the effort during 2018. The overall project is now approximately 25% complete. Now an update on our operations in Minnesota. In mid-October last year, Minnesota Energy Resources filed a rate case with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. Interim rates are currently in place and hearings on the case were held in mid-July. We expect the final commission decisions by year end. I would add that we’re also making excellent progress on our gas expansion project in the Rochester area, where the Mayo Clinic is growing rapidly. We’ve completed the first phase of a multi-year plan to strengthen and expand our infrastructure for natural gas delivery, and the second phase installing a new high pressure system is on budget and well underway. Next, we’ll turn to Michigan. As a reminder, we obtain final regulatory approval last October for the construction of new natural gas-fired generation in the Upper Peninsula. Procurement is 67% complete and construction stands at 21% complete. Our plan is to bring the new units into commercial service by the second quarter of next year, that’s 2019. And at that time or soon thereafter, we expect to retire our coal-fired power plant at Presque Isle. We’re investing about $266 million in 10 reciprocating internal combustion engines or as we call them RICE units. They’ll be capable of generating a total of 180 megawatts of electricity. These units, which will be owned by one of our Michigan utilities, Upper Michigan Energy Resources, will provide a cost effective long-term power supply for customers in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. And just one final note on the quarter. In May, Corporate Responsibility Magazine recognized us again for our environmental, social and governance practices, and named us one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens in the United States. Now with details on our second quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year, another good corporate citizen, our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Our 2018 second quarter earnings of $0.73 per share were $0.10 per share higher than the second quarter of 2017. These favorable results were largely driven by higher sales volumes and continued effective cost control. Cooler than normal spring temperatures led to higher natural gas sales and electric sales were helped by a warm start to summer. We estimate that sales driven by weather and strong economy contributed approximately $0.07 to the quarter compared to our expectations, with approximately $0.04 of that related to whether. The earnings package placed on our website this morning includes comparison of second quarter and year-to-date results for 2018 and 2017. My focus will be on the quarter beginning with operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to page nine of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the second quarter of 2018 was $330.8 million, compared to $362.2 million during the second quarter of 2017, a decrease of $31.4 million. Excluding two tax items totaling $66.5 million, operating income actually increased $35.1 million. The first tax item reflects the benefit of tax repairs, which is part of our Wisconsin rate settlement; and the second item relates to the 2017 federal tax legislation. We have a breakout of these items for your reference on Page 7 and 8 of the earnings package. Recall that as part of our Wisconsin settlement, we’ve agreed to utilize the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory asset balances. The plan is proceeding as expected. And then regarding the benefits of tax reform, we currently project that the transmission escrow balance at Wisconsin Electric will be reduced from approximately $220 million to $40 million or less by the end of 2019. Excluding the impact of these tax items, operating income increased $35.1 million. By segment update, we’ll focus on this $35.1 million in operating income as shown on Page 9 of the packet. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, the increase in operating income, net of the tax-related adjustments was $22.6 million. Higher sales volumes rolled $26.4 million increase in margins. In Illinois, operating income increased $1 million net of tax adjustments. The increase was primarily driven by continued investment in the Peoples Gas System Modernization program. The remaining increase in operating income in our Other States segment was about $4 million, largely driven by cooler than normal spring weather conditions. Turning to our Non-Utility Infrastructure segment. Excluding the impact of tax reform, operating income at this segment increased by $6.3 million. Remember that this segment contains the operations of Bluewater Natural Gas Holding, which was acquired on June 30th of last year, as well as We Power. Bluewater Natural Gas Holding contributed $5.7 million to the increase in operating income in the second quarter of 2018. The operating loss at our corporate and other segment was $6.5 million for the second quarter of 2018, an improvement of $1.2 million compared to the second quarter of last year. Combining these changes and excluding the two tax items, as I discussed, operating income increased $35.1 million. Earnings from our investment in American transmission company totaled $28.7 million, a decrease of $13.1 million, as compared to the second quarter of last year. Excluding the $9.4 million impact from tax reform, our equity earnings decreased $3.7 million, driven by a charge recorded at ATC related to the final resolution of a FERC audit. Other income net increased by $18.3 million quarter-over-quarter. This was due primarily to a decrease in the non-service cost component of our pension and benefit plans. Historically, this item was reflected in operation and maintenance and expense. However, a new accounting rule required it to be reclassified to other income in both years. Our net interest expense increased $6.6 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily by a continuing capital investment and higher interest rates. Our consolidated income tax decreased $64.7 million. As previously discussed, lower tax expense was driven by the impact of tax reform and the flow through of tax repairs. We now expect our effective income tax rate will be between 15% and 16% this year. Excluding the benefits related to tax repairs, we expect the effective tax rate would be between 22% and 23%. Now as you may recall, that we’ve been expecting to become a cash tax payer this year. However, based on our latest forecasts, we don’t expect to pay cash taxes until the end of 2019. This change is largely driven by the benefits of bonus depreciation from our investment in Bishop Hill and Upstream Wind projects. Combining all these items brings us to earnings of $231 million, or $0.73 per share for the second quarter of 2018, compared to earnings of $199.1 million, or $0.63 per share for the second quarter of 2017. Looking at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $246.5 million during the first six months of 2018. Recall that we made $100 million contribution to our pension plan in the first-half of 2017. Higher earnings and a reduction in working capital also contributed to the increase in cash provided by operating activities. Our capital expenditures totaled $915.5 million during the first-half of 2018, a $125.5 million increase compared to the same period in 2017, as we continue to execute on our capital plan. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 51.5% at the end of the second quarter, a decrease from the 52.5% at the end of 2017. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 Subordinated Notes as common equity. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401k plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We continue to expect the FFO to debt to be in the range of 16% to 18%. We paid $348.7 million in common dividends during the first six months of 2018, an increase of $20.4 million over the same period last year. Higher dividends were driven by the 6.25% increase in the dividend level compared to the first-half of 2017. Moving to sales. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of June, our utilities were serving approximately 10,000 more electric and 15,000 more natural gas customers than they did the same time a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis on Page 13 and 14 of the earnings package. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity for Wisconsin and Michigan utilities, excluding the iron ore mine, are up 2.9% for the quarter and on a weather normalized basis, retail deliveries were up 1.7%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin increased 18.2% versus the second quarter of 2017. This excludes gas used for power generation. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew 6.6% on a weather normalized basis. Weather normalized electric and gas sales volumes were above our expectations for the first-half of 2018. Finally, an update on our earnings guidance. Due to our favorable year-to-date results, we’re raising full-year earnings guidance to $3.32 per share, assuming normal weather for the remainder of the year, and we’re reaffirming our long-term earnings per share growth of 5% to 7%. As you recall, our long-term growth rate is based of the midpoint of our 2017 earnings guidance of $3.09 a share. We expect our third quarter 2018 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.70, that takes into account July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. With that, I’ll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. We’re still standing and we’re focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we’re ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the conference call.
Operator: Now we will take your question. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Greg, how are you?
Greg Gordon: I’m good, Gale. Cancel your Christmas plans, because it’s Packers Jets 1 o’clock on December 23rd in Middle Hansen [ph].
Gale Klappa: I’ll be there.
Greg Gordon: A couple of questions. Can you talk a little bit about the success you’ve had in executing these infrastructure investments outside the core utility? It strikes me that these returns look very good and that may be in part to a competitive advantage you have, because you’re one of the few utility holding companies left with tax appetite, the table to actually transact on wind farms and consume those attributes, but then you also just articulated a slight move out and when you’re a cash taxpayer, so can you just frame up why this is a good opportunity for you and you’ve scoped it as sort of 8% of your total capital over the current five-year plan. Is there a chance that, that grows? Is that about where you think you’re going to end up? That’s my first question.
Gale Klappa: Yes, good question, Greg. I appreciate, you’re asking. I mean, first of all, you may recall when we rolled out our new five-year capital plan late last fall, right before EEI Conference, we introduced this energy infrastructure category and we put about $900 million into that category out of an $11.8 billion total capital budget. So, yes, it’s roughly 8%, 9% of our total capital spending. Since then and given some of the impacts of tax reform given the fact that other companies in the industry are finding themselves in a position to sell assets, I think we do have a competitive advantage. I mean, first of all, our balance sheet is strong. We don’t have to issue equity to finance this $11.8 billion capital plan, and we do have the tax appetite. So when you look at the whole array of opportunities that we’re seeing in the marketplace, actually Greg, the opportunities that we’re seeing two of which we’ve obviously just announced in the last couple of months, the opportunities that we’re seeing to basically acquire high-quality assets that don’t change our risk profile, those opportunities are greater than we thought they would be back last fall. Again, it’s a small percentage of our total capital budget when we roll out the new five-year plan this fall, I – if I were a betting man, I would think we would increase that the amount devoted to that particular segment a bit, but again keeping all this in perspective, we’re being opportunistic with good high-quality assets here, but the driver, I mean, this is a great opportunistic situation for us, but the driver is still core investment in our regulated businesses. I hope that helps, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Yes, it definitely does. Thanks. And my second question is just with regard to the evolution of the Foxconn, the Foxconn project, you guys in your last sort of formal update said, you thought that would be a $10 billion project and create 13,000 direct jobs and about 22,000 indirect jobs throughout the state. But when I talked to analysts who focus 100% of their time on the semiconductor industry, like there’s just – there’s a debate there as to what type of facility actually gets built, whether it’s a facility that is a gen 6 fab or a gen 10 fab. And this corning going to co-locate our gas facility in the state or not, because that would be the gating factor towards the larger 10.5 facility. So can you give us a sense of whether you’re still confident that those round numbers reflect the commitment to dollars invested in jobs or whether there’s some sort of a bid/ask spread in terms of what they ultimately build in terms of what types of products they’re building, whether it’s smartphones or TVs and whether that means it’s less jobs, more jobs, et cetera?
Gale Klappa: Yes, good, great questions, Greg. Let me answer it two ways. I mean, obviously, we’ve been very involved in this project personally, and within the last two weeks in a meeting with the Foxconn senior people, they strongly reiterated their commitment to a $10 billion investment and the hiring of 13,000 jobs. They also, when President Trump came for the groundbreaking ceremony on June 28, they made a public commitment to a $10 billion investment and 13,000 jobs with the President standing right there. So what they’re saying is that, the mix of products that they’re thinking of producing here changes as their assessment of the marketplace changes. So they may build something here different than their original projections at least that’s what they’re telling us. But in terms of their ultimate commitment of a $10 billion investment and 13,000 jobs, that remains staunchly unchanged and remains firmly in place. And when you see the hundreds of millions of dollars that are already being spent and the gigantic amount of earth that’s already being moved, I think, it brings all that to reality, right?
Greg Gordon: Great. That’s very clear Thanks, Gale. Have a great day.
Gale Klappa: You too. Take care, Greg.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Julien. How are you today?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good. Thank you very much. So perhaps just to turn to the more regulatory side of things, can you discuss a little bit how the legislative mechanism passed in terms of settlements kind of changes your process in terms of the next rate case? I mean that both in terms of going into the next rate case filing itself, as well as just subsequently through it, just want to understand that legislation and what it means exactly a little bit more clearly?
Gale Klappa: I appreciate the question. And I think I would answer that in two ways for you Julien. First of all, it really does not change our fundamental approach to a rate filing or to discussions about a rate settlement. What I think the legislation does do is makes it easier and clearer for the Commission to accept a non-unanimous settlement, and that’s the real key here in that legislation. There was some debate when we went through the last rate settlement, as you recall, which we’re now in a rate freeze going on four years. There was some debate about whether or not the Public Service Commission had the statutory authority to vote on and approve a settlement that was not completely unanimous among all the parties. This legislation that was passed makes it clear that they can vote on and can decide on a settlement that is not joined by every single party. So I think that’s the big difference that the legislation has enabled.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. All right. And turning back to a couple little of nuancy things. First, with what you’ve mentioned to Greg here. The wind investment, just can you elaborate a little bit more as to why they’re better? And also I suppose implicitly you continue to have appetite, given that you still have 20 onwards tax appetite?
Gale Klappa: And actually late 2019 onwards, yes. What Julien – why they’re better than what?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, the unlevered 8%, that sounds better than what you would get on a kind of traditional utility basis so…
Gale Klappa: Oh, yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay.
Gale Klappa: No question. We’re seeing in both these investments that we’ve announced. We’re projecting, given the contracts and the details of the contracts. We’re projecting a better IRR’s than you would see in a normal regulated investment. And also, because both of these wind projects are eligible for 100% bonus depreciation, the cash return is very significant. So I think, again, given the overall conditions in the industry with a number of companies trying to repair their balance sheets, where we can be opportunistic because of the strength of our balance sheet in our tax appetite, we’re seeing very solid projects that don’t change our risk profile. And so we intend to continue to look very carefully at projects in front of us and be opportunistic with something that we think will benefit our shareholders with a portion of our capital spending. Scott, anything to add?
Scott Lauber: No, you hit right on the head, Gale. The tax appetite really does help bring that projects getting that cash back from bonus depreciation early on.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And to that point actually, just to clarify this, I mean, the solar RTC, the commenced construction safe harbor, I mean, is that still too early to ask you about implications, given the tax appetite you all have and obviously your interest at least on the utility side for solar?
Gale Klappa: Well, it probably, if you think about the non-utility side, it probably gives us a little longer runway to look at projects. On the utility side, what we propose and what we will propose actually fits under the prior timeframe for the tax credits. So I don’t think it would change anything on the utility side necessarily. I think, it gives us a little bit longer runway on the non-utility side if we make some solar investments on that – in that part of the business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Gale Klappa: Michael, when do we get our gig on Fox Sports?
Michael Weinstein: I’m ready to go. I’m ready to move out there. Let me know when you’re ready.
Gale Klappa: All right.
Michael Weinstein: Can you just talk about how much of the increase in guidance is due to weather and or one-time in nature?
Gale Klappa: I think, Scott gave you a nice quick breakdown of that in his prepared remarks.
Michael Weinstein: Yes.
Scott Lauber: Well, when you look at the weather for the quarter, I mean, the weather was about $0.04 and the rest is – was growth. So we raised the top end of the guidance, $0.02, really reflecting a combination of the growth that we’re seeing and along with the weather. But we didn’t raise it anymore than the $0.02, because we do have some projects – some maintenance projects that we’re looking at for the fall this year, including some forestry and maintenance that was above and beyond last year, expenses and also a little headwind on fuel coming up.
Michael Weinstein: So that is why the guidance is still based on 2017, it’s not really in the long-term guidance, right? It’s not 2018 number, yes?
Scott Lauber: Yes, the long-term guidance.
Gale Klappa: And, Michael, I think, you can look forward, I mean, historically in the fall when we when we’ve unveiled the new five-year capital spending plan. We also give you some sense of what our updating and rebasing our long-term earnings growth rate. And so I think, you’ll see us do that on the next quarter’s call as well.
Michael Weinstein: Great. And also the increase, the new goal of 80% by 2050, when can we expect to see that start to be reflected in forward capital plans?
Gale Klappa: Well, we already have – a very good question. We already have the capital plan in place that gets us probably by about 2023 to the 40% reduction. Remember, our first target was a 40% reduction below 2005 levels by the year 2030. The capital plan that we’re executing now actually gets us there in terms of that 40% reduction by about 2023. So then heading toward a 2050 goal of 80% reduction, I think, you can start – we can start seeing some of that capital being injected into our plan 2024 and beyond.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Steve, how are you?
Steven Fleishman: Good, Gale. How are you doing?
Gale Klappa: Doing fine.
Steven Fleishman: I was curious your thoughts one of your neighboring utilities just worked out a deal, the Alliant deal doing an RO with NextEra with the nuclear. And you obviously have maybe somewhat similar situation with different circumstances. So could you maybe give or take on whether something like might make sense for you guys at Point Beach?
Gale Klappa: Sure, we’re happy to. First of all, I think, you’re right. The circumstances are a bit different between the two utilities. If you think about our power supply coming from Point Beach and right now we have a contract in place for all of the output of the two Point Beach units for the remainder of their lives, which looks like 2030 and 2033 for the two units. So the first unit would retire in 2030, the second at the end of 2033. Those Point Beach units are producing about 22% of our total power supply for our retail customers. That’s a very significant portion of our – of the energy we’re delivering and, of course, it’s carbon-free and it’s dispatchable and basically runs, as you know, is a base load unit 24/7. So it runs and dispatches carbon-free energy regardless of whether the sun is shining or whether the wind is blowing. So it’s a very important component today of our power supply and of our ongoing efforts to reduce carbon emissions. So you never say never in terms of doing a buyout like what our – one of our other utility friends has done. But at the moment, I don’t see that in our future, in part, because it’s a little bit different situation in terms of the magnitude of the power supply we’re getting from Point Beach. I hope that respond Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. That’s great. And just want to go back to the prior question. So on your next quarter call, you plan to refresh the long-term capital plan and the long-term growth rate?
Gale Klappa: Yep, because I’ll be right before the meeting, where we can dive into great detail with you and yes, that’s our plan.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Gale Klappa: All tight. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Praful Mehta: Hi, guys.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon. Hi, Praful, how are you?
Praful Mehta: Good. So I think you made a point on the call to talk about load growth or sales growth, especially on the gas side. So wanted to get a little bit more perspective on what’s driving that? And secondly, does that – is that a sustainable kind of growth level that would give you more headroom to kind of increase CapEx? How should we think about that?
Gale Klappa: Well, it’s a great question. And it has been one of the positive upside surprises for us. Really, over the last three years, if you look at and we try to weather normalize, but you’ve heard me say before, there are real deficiencies in how our industry weather normalizes sales. So I’m always reluctant to talk about one quarter of weather normalized data. But we now have 2.5 years of weather normalized data, which is showing real continued growth in gas deliveries and customer use of natural gas. I think, Scott, we were up like three 3.7% and then another 3.7%, so you talk about 2016 and 2017 being about 3.7% increases on a weather nornmal basis. And then as you’ve heard Scott and me say, we had a robust growth in weather normalized demand in the first-half of this year. So, it’s very hard to tell whether or not that trend will continue, but clearly the trend has exceeded our expectations. And when you look at – and Scott and I really delve into this in great detail the other day. When you look at – to try to answer the question, what is driving this demand for natural gas beyond our expectations. And it’s not just one sector, it’s like every sector we looked at was green. Every sector we looked at was showing significant increases. So that combined with customer growth, we’re serving about 15,000 natural gas customers more than what we were serving at this time a year ago. So I don’t want to be overly optimistic here. But what we’ve seen for the last basically, 10 quarters, certainly would indicate that there’s some other trend going on here, which we haven’t seen before, driving natural gas usage higher. Now what that means for capital spending? Obviously, we will take a hard look as we always do as we roll out our new five-year plan, and you may see some modest increase in capital spending on the gas side simply because of the infrastructure needs. And, for example, we’ve already applied to the Wisconsin Commission for two projects, that would strengthen the natural gas delivery network in the Racine area, where Foxconn is and many others are now beginning project work. We simply don’t have a strong enough natural gas delivery network to handle all that demand in that part of the state. So there’s another $140 million of capital already that was not in our previous forecast. I hope that’s a long answer to your question. I hope it helps.
Praful Mehta: It’s very helpful and a very interesting trend. So we’d love to learn more on future calls as well. And for a second question, I just wanted to understand a little bit more on the taxes side. As you become a cash tax payer in that 2019 to 2020 timeframe, just wanted to understand what is the impact of the FFO? Like how much is the year-over-year impacted that point that you expect? And the reason for the question is, I’m just trying to figure out the FFO to debt kind of trajectory impact of that change and how are you filling that gap? I’m assuming there’s something else that’s helping to fill that FFO gap, so just a little bit of color on that would be helpful?
Scott Lauber: That’s a good question. When you look in our assumptions are that we are partial taxpayers in 2019 and going forward, factoring all in the production tax credit. So we’re still at that 16 FFO to debt or a little bit north of that. So if we find other projects to have additional tax savings that would just increase us or put us higher in the FFO range.
Gale Klappa: That – that’s the net effect of additional projects.
Scott Lauber: Yes.
Gale Klappa: It raises basically from, say, 16, it raises a bit higher, which is a good thing.
Scott Lauber: If we can get some additional tax bonus depreciation projects?
Gale Klappa: Right.
Praful Mehta: Gotcha. And that’s very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Space.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Shah, somebody told me a rumor that based on one of your mentors, you were starting to take Thursdays off now. Is that true?
Shahriar Pourreza: I will not admit this on a public line. So thanks for taking my question. Just one quick round Foxconn and sort of the, obviously, the groundbreaking. The last discussions we had was, obviously, the potential for rooftop solar in the 100 to 150 megawatt range, and I think there was some discussions around whether it would be technically feasible and whether it would pass building codes. Is there any sort of updates that you’ve had around with discussions around this potential?
Gale Klappa: Shan, what I can tell you and you’ve got a great memory. What I can tell you is, we are still in active discussions with Foxconn about the configuration of their electric service – the basic elements of their rates and whether or not if there’s any opportunity for solar. So continuing discussions, nothing new yet to report the continuing active discussions.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And that depending on how the active discussions go, that’s something that – would that be bid to an RFP process, or would that be something that would naturally come to you guys?
Gale Klappa: Well, I guess, there are two options. One would be a self billed by Foxconn, the other would be that we would basically make the investment. And again, too early to really give you a concrete answer at this point except other than everything’s on the table and we’re looking to how this best works for both parties.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. That’s helpful. And then just on, is there any updates on incremental storage opportunities at the utilities?
Gale Klappa: Incremental gas storage opportunities?
Shahriar Pourreza: That’s right, yes.
Gale Klappa: No, other than that energy infrastructure category that we’ve developed, I mean, one of the range of options we look at for that category for potential investment is gas storage. But nothing new to report on that front today.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, terrific. Thanks. I want to go take the rest the day off. I appreciate. See you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Good afternoon, guys.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Tell me Jonathan, you never take the day off.
Jonathan Arnold: Oh, well, no, maybe not the first day. So on the – just a couple of numbers questions that we wanted to chase down the other income line where you talked about the lower non-service overhead cost and it’s affecting both years. It didn’t seem like the 2017 number line changed this quarter whereas it did last quarter. So just trying to get a sense of how big was that driver and what else was going on in the $18 million there?
Scott Lauber: Yes, that’s a good question. There’s a lot of stuff that goes to the other income and deduction lying here. And unfortunately, some of these items are being reclass between O&M and this other line, so I guess, really confusing in. And when we manage the business, we really look at both of them together. So last quarter what also goes through here is a couple of items that swing between quarters like we have an investment in some deferred funds out there like it’s a rabbi trust for some deferred comp and that also fluctuates between quarters. But year-to-date, this is – the reclass of this non-service cost for the pension was the biggest number about $10 million on a year-to-date basis. So there’s a variety of items that go both ways, including some miscellaneous interest income and the deferral related to our forward wind farm. When we put that into the rates in Wisconsin, we were allowed to defer a few of those costs to offset and unfortunately, that goes in this line also. So there’s a mixture of stuff in there, but this was the biggest item for the quarter and for the year-to-date that really came out.
Jonathan Arnold: That pension drive you just said about $10 million year-to-date. Was that actually a change, or was it just the reclass?
Scott Lauber: It’s – it was a reclass out of O&M down here. The benefits last year, a couple of items of why the pension is down. The fund did well last year. The assets grew. So their earnings are better this year. The interest expense is down a little bit. And we did combine some plans into the Medicare Plan A for some other post-employment retirements plans, so there was some savings there also.
Gale Klappa: Jonathan, what you’re seeing in that category is a lot of accounting noise and we don’t probably see that – you’re going to see that every quarter. There’s just so many items that swing around. And then as Scott said, the new accounting rule required us to reclassify as well. So we try to spitball that for you as best we can. So that you can see what’s going on. But it also masks – all of these things also masks how we’re doing on, what I call, true operation and maintenance costs, and we’re still on target there. We said we would expect about a 3% to 4% decline in 2018 over 2017 true O&M and we’re right on target to achieve that.
Jonathan Arnold: Right, that’s helpful. Thank you. And then so just one other thing. You mentioned this, you have some ordered resolution at ATC. Was that a materialized? I mean, is it just this quarter or was this follow-on there?
Scott Lauber: It’s just a very small item for the quarter here. We just – when you back out the tax reform stuff that was negative, I mean, you don’t anticipate to be a negative. So it’s about $3 million for the quarter.
Jonathan Arnold: Great. Thank you for that. Sorry for the detail.
Scott Lauber: No problem.
Gale Klappa: No, not at all. Good questions, Jonathan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Hello, how are you?
Paul Ridzon: Can you hear me?
Gale Klappa: I’m fine, Paul. How are you?
Paul Ridzon: Okay. Good. Just that last question. Is that – what period was that audit related to?
Gale Klappa: Well, it goes all the way back to 2004, I think, it was a long period of time. It was before the Internet. No I’m kidding. So it was really, I think, 2004 up through like 2015 or 2016.
Paul Ridzon: And that was $2.7 million you said?
Scott Lauber: It was $3 million hit for the quarter.
Paul Ridzon: Okay. And then you said when you give us a new CapEx deck, we could see more non-utility infrastructure. Do you think that higher level would be incremental to your utility plan, or are you going to pull some utility back and add the higher return non-utility?
Gale Klappa: No, I think – but very good question. But what we’re seeing in terms of the needed investment in our utility core infrastructure, I don’t see us pulling that back, because those projects are needed. So no, I wouldn’t see it diminish and if you will.
Paul Ridzon: Right.
Scott Lauber: We are not going to take capital spending plan away from the core utilities to move it into this particular category. So if anything there might be a bit of an upside, because I think what we’re seeing here again in terms of our utility core investments, those are needed projects for reliability. So that would stay steady as she goes. So you might see it, but I think you might see a bit of an uptick if the conditions we’re seeing persist in the other category. And again, to keep all this in perspective, today, it’s like 8% to 9% of an $11.8 billion capital plan. But I think, it again reflects the strength of the company that we can take opportunistic advantage of these kinds of good assets.
Paul Ridzon: How much more can you grow the CapEx without issuing equity?
Scott Lauber: Well, we’ll take a look at it, but – and again, our plan is not to issue equity. But as your earnings grow and as you get bonus depreciation from some of these projects, it gives you some room.
Paul Ridzon: Yes.
Scott Lauber: And we track all the metrics that you talked about before FFO to debt and the holding company debt to total get around that 30%, so those are metrics that we’re looking at.
Paul Ridzon: Just – I think you answered this one already, just want to make sure. Did you say you’re going to rebase the 5% to 7% growth or reconsider the 5% to 7% growth?
Gale Klappa: No, rebase. I mean, right now our 5% to 7% long-term growth rate is based off, as Scott said, the midpoint of our 2017 original guidance. So as we move forward to another year on capital spending, we’ll rebase our long-term growth rate off a newer number.
Paul Ridzon: But it’s a 5% to 7% up for reconsideration?
Gale Klappa: Based on everything we’re seeing, no, I think 5% to 7% will stay intact.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you for that clarification.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome. Good questions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Levi with ExodusPoint.
Andrew Levi: Hey, Gale, how are you doing?
Gale Klappa: I’m good, Andy. Are you Exodus or Xodus?
Andrew Levi: Exodus. I got to this from millennium, you know.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Oh, impressive, yes.
Andrew Levi: So as I listen, I mean, and obviously as I’ve seen through last two quarters come in the raising CapEx, obviously, what you’re saying about refreshing everything at EEIs. And also most importantly, in some ways looking at the top line growth and hopefully will continue into the third quarter. It sounds like at the very least when you rebase and I assume, I don’t want to kind of preview that. But you’re kind of be towards the high-end of your growth rate going forward, 6% to 7%. Is that the hope based on, especially if you do get that top line growth?
Gale Klappa: Andy, stay tuned and we’ll be happy to discuss in detail on the next call.
Andrew Levi: Okay, I tried. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Yes, you did a nice try, Andy.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of [indiscernible].
Gale Klappa: Jon, [ph] how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Pretty good and congratulations. Great results. I wanted to know, again, is there some way that one can translate like the sales growth in the gas businesses, I would say, a tremendous? Is this some way to quantify that, say, 2% growth in sales in gas equates to this much in earnings growth? Is there some kind of rule of thumb that one can apply to convert the sales growth into earnings growth?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Generally, we can do that. But I would caution you and Scott can – I’ll let Scott give you his rule of thumb. But I would caution you that we are somewhat earnings capped, because we have sharing mechanisms in place for all three of our Wisconsin utilities, including Wisconsin Gas. Wisconsin Electric has a gas component and Wisconsin Public Service has a gas component. So, all things being equal, we can give you a rule of thumb, but anything above our allowed rates of return, we properly share with customers. So I would just throw in a word of caution in terms of just blindly using the rule of thumb, because again, we’re in a promised area that, I think, is very healthy for everyone, where earnings above our allowed return of shares. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. No, that’s exactly correct, Gale. And when you look at sales – if you look at sales across all the sectors and you have about a 1% sales growth in residential, small commercial and transportation in Wisconsin, that equals to about 0.75% or $3 million pre-tax.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Scott Lauber: So it’s about $3 million pre-tax for 1% growth in all the sectors.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And so just on the point that you mentioned, Gale, sort of I’m assuming this year, you would be based on this really strong start to the year, you would be setting mechanisms in all those territories. Is that a fair assumption?
Gale Klappa: Assuming normal weather and normal expenses that we’re projecting going forward for the remainder of the year, yes, I would expect we would be in sharing in all three of the companies.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome. Great questions.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Vedula Murti with Avon Capital.
Vedula Murti: Good afternoon, guys.
Gale Klappa: [indiscernible], Vedula How are you?
Vedula Murti: I’m well. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Good.
Vedula Murti: A couple of things. One, going back to natural gas question. I mean, over a period of time and I don’t – and I think this is true in Illinois, but I wasn’t sure about Wisconsin about how trends have moved towards wanting to keep moving increasing to a larger fixed charge, less variable charge and moving increasingly to a decoupled model. And I’m wondering right now if you can remind me how decoupled or undecoupled you are in Wisconsin, which is helping, I guess, the uplift here and whether, in fact, going forward as you go through various rate cases, whether you want to – whatever exposure you currently have, you would like to maintain, or whether you want to take this opportunity, in fact, to move even further into a decoupled scenario, given at least what we’ve historically seen as long-term natural gas trends?
Gale Klappa: Vedula, let me kind of tackle that in two elements. First of all, we’ll talk about our largest gas delivery jurisdictions, Illinois and Wisconsin. In Illinois, there has been a decoupling plan in place for many, many years and it works quite well. But Illinois is basically decoupled and I expect it will stay that way for decades to come. In Wisconsin, we are not decoupled. And I really don’t sense in terms of the regulatory backdrop here, any big appetite to move toward decoupling at all. And frankly, I think, the coupling can be a mixed bag. First of all, getting the details of coupling right is a big deal. They’ve done a good job of that in Illinois. Here, I think, the growth we’re seeing and the growth we continue to expect to see, that growth really aligns the company and its business plan with economic growth. So for Wisconsin, I think, we’re going to continue to see the same type of regulatory environment and backdrop of the same type of regulatory treatment. I don’t see us moving to decoupling certainly not in the next rate case.
Vedula Murti: Okay. And to follow-up on Jonathan Arnold’s question about all those cumulative accounting noise issues and pension or OPEB, et cetera, if I looked at the release and everything correctly, I think, it was about $0.06, I think, at least, for this quarter if I’m – if that’s correct, that was a positive benefit. And I’m just wondering how we then think about that as we roll forward in terms of either normalization or sustainable, whatever it is?
Gale Klappa: Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yes. When you look at that and when we really factored all that is – all that in, we were really looking at that as part of our O&M expenses and really consolidating it altogether. So the offset, when you do the math, it looks like O&M expenses is not down as far as you think and that’s because some of these reclasses. So I really look at them together and I think together you have a good picture of where we are, we give the guidance and being down about 3% to 4%.
Gale Klappa: Yes, I think, Scott is right. We kind of have to piece through the details of these two pictures, put it all back together and we’re still on track for about the 3% to 4% decline that we had projected in O&M expenses compared to last year.
Vedula Murti: And two other last things. One, in Illinois, if I’m not mistaken, there’s a ROE adjustment mechanism based on levels of interest rates. And can you just remind me how that works? Where you guys stand? And when it gets – how that gets refreshed if we go into a higher interest rate environment in the future? And then I have one last question.
Gale Klappa: Vedula, I’ll suggest you save that question for Exelon, because in Illinois that, that rate adjustment tied to, I think, 10-year treasury rates applies only at this point in time to electric, not to natural gas.
Vedula Murti: Okay, that’s good to know. And secondarily, in terms of the utility CapEx, the current plan for $11.8 billion, I think, you indicated that through the period there is no net external equity in that drip and everything like that is basically able to be funded internally. If we roll forward at kind of what level of CapeX does that then start needing to, at least, on the margin need to have some marginal incremental equity for rolling at a $11.8 billion over the current five years? I mean kind of where is it like the line where you start thinking you may need something, this is like 13, I’m just making up a number, but I’m just – want to kind of get a sense for that?
Gale Klappa: Well, we’ll have a lot more detail for you on the next call as we refresh the capital plan. Remember though, some of the investments we’re making now push out the timeframe in which we become a tax – a cash taxpayer. And some of these investments also give us 100% bonus depreciation. So you really need to put all of the elements in there, and pretty soon it’s Ragu and it’s all in there. But I can tell you this. I think, we have some room because of the investments we’re making for some increase in the capital plan over five years with no equity issuances in our plan is no equity issuances, no drip. We don’t need it. The amount of outstanding shares we have today are going to be the outstanding shares we have tomorrow.
Vedula Murti: Thank you very much. And give my best to Allen, the next time [Multiple Speakers]
Gale Klappa: Sure. Well, thank you, Vedula. You take care.
Gale Klappa: Well, folks, that concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate you participating. If you have any other questions, feel free to call at Beth Straka, and her direct line is 414-221-4639. Take care, everybody. Bye-bye.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc. Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2018 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectation at the time that they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. It is now my pleasure to introduce Gale Klappa, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group. Mr. Klappa, the floor is yours.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the opening quarter of 2018. But first, I know that all of you are interested in an update on Allen Leverett's recovery from the stroke he suffered last October. I can report that Allen is in very good physical condition, and he continues to be engaged in intensive speech therapy at a leading rehabilitation center. The center specializes in helping patients who are having difficulty speaking fluently. Over the past few months, Allen has continued to make progress. He is working hard and he remains upbeat and determined. Now, many of you have also asked about our succession planning in the event that Allen can't or chooses not to return as CEO. As you would expect, we conduct rigorous succession planning discussions with our board on a regular basis. Guys, we've done so for many, many years. So, I can assure you that we have a solid plan B in place if Allen does not assume his previous role. The plan would involve a number of internal promotions. We would have great continuity going forward and the board and I are very comfortable with what I call plan B. We'll continue to monitor the situation during the second and third quarters of this year and we'll certainly keep you up to date on any new developments. Now, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, Treasurer; Bill Guc, Controller; Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported first quarter earnings of $1.23 a share, well ahead of guidance. Stronger than expected demand for natural gas and electricity, the strengthening economy and efficiency gains across our system were the major factors in our solid first quarter performance. Scott will provide you with more details in just a few minutes but, first, I'd like to update you on a number of recent developments. Just yesterday, we signed an agreement to acquire an 80% ownership interest in the Upstream Wind Energy Center. This wind farm is currently being built by Invenergy in Antelope County, Nebraska. Upstream will consist of 81 GE wind turbines with a capacity of 200 megawatts. We plan to invest approximately $280 million for our 80% ownership stake. Key permits and local approvals have been obtained for construction and operation, and we expect to close the transaction in early 2019 likely in February as the wind farm begins commercial service. Under the new tax rules, the investment in Upstream will qualify for 100% bonus depreciation and for production tax credits. The project has a long-term 10-year offtake agreement with a company that has a strong investment grade credit rating. We project this $280 million investment will earn a return similar to that of our regulated utilities. The transaction, of course, is subject to approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. I'm also pleased to inform you that on March 1, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission approved the purchase of the Forward Wind Energy Center. Our Wisconsin Public Service utility along with several partners closed the transaction on April 2. We now own 44.6% of this facility with an investment of approximately $80 million. Our customers will soon see real savings because the purchase of the wind farm eliminates a higher cost power purchase agreement. And now, an update on tax reform proceedings that recently took place in Wisconsin. As you may recall, the Commission order that approved our rate settlement last fall contemplated the potential impact of tax reform. The order recommended that benefits from a lower tax rate be used to reduce our regulatory asset balances, particularly those for uncollected transmission costs. In filings over the past few months, we proposed a formal plan with several options for the Commission to consider. Last Thursday, the Wisconsin Commission determined that 80% of the tax benefit would be used to offset regulatory asset balances, with the remaining 20% to be refunded in the form of bill credits. This decision applies to the electric customers of both We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service. For our natural gas customers in Wisconsin, the full amount of the tax savings will flow to customers through lower bills. We believe this was a thoughtful and balanced decision by the Commission. Also, on the regulatory front in Wisconsin, we expect to file for construction authority for our first solar farm by the end of the second quarter. Over the past few years, as you may know, utility-scale solar has increased in efficiency and prices have dropped by nearly 70%, making it a cost effective option for our customers, an option that also fits very well with our summer peak demand curve and with our plan to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Our effort to reshape our generating fleet for a clean and reliable future is especially important at this time of great economic potential for the State of Wisconsin. The unemployment rate in Wisconsin reached a record low of 2.9% in March. That's the eighth lowest unemployment rate in America. Meanwhile, more people are working in Wisconsin. More people have jobs in Wisconsin than in any other time in state history. And we are seeing additional potential as Foxconn Technology Group has begun its $10 billion investment in a massive high-tech manufacturing campus south of Milwaukee. Foxconn's construction team has set a goal to have 60% of the project completed by Wisconsin-based companies and 70% of the job hours worked by Wisconsin residents. Of course, we have plans that are now being developed and underway to provide both natural gas and electric infrastructure to the area that is now being called Wisconn Valley. The large scale development will provide additional investment opportunities for us, including approximately $140 million of gas projects and $120 million of transmission upgrades now being planned by American Transmission Company. And one final Wisconsin note, you may have read that several interveners in last year's rate settlement have asked the Commission to require a deferral of the non-fuel savings from the closure of the Pleasant Prairie Power Plant. They seem concerned that during the year and next we will reap some type of windfall from eliminating the operating costs of the plant. So, to clear up any confusion, there is no possibility of a windfall because we agreed to an earnings cap at Wisconsin Electric for the period of the rate freeze, which covers all of 2018 and all of 2019. Turning now to Illinois, we continue to make real progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization Plan. As a reminder, this program is critical to providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network that is modern, safe and reliable. For many years to come, we'll be replacing outdated natural gas piping, some of which was installed back in the day of Abraham Lincoln with state-of-the-art materials. We're currently on track to invest approximately $290 million in the effort during calendar year 2018. In addition, we've been working with the Illinois Commission on a bill credit to flow savings from the new federal tax law back to customers and on April 19, the Commission voted unanimously to approve the proposed bill rider. The rider takes into account the impact of Federal tax savings which are partially offset by an increase in Illinois state taxes. A typical Chicago gas customer will see a savings of approximately $2 per month. And now an update on our operations in Minnesota, on October 13 of last year, Minnesota Energy Resources filed a rate case with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. Recall that in our initial filing, we requested an increase in base rates of approximately $12.6 million or 5%. Interim rates have been in place since the beginning of this year and on April 1, those interim rates were adjusted to incorporate the positive impact of tax reform. A final decision on new permanent rates in Minnesota is expected by the end of this year. I might add that we're making excellent progress on our gas expansion project in the Rochester area, where the Mayo Clinic is growing rapidly. We've completed the first phase of a multi-year plan to strengthen and expand our infrastructure for natural gas delivery. And next, we'll turn to Michigan. As a reminder, we obtained a final regulatory approval on October 25 of last year for the construction of new natural gas fired generation in the Upper Peninsula. The project stands now at 42% complete. Our plan is to bring the new units into commercial service by mid-2019 and at that time or soon thereafter, we expect to retire our coal-fired power plant at Presque Isle. This project calls for a $266 million investment in 10 reciprocating internal combustion engines or as we call them RICE units. They'll be capable of generating a total of 180 megawatts of electricity. These units which will be owned by one of our Michigan utilities, Upper Michigan Energy Resources, will provide a cost effective long-term power supply for customers in the Upper Peninsula. And regarding tax reform for our Michigan utilities, we're working through a multi-step process to flow the benefits back to customers. And finally, a reminder about our dividend. At our January meeting, the Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend to $0.5525 per share, that's an increase of 6.25% over the previous dividend rate. Our annualized dividend now stands at $2.21 per share. And folks, this marks the 15th consecutive year that our stockholders will enjoy higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings; we're right in the middle of that range now. So, I expect our dividend growth will continue to be aligned with the growth in our earnings per share. And now, with details on our first quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2018, here is our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Gale. Our 2018 first quarter earnings grew to $1.23 per share compared to $1.12 per share in the first quarter of 2017. Our favorable results were largely driven by colder weather quarter-over-quarter, effective cost control and return on additional capital investment. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of first quarter 2018 and 2017 results. I'll first focus on operating income and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to page 8 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the first quarter of 2018 was $545.1 million compared to operating income of $614.7 million for the first quarter of 2017, a decrease of $69.6 million. Excluding two tax items totaling $120 million, operating income actually increased $50.4 million. The first tax item relates to the effective tax reform and the second item is the benefit of tax repairs as part of our Wisconsin rate settlement. You'll recall that our regulated utilities are currently deferring the benefits associated with the Tax Cut (sic) [Cuts] and Jobs Act of 2017. These benefits will ultimately be returned to customers. The accounting for this charge results in lower income tax expense and an offset to operating revenues. As part of our Wisconsin rate resettlement, we also agreed to use the benefits of tax repairs to offset the growth of certain regulatory asset balances. These escrow balances represent costs Wisconsin Electric incurred to provide electric service, but were set aside for future recovery. So, here's how it affects our financial reporting. The income statement accounting for tax repairs does three things. It decreases income tax expense, increases O&M, and reduces operating revenues related to these regulatory balances. All of this has no effect on net income. I'd like to refer you to page 7 of the earnings package where you can see each of the line items. Excluding the impact of these items, operating income increased $50.4 million. The following segments discussed will now focus only on the remaining $50.4 million increase in operating income. Starting with our Wisconsin segment, the remaining increase in operating income was $30.2 million. The impact from colder winter weather increased margins $20.4 million and lower operations and maintenance expense contributed an additional $11.9 million. In the first quarter of 2018, the remaining increase in operating income in our Illinois segment was $6.8 million compared to the first quarter of 2017. This was primarily driven by continued investment in the Gas System Modernization Program and lower operations and maintenance expense. Due to decoupling, the colder weather did not have a significant impact on Illinois margins. The remaining increase in operating income at our other states segment was $8.2 million. The change was primarily due to colder winter weather quarter-over-quarter and lower operations and maintenance expense. Turning to our non-utility energy infrastructure segment, excluding the impact of tax reform, operating income at this segment increased $8.2 million. Remember that this segment contains the operation of Bluewater Natural Gas Holding which was acquired on June 30 of last year as well as the results of We Power. Bluewater Natural Gas Holding contributed $7.8 million in the increase of operating income in the first quarter of 2018. The operating loss at our corporate and other segment increased $3 million quarter-over-quarter. We transferred completed software assets from our centralized service company to our regulated utilities. Accordingly, the return on these assets is now recognized by our regulated utilities. Excluding the two tax items we discussed, operating income increased $50.4 million. Earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $32.8 million, a decrease of $9.1 million compared to the first quarter of last year. Excluding the $10.7 million impact of tax reform, our equity earnings grew $1.6 million due to continued capital investment. Our other income, net, decreased by $10.8 million quarter-over-quarter driven by decreasing gains on investments. Our net interest expense increased $2 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by higher debt levels resulting from continued capital investments and higher short-term interest rates. Our consolidated income taxes decreased $125 million, as previously discussed lower tax expense was driven by the impact of tax reform and the flow through of tax repairs. We expect our effective income tax rate will be between 13% and 14% this year. Excluding the benefit of related tax repairs, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 21% and 22%. Combining all these items brings us to earnings of $390.1 million or $1.23 per share for the first quarter of 2018, compared to earnings of $356.6 million or $1.12 per share for the first quarter of 2017. Looking at the cash flow statement on page 6 of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities increased $179 million during the first quarter of 2018. Recall that we made a $100 million contribution to our pension plan in the first quarter of last year. Also, earnings improved quarter-over-quarter. Our capital expenditures totaled $440 million in the first quarter, a $110 million increase compared to the first quarter of 2017 as we continue to execute on our capital plan. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 51.4% at the end of the first quarter, a decrease from the 52.5% at the end of 2017. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 subordinated notes as common equity. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We continue to expect our FFO to debt metric to be in the range of 16% to 18%. We paid $174 million in common dividends during the first quarter of 2018, an increase of $10 million over the first quarter of last year. Higher dividends were driven by the 6.25% increase in the dividend level compared to the first quarter of 2017. Now, a brief update on sales. We see continued customer growth across our system. At the end of the first quarter, our utilities were serving approximately 9,000 more electric customers and 27,000 more natural gas customers than they did a year ago. Sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis on page 10 of the earnings package. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity for our Wisconsin and Michigan utilities, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 1.6% and were level with the first quarter of 2017 on a weather normal basis. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding gas used for power generation, increased 11.2%. On a weather normal basis and excluding gas used for generation, natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 4.9% and were above our expectations. Finally an update on earnings guidance, we are affirming our 2018 earnings guidance of $3.26 a share to $3.30 a share, with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range assuming normal weather for the remainder of the year. We expect our second quarter 2018 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.64 to $0.66 that takes into account April weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Now we will take your questions. Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Greg. How are you?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I am good. Hi, Gale. Hi, team. So I just want to know...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hey, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yes, sir.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You must have directed the Jets draft. You had a good draft.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Well, I told them they had to pick a quarterback that would be able to throw over the heads of the two corners the Green Bay Packers drafted, so...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: These guys got good vertical leap, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Excellent. Sorry about your bucks by the way.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: But onto the questions, can you talk a little bit more about the strategic rationale behind the wind purchase? Because the way that you described it, it's not clear to me that you're selling that power back to your utilities or that that's sort of an asset that would ultimately be requested to go into rate base. And if so, to whom is the PPA, whether that's disposable and how should we think about that? Because it seems like a step out from your normal sort of band of how you think about your strategy.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. No, I appreciate the question. It's a very good question. And, first of all, we have, as you probably saw when you look through the basic description of our capital plan over the next five years, the $11.8 billion capital plan that we're projecting for the next five years, we have a segment in there that we basically call energy infrastructure. And we put that in there frankly because we are beginning to see some opportunities, if you will, for the potential purchase of assets that some other companies are divesting, but they are good assets, they are assets that don't change our risk profile and that's a very important point with us as you know. But they are assets that can add to earnings, that can help us deploy capital in a very good way, that don't add to rate pressure at the retail level in Wisconsin or anywhere else. And in this case, although I think we're under a confidentiality agreement on the exact name of the off-taker, there is a 10-year offtake with this particular upstream property with a A-rated publicly-traded company. So they take all of the offtake for the entire 10-year contract and, of course, it does qualify as I mentioned for 100% bonus depreciation and for the production tax credits. So, we thought this was a really interesting opportunity for us. It's kind of the first major project that we're putting into that infrastructure category. I want to emphasize that well, it may be just a hair different than what we've done in the past. We are not going to change our risk profile by stretching for assets that don't fit the kind of return and risk adjusted returns that we've always tried to deliver. So, this may be the first of a number that you see in that category, but again the concept is taking advantage of some opportunities but not changing our risk profile. And down the road, we're going to need carbon-free energy as well. So I wouldn't rule out 10 or 15 years from now thinking about putting that asset in a rate base, but that's not the current thinking. The current thinking is that this is a solid asset without ever entering into a rate base in Wisconsin. Does that make sense to you, Greg?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Perfectly. And on that note, since I don't really have any question specific to the quarter, you're as usual off to a great start for the year in terms of your earnings goals. This is actually a debate that investors do have from time-to-time when looking at the current retail rate that your customers pay versus others in the region and thinking about as you deploy capital how are you incrementally going to be able to make that cost effective? And people sometimes talk about the escalator in your nuclear contract as being a headwind for that. Can you talk about the future levers you have to pull to continue to be able to offer a cost effective product as you do deploy capital inside the utility because in conversations I've had with you you seemed pretty confident that there is a long runway to be able to do that where others are more skeptical?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, again a very good question. And yes, I am confident in part. Well, first of all, let me back up. We will be – in 2019, next year, we will be in year number four of a retail rate freeze at Wisconsin. During that four-year period, virtually every utility around us has had to raise rates. When you look at our rates now, in fact, the Wisconsin Commission just put out a draft, the energy assessment. They do this every several years and they talk now about Wisconsin. The Wisconsin Commission in its draft report just last week talked about how the average bill in Wisconsin for the median income person in Wisconsin is lower than the region. So, we're starting to see others that provide electricity in the region have to raise rates as they move into their cycle of significant building. So, I feel very good about where we're headed from a competitive standpoint in offering a competitively priced product, number one. Number two, how we can continue to do that. I mean, I believe we have a long runway of O&M cost savings ahead of us. We've announced, for example, two more power plant closures, the Pulliam plant at Wisconsin Public Service in Green Bay. And, of course, we've been planning to close the Presque Isle Power Plant for a number of years. You put the O&M for those plants together and you're talking about close to $100 million annual O&M. So, we have a lot of cost saving initiatives. We have a lot of efficiency initiatives that are really coming out of our acquisition of Integrys, plus the opportunity now to actually green our fleet and save O&M costs. So, I feel very good about deploying the capital plan that we've laid out, the $11.8 billion plan over the next five years without any significant rate pressure in Wisconsin.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you, Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Greetings, Shar. How are you today?
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Oh, great. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. We're doing well.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. So just a real quick question on the tax filing. How does – just remind us how the verbal order from last week sort of compares to your plan assumptions, mainly focusing on the uncollected transmission cost balance? I mean, I guess at a cursory level looks like it's more constructive than what you assumed from your plan. So, there's obviously some positive cash flow impacts. And then also, is there any impact of the timing of your next rate case?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Shar, on your second question, no, there's no timing on the impact of the next rate case resulting from the tax reform decision by the Commission, none whatsoever. And in terms of how we view that compared to plan, if you recall, during the filings over the last few months, we proposed several alternatives for the Commission and I guess I would view the Commission's decision, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, as both balanced and thoughtful. I think it's right down the center of the fairway. Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, that's correct. It's 80% applied to those regulatory assets, largely the transmission asset at Wisconsin Electric, and what that'll do, is as you know, the balance of that account was going to be about $220 million at the end of 2019. Applying the benefits that the Commission did on tax reform here will lower it and then you put the benefits that we receive for tax reform for the American Transmission Company that balance at the end of two years will be about $40 million, so makes significant progress on reducing that balance.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We thought it was a very...
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Right. And...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm sorry, go ahead, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: No, no, sorry. Go, you Gale, start with it.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No. We thought it was a very – again a very thoughtful recent decision and really will make a big, big dent as Scott said in the unrecovered balance for transmission costs. And by the way, I wanted you to know that Greg promised if you were checking on him on Thursday, he'd be working.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: We'll see about that. I appreciate that. And then just let me ask you on Foxconn, maybe as you sort of think about the growth trajectory that you guys have out there and what's within plan, can you just, Gale, talk a little bit about some of the incremental opportunities, mainly on potential rooftop solar with Foxconn, incremental gas distribution needs, so as Foxconn facility continues to progress, how we should think about items that may not be "embedded" in your outlook?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. Good question, Shar. First of all, a little bit of background, earthmoving at the site of the Foxconn campus site will begin in the next few weeks and so much of soil has to be moved during the excavation process that excavation in and of itself will take until August of 19 to complete. If you take a standard football field, the 100-yard football field, enough earth has to be moved to basically fill that football field 1,475 times, means it's just an enormous, enormous project. So, basically all of the field work will begin in just a few weeks. I would think that we will start to see peak construction in 2020. And yes, there will be and there are incremental investment opportunities for us, both related to electricity and natural gas but the bigger surprise for us really is the level of natural gas demand. I think I may have mentioned in my prepared remarks that there's probably an additional $120 million of investments that we're going to need in natural gas delivery, in the infrastructure there, to get gas to that complex. And to the development that is now – we're now starting to see as you would imagine, we're now starting to see other developments announced. Someone just announced a new hotel just 6 miles from the Foxconn campus. So we're going to see the spin-off or the ripple effect development soon. And American Transmission Company has already filed for about $120 million transmission upgrade and there will be more to come. Now, in terms of our sales numbers though, Scott will update in the fall when we have our new capital plan, we'll update our sales growth projections that we'll probably start to see some reasonable incremental demand from Foxconn I would say late 2020, 2021.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: All right. That's helpful, Gale. And then just one last thing on sort of incremental opportunities. I think you've highlighted before in the past and you touched a little bit about the win. But given what you've seen is a lot of your peers that have been looking to mitigate some of their equity needs as a result of tax reform and then other various scenarios, is there also sort of an opportunity for you to look at contracted midstream assets? Are you finding given sort of the impact of tax reform of some of your peers that you may have some more willing sellers and is that something you'd be interested in looking at?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Shar, the short answer is yes. But, we will not do an investment that changes our risk profile. So – but there are a number of opportunities really even in the Midwest that we're seeing today that we would not have seen last year simply because of the impact of tax reform and other companies wanting, as you say, to mitigate the need for new equity. I mean, we're in a very fortunate position where we don't need new equity and we have some ability to take advantage of the opportunity to buy really strong assets that don't change our risk profile. So, I guess as they would say in the UK, watch this space.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful and congrats to a great start, Gale, and have a good week. Thanks, guys.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, Gale. How are you doing?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Michael. I'm good, Michael. Did you apply for your job at FOX Sports?
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: They recruited me, but I'm going to have to turn it down for now.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: There you go.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, I've heard from Michigan that there is a development of a winter peak almost a double peak in that state, that effectively what it does is it lowers the capacity factor that could be applied to solar, in other words, it wouldn't get as much of a, you know, maybe a lower capacity factor as a result of the double peak. I'm just wondering, I guess in that state, you're talking about a 50% CapEx or I think in Wisconsin, you guys are talking about 70%; I mean if you've heard anything like along these lines?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, not at this point. And right now for – again it's MISO that basically assigns the capacity factor. And right now to the best of our knowledge that remains at 70% in Wisconsin.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And on Foxconn's move, have you heard anything at this early stage about maybe additional companies looking to move to the stage to be part of the ecosystem that's being developed there at this point? I think you call what Wisc Valley or Wisconsin Valley?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, Wisconn Valley. It's the Midwest version of Silicon Valley. There has been nothing specific announced yet, but I can tell you just from being involved in the project that there are multiple companies that would become a need to become part of the Foxconn supply chain that are in the early stages of figuring out how they're going to locate and become actually part of that supply chain. But I am encouraged by one other development, and that is Foxconn is really looking hard at a number of Wisconsin companies to become part of their supply chain. So, companies that are existing here that would get more revenue, more production, more income by becoming part of the supply chain. So, I think it's going to be a combination of a number of companies moving to the state, but also a number of companies that are going to get additional business from the fact that they will be suppliers to Foxconn, but I think you'll start to see some announcements here in the next few months.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. And I'm glad to hear that Allen is doing well. All right.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Afternoon, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, afternoon. Thanks for taking the time.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, wanted to follow up a little bit on the balance sheet here, FFO to debt. I think you guys talked about a 16% to 18% ratio. Just going back to Shar's question for a quick minute here. Can you elaborate a little bit on where that puts you within that range given the outcome of the tax reform and the sharing that you all described in the transmission costs? And then I suppose secondarily as for the small piece of that, but the $280 million associated with the energy, I suppose it doesn't really move the needle all that much against the backdrop of that. But I suppose one could be perceived as offsetting the other?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, and I don't think so. First of all, I'll let Scott handle the 16% to 18%.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: So the 16% to 18%, it's going to move around a little in there, I would say 2018 because we are part year cash taxpayer, not a full year, we'll be at the top end of that 2018, maybe even squeak into close to 19%. Later on in the plan, it's in that 16%, it's right in the middle of the range I would say.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: But it's certainly not down in the 15% area.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I mean, we're above that, and in some point, as Scott said, we might even see 19%
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Early out in the plan here while we're not paying taxes, so that's why we're looking at other opportunities on the tax front, so we've a tax appetite to help.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Exactly. And in terms of the Upstream Wind Energy Center that we just announced, that could be a couple of cents a share. So, it's not $0.20 a share, but I think it's indicative of the fact that we are seeing some opportunities again that don't change our risk profile where we can deploy capital.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. And in fact, actually just to specify that since you bring it up, when you say the return profile is similar, the ROE, sort of the upfront earned ROE there, as you say a couple of cents is relatively comparable, right?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That is correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Excellent. And in fact, if I can keep going on that, I mean, you alluded to it already here in tax appetite, I mean in stepping into this contract in renewable world, clearly there is a desire for those paying cash taxes out there to absorb some of those tax attributes. Is that something we could very well see you kind of as a step two in the strategy?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It's certainly a possibility, Julien, absolutely.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Excellent. And then anything with respect to green tariffs for your own customers as you think about kind of satiating the demand from this evolving customer base?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, a couple points on that. We already have a pretty successful green tariff, it's called Energy for Tomorrow. And we have no issue with expanding that tariff whatsoever, as a number of our customers want to have some or all of their energy be green energy. But I do see there are some additional potential opportunities for us to make investments with customers where we would own the renewable and they would be an off-taker. So a lot of interest there, a lot of changes in the marketplace as both solar and wind have become more cost effective.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Thank you, all.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay, Julien. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon. How are you?
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: I'm very good. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We're doing well.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: Excellent. Well, thanks for all the detailed answers so far. I just had a clarification on the FFO to debt question and around the Wisconsin tax reform settlement. Just to understand, how much is the amortization and how much is the customer refund that you are resuming right now over the next two years as a part of that tax reform settlement?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, Scott is looking for a particular piece of information. I'll try to give you the answer to the first question. On our transmission escrow balance, we're just north of $200 million going into 2018. And I think as Scott said earlier, with basically with 80% of the benefits of tax reform flowing to reduce that transmission escrow coupled with the fact that there's going to be lower a benefit from tax reform from American Transmission Company as well that will help lower that balance. We think we'll take it all the way down to around $40 million by the end of 2019.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, that is correct. So – but if you look at Wisconsin Electric, the electric customers, it's about $70 million that's going to go against the regulatory asset with about $10 million to $12 million going back as bill credits. And in Wisconsin Public Service, we'll have about $28 million going against the regulatory assets and about $5 million going back as bill credits. And then the rest of the system, as Gale said, all the gas is going to go back as bill credits. So in total, when you look at electric and gas together, it's about $50 million going as bill credits to our customers and about nearly $100 million going against the balance sheet.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: I got you. So that's helpful. So that $50 million that's going back as a bill credit is effectively a reduction in FFO that's incorporated in your FFO to debt metrics as we think about your 16% to 18%?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Correct and exactly. So this is an annual number, that's the 2018 effect, and then similar in 2019.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And that's how we get from over $200 million down to $40 million, given that escrow balance for transmission.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: Got you, and that's super helpful detail. Thank you. And then just more a big picture just stepping back question. In terms of the renewable asset purchases, I know you've talked about the ROE, but in terms of an IRR, I just wanted to think about, given the cash tax profile, I guess you want the cash taxpayer in 2018. So the returns get pushed out a little bit in terms of your ability to utilize the tax attributes of these assets. What kind of IRR thresholds are you looking at as you look at renewable purchases?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I think you may have one little fact just slightly off. Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, so this transaction will close in 2019.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: February, we think of 2019.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. And we'll be a full cash taxpayer then. So we'll get the full benefits of the production tax credits, and we'll also since this is not considered utility property, it's outside the utility, we'll get 100% bonus depreciation also on those assets. And we look at it as if we're buying in the utility and what that regulated return would be around that 10% or 11%.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. We'll probably finance just like we do our normal assets, 50% equity, 50% debt, if that helps.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And that's all internal funding of the equity, no external shares we're issuing, none.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Correct. Correct.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: Got you. Got you. That's helpful. So that lines up well, I guess with your cash tax profile in 2019 in terms of the close of this deal.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Exactly.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: Okay. And then...
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You must have been in the room when we were talking about this.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: I guess, just a final question, I heard you mention a little bit of opportunity around the midstream side, and looking at some assets on that side or an opportunity on that side. Is that something you're looking at as a cash transaction? Is that how you're thinking of it? And if yes, what kind of holding company debt would you be looking to kind of take on as you look at some of these transactions?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I think one of your colleagues brought that up as a potential example. Let me go back to our five-year capital plan. And when you look at the pie chart that breaks down our $11.8 billion of capital spend over the next five years, you will see a segment called energy infrastructure and that segment is designed for us to deploy capital into the types of things we're talking about opportunistically. So, whether that's a fully contracted midstream pipe or whether that's a fully contracted wind farm or whether that's an investment with a customer that we would invest in solar or a gas storage. So there's a whole range of energy infrastructure type projects that we are going to be analyzing and looking at, as part of that five-year capital plan. This is the first entry into that segment.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. So in addition, we're looking at our holding company debt and like Gale said over that five-year plan that holding company debt to total debt to be 30% or less. Now, if some great opportunities come earlier in the plan, that percentage may go up a little bit and then we'll work it back down like we have done in the past when there are opportunities exist. So we did Bluewater gas storage. Now we have this one. If there's other opportunities out there we can take advantage of and get a return without changing the profile, we'll be looking at that.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. But the general concept is, as Scott just said so well, holding company debt to total debt at about 30%.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Praful Mehta - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc..: Got you. Super helpful, guys. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're more than welcome. Great questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Greetings, Paul. How are you today?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Well, Gale. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We're fine. We're just fine.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I think you probably just answered my question, but this Upstream is not an incremental capital, it was already baked into the forecast with a placeholder?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That is correct. Yes.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then you alluded to the fact that you're kicking tires out there. How big could this get?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, again, we've nailed down a segment for the next five years and the total amount in that segment, Scott, is roughly...
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It's approximately $1 billion over that five years.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. And I think there are opportunities that could certainly take us to that level over the five-year period. So, for the next five years, think about and maybe an incremental $700 million on top of where we are today.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And where is Upstream going to sit in the corporate structure?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It will be a separate sub...
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It will be in that infrastructure segment...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: ...where we have our We Power assets, our Bluewater Holding, and then this will also be in the infrastructure segment.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. So it'll be a separate sub in the infrastructure segment.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then just to clarify, I think I heard you say no external equity but possibly tax equity?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No external equity. It'll all be funded internally. We do have the benefit of the production tax credits since we are a cash taxpayer starting at the end of 2018.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, so read our lips, no new equity issuance.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: But could you say you might be tax equity investors?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: If that opportunity exists and we could get a reasonable return.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, we'd have to be both of those things, and overall not changing our risk profile. And if you'd like to go the Antelope County in Nebraska to see the Upstream under construction, we'd be happy to take you there.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I think I'll pass on that one. All right. Go Cav (48:12).
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, Gale, hi, Scott.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: How are you doing?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: How are you, Michael?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I'm fine. I'll take you up on the Nebraska and buy you a tune of the seven states in the Union I've not been to.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right, there you go.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: But let's find a Saturday and college football.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That would be excellent.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: One or two questions, I want to make sure I understood some of the Foxconn comments. Are you effectively raising your $11 plus billion CapEx guidance for the next few years based on some of the commentary about gas infrastructure needs and ATC related needs for Foxconn?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Not yet. I mean that may come depending upon the ancillary development, the additional development that we think will occur in that area, but at the moment, we're sticking with the $11.8 billion.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And just to make sure I understand the net cash impact of all of the different tax reform items that are kind of floating around. How should we think about what that does to just total cash flow over the next one or two years? How much does that bring cash flow down?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So there's a couple items. One, the bill credits that we're giving on an annual basis is going to be approximately $50 million in 2018 and 2019. Now, the other cash flow item is with the change in tax reform, we were going to be a cash taxpayer in 2019 and that moved up to 2018. So that's probably another I would say, $80 million to $100 million additional cash flow drag on the system that we have factored in into our FFO to debt metrics.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. So the total new impact for the Wisconsin kind of settlement that was discussed at the PSCW meeting last week, is really the electric bill credits, the $50 million.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's electric and gas bill credits, correct.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's together electric and gas.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. One question on solar, want to make sure I understand what do you think kind of like the levelized cost of solar in Wisconsin likely is?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, we're seeing some pretty interesting numbers but under $1,300 on installed kW.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And capacity factors that gets you into – if it were a PPA or if it were a rate-based asset, are we talking about something in the 30s per megawatt hour or above or below that level?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. Ballpark $0.03, yeah.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you, guys, much appreciate it.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're more than welcome, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Bone with Deutsche Bank.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Greetings, Caroline.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon. So a lot of my questions have been answered, but I thought I'd just ask. You've obviously had a lot of success driving lower O&M since the Integrys deal and I know going forward, you expect to see a lot of savings from plant closures. But I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more in detail about what's been driving the cost reductions, particularly in Q1?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I wouldn't just be happy to chat about that, I wouldn't necessarily separate out Q1 from any of the other type of progress that we've made because Q1 was a continuation of really the efforts that we've had underway since the acquisition of Integrys. So let me start first by saying the Integrys acquisition has allowed us to really streamline operations across our seven operating utilities. We now have six of the seven companies on the same billing platform. I mean, just to give you an example of now that we have most of our companies on the same customer information and billing system, we can optimize our call centers. We can reduce costs and improve quality. And that's just one example of thousands of examples of what the broader footprint and platform that we have now that we're the eighth largest natural gas distributor in America and one of the 13 largest publicly traded utility systems in the country, with 4.5 million customers. I mean, we just have tremendous opportunities that continue to surface related to driving efficiency and cost savings across the system. So we are – I mean there isn't any question about it. We are exceeding our initial projections on cost savings and efficiencies from the Integrys acquisition. But it is not one single thing. I mean it is every area where we're seeing gains and where our managers are really doing a good job driving efficiency. It's every single group, it's every single department, it's every single area of the company, and I'm looking at our new Executive Vice President and General Counsel, our Legal – no, I'm kidding.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That will come too.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thank you. I guess then my other question is just on you mentioned obviously the stories about customers asking for you guys to defer non-fuel savings related to Pleasant Prairie and I was just curious as to when you expect the PSC to actually rule on that?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, first of all, my understanding of this particular docket is that the Commission has 60 days from the receipt of the request to decide even whether to take up the issue. So we will make a response shortly to the request. But again, when you look at the request, it's really – I mean, we're being very consistent with the rate settlement and our promises in the rate settlement. I mean, we said, for example, multiple times during the process of the rate review last year that in order to maintain the financial integrity of the company and for these rates, we would have to cut about $115 million of costs out of the company. Well, the closure of Pleasant Prairie is just one of many initiatives. And I think that somehow as I mentioned, there may be some concern that oh, my goodness, we'll have some windfall but as you know, as part of the rate settlement, we're earnings capped so there will be no windfall here.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right, right. Okay, thanks. And then actually just one follow-up on the wind deal. So, you are guys are going to be buying an operating project once it's completed or actually involved in the building? Sorry to just clarify that.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No. Very good question. We will be buying 80% of an operating project once it starts operating.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're more than welcome. Very good questions.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Dan, you still have a job, that's fantastic.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Another week or two, I guess.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: How are you, Dan? Long time, no talk too?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Pretty good. How are you doing?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We're fine.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So, Carol just stole some of my questions I was going to ask about the O&M, but earlier you mentioned the $100 million from shutting down Presque Isle and I guess, Pleasant Prairie I think.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Pulliam in Green Bay.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Oh, Pulliam, okay. So is that a gross savings or is that because you're going to have some additional costs from the new gas plant and et cetera? So is that the gross savings or the net savings or how should we...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, that would be simply just the O&M reduction from the closure of the plant. So in your terminology, would be gross savings.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And I think they're gross, but...
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right, right, right. But that's not the bottom line impact you'll see from those closures because they're like for example in Michigan, you'll have the new plant operating costs, which would be lower probably than the coal cost, but still...
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes, substantially lower. Substantially lower, yes. But you're correct. Your analysis is correct.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And when is the timing for both of those again the close?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: The plan is to close Pulliam as soon as American Transmission Company completes the transmission upgrade in that area, which we're hoping will be in the fourth quarter of this year, but certainly by year end would be our plan. And then on Presque Isle, essentially the gating factor there is completion of the RICE units that we've talked about, these reciprocal internal combustion engines, and we would expect to be able to close Presque Isle by mid-to-late 2019.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Do you want to go to Antelope County, Dan?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Not in the winter, but maybe sometime I'll stop by.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That does sounds good, Dan. And let us know, so we don't scare you out there.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Dan.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Bye.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Bye-bye.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Well, I think that ladies and gentlemen wraps us up, concludes our conference call for today. Thank you again for participating. If you have any additional questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka and her direct line is 414-221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Bye-bye.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-31 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klappa - Chairman and CEO Scott Lauber - CFO Jim Schubilske - Treasurer Bill Guc - Controller Beth Straka - SVP of Corporate Communications and IR Peggy Kelsey - EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Nick Campanella - Bank of America Leslie Rich - JPMorgan Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year End 2017 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group. Mr. Klappa, the floor is yours.
Gale Klappa: Leverett Allen is in good physical condition and he continues to make progress in his recovery and rehabilitation work. Among other activities, Allen is engaged in extensive speech therapy at a leading stroke rehabilitation center. No specific time table has been established for his return to the Company, so as we announced a few months ago, I've agreed to serve as Chief Executive for as long as necessary. And on behalf of Allen and his family, I want to thank you again for your well wishes and all your support. Now, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, Treasurer; Bill Guc, our Controller; Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations; and the newest member of our senior team, Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. As many of you know, Peggy is stepping into the shoes of Susan Martin. Susan served the Company with real distinction for the past 18 years and should be retiring at the end of the first quarter, and we certainly wish her well. Peggy joined us last year from Modine Manufacturing where she was General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Her deep business background, her experience as a General Counsel at a public company, make her a perfect fit for our team, so Peggy welcome aboard.
Peggy Kelsey: Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You are welcome. Now, I'll just start from our news release this morning. We reported full year 2017 adjusted earnings of $3.14 a share. The colder than normal temperatures particularly between Christmas and New Year added $0.02 a share and drove us above the top end of our guidance range. I'll also point out that our reported earnings of $3.14 a share exclude a one-time non-cash gain of $0.65 a share from the tax reform law that was signed in December. This one-time, non-cash gain reflects the application of the new tax law for the Company's non-utility assets and to the assets of the parent company. We'll touch on the full impact of the tax reform in more detail in just a few minutes. Now, as we review the year just passed, I am pleased to report that our company performed at a high level on virtually every meaningful measure from network reliability to customer satisfaction to community involvement. We delivered record financial results. Our largest utility WE Energies was named the most reliable utility in America and the best in the Midwest for the seventh year running. We made significant progress upgrading the natural gas infrastructure in Chicago. And after reviewing our environmental, social and governance practices, Corporate Responsibility Magazine named us one of the 50 Best Corporate Citizens in the United States. In addition, our track record of reliability and competitive rates was a factor in the decision by Foxconn Technology Group to invest $10 billion in a high tech manufacturing campus here in Wisconsin. This is one of the largest economic development projects in American history. We expect Foxconn to employ 13,000 people, as they create a brand new industry here in the United States and right here in Southeastern Wisconsin. So, all in all it was a year of solid performance for our company. Next, I'd like to brief you on several developments on the regulatory front and on our capital investment plan going forward. You'll recall that on August 10th, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission unanimously approved our proposed rate settlement. We received our final written order on September 8th. Under the approved settlement base rates for all of our Wisconsin utilities will remain flat for 2018 and 2019. In total, this will keep base rates flat for four consecutive years and essentially gives us our customers' price certainty through 2019. The earnings sharing mechanisms that have been in place were extended through 2019 at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas and a similar mechanism is in place for 2018 and 2019 at Wisconsin Public Service. And just a reminder, customers and stockholders share equally in the first 50 basis points of earnings above our allowed rate of return then anything above the first 50 basis points will flow completely the customers. As part of the agreement, we’ve also expanded and made permanent certain pricing options for our large electric customers. These options will continue to help many of our customers grow their businesses, create jobs and reduce their energy costs. Now, the commission order that approve the settlement contemplated the potential impact of tax reform. The order suggested that the benefits from a lower tax rate, we use to reduce a regulatory asset balances particularly those for uncollected transmission cost. We expect to file a formal plan with several options for the Wisconsin commission to consider in early February. And now an update on Illinois, we continue to make real progress on the Peoples Gas system modernization plan. And on January 10th, the Illinois Commerce Commission issued a final order that supports continuing the program at the same scope, pace and investment level that we proposed. As a reminder, this program is literally critical to providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network as modern, safe and reliable. For many years to come, we will need to replace outdated natural gas piping, some of which was installed more than a century ago and is rusting with state-of-the-art materials. In addition, we’re working with the Illinois commission on a plan to flow savings from the new federal tax law back to customers in Chicago. Turning now to our operations in Minnesota. On October 13th, Minnesota Energy Resources filed a rate case with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. We're seeking to raise natural gas base rates by $12.6 million or approximately 5%. On November 21st of last year, the commission approved that interim rate increase at $9.5 million or 3.8%. These self implemented rates became effective on the first day of this year. And the final decision on new rates in Minnesota is expected by the end of calendar 2018. As part of the rate case, we will work with commission to factor in the impact of tax reform. Next, I would like to discuss our Michigan utilities, and as a reminder, we obtained final regulatory approval on October 25, for the construction of new natural gas fire generation in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Site preparation begins within days of the commission order. Our plan is to bring the new facilities in the commercial service by mid 2019 and at that time or soon thereafter, we expect to retire our coal-fired power plant at Presque Isle. The project calls for a $266 million investment in reciprocating internal combustion engines, we call these RICE units. They will be capable of generating up to 180 megawatts of electricity. These units, which will be owned by our Michigan utilities, Upper Michigan Energy Resources, will provide a cost effective long-term power supply for customers in the Upper Peninsula including the iron ore mine owned by Cleveland Cliffs. On tax reform for our Michigan utilities, we submitted a filing on January 19th estimating the impacts of the reductions in tax rates. We're proposing to defer the effects of tax reform in Michigan and factor the balances into our next rate case. So in summary looking ahead through 2018, it should be a relatively quite year from a regulatory standpoint. We have a base rate freeze in place in Wisconsin, and beyond the outstanding rate case in Minnesota, we don’t plan to file a traditional rate case in any of our jurisdictions. Turning now to our five-year capital spending plan, our updated five year plan, you recall we rolled that out in November totals $11.8 billion, an increase of $2.1 billion over the previous five year plan. I would note that this does not include our share of the projected capital investments at American Transmission Company. Our updated capital plan is focused on reshaping our generation fleet for a clean reliable future. Our approach calls for greater reliance on natural gas and solar energy to meet customer demand for electricity. In addition to the 180 megawatts of RICE generation that we talked about in Michigan, we plan to add another 50 megawatts of RICE generation in Northern Wisconsin in the Wisconsin Public Service territory by 2021. We also have the option as you recall to invest up to $200 million in the Riverside power plant that's a natural gas fired facility being built by Alliant. And importantly, we plan to expand our renewable generation portfolio. Over the past five years, utility scale solar has increased in efficiency and prices, prices have dropped by approximately 70%, making solar a cost effective option for our customers and option that also fits very well with our summer demand curve. Utility scale solar will not only better balance our energy supply with customer demand but will also help reduce our power supply costs and our CO2 emissions. We're currently in discussions with developers and we plan to file for approvals with the Wisconsin Commission this spring. Finally, you'll recall that our Wisconsin Public Service Utility along with Wisconsin Power and Light and Medicine Gas and Electric have agreed to purchase the Forward Wind Energy Center from Invenergy. The total purchase price is approximately $174 million. We will own 44.6% of the facility with an investment of approximately $78 million. On January 16th of this year, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved the sale. We are now awaiting Wisconsin Commission final approval. Our customers will see real savings because the purchase of the wind farm will eliminate the existing power purchase agreement. We expect to close on the transaction sometime in the first half of this year. And finally, a word about our dividend policy, at this January meeting, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend to $55.25 per share. That's an increase of 6.25% over the previous rate. The new quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $2.21 per share, and folks this will mark the 15th consecutive year that our company will reward our shareholders with higher dividends. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're at the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And now with details on our 2017 results and our outlook for sparkling 2018, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Lauber. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. Our 2017 GAAP earnings were $3.79 per share compared to $2.96 per share in 2016. The 2017 results include earnings from recurring operations of $3.14 per share and the net impact of one-time non-cash adjustments totaling $0.65 per share. As Gale mentioned, these one-time adjustments reflect the application of the new tax law to the Company's non-utility assets and to the assets of the parent company. Excluding the deferred tax benefit, our 2017 adjusted earnings were $3.14 per share. This is an increase of $0.17 over our 2016 adjusted earnings of $2.97 per share. As a reminder, our 2016 adjusted earnings excluded $0.01 of acquisition costs. For the rest of my presentation, I'll refer exclusively to adjusted earnings. Our favorable results were largely driven by effective cost control and additional capital investment. This was partially offset by lower electric sales volume resulting from significant cooler summer weather compared to the summer of 2016. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes the comparison of fourth quarter and full year 2017 and 2016 results, both GAAP and adjusted. For 2017 results, I'll first focus on operating income by segment and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to page 12 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for 2017 was $1.785 billion as compared to adjusted operating income of $1.686 billion in 2016, an increase of nearly a $100 million. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income totaled $1.066 billion for 2017, an increase of $39 million from 2016. On the favorable side, operations and maintenance expenses were significantly lower. This was partially offset by a lower sales margin closely attributed to the cool summer weather in 2017. Our Illinois segment recorded operating income of $273 million an increase of $33.4 million compared to 2016. This increase was primarily driven by continued investment in the gas system monetization program and lower operations and maintenance expense. Our Other States segments recognized operating income of $54.2 million, an increase of $4.3 million compared to 2016. This also was primarily driven by lower operating and maintenance expense. Turning to Non-Utility Energy Infrastructure segment, operating income at this segment was up $24.9 million, remember that this segment contains the operations of Bluewater Natural Gas Holdings which was acquired on June 30th, as well as the result of We Power. Operating income from our Power the Future plans increased $16.5 million, reflecting additional investments. Bluewater Natural Gas Holding contributed $8.4 million to operating income in 2017. The adjusted operating loss at our corporate and other segment increased by $1.9 million year-over-year, taking the changes for these segments together, we arrive at nearly a $100 million increase in adjusted operating income. Earnings from our investment in American Transition Company totaled a $154.3 million, an increase of $7.8 million over the last year. In 2016, we recognized lower earnings from ATC as a result of administrative law judge recommendation related to return on equity reviews being conducted by FERC. Our other income net decreased by $16.2 million year-over-year. Recall that we recorded a gain in 2016 related to the repurchase of certain Integrys notes at a discount as well as a gain on the sale of Wisvest. These items were partially offset by higher gains and investments that we recognized in 2017. Our net interest expense increased $13 million year-over-year primarily driven by higher debt levels resulting from continued capital investments. The increase in pre-tax earnings year-over-year drove the $22.3 million increase in our adjusted consolidated income tax expense. The adjusted effective tax rate decreased slightly from 37.6% in 2016 to 37.2% in 2017. Looking forward, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 22% and 23%. We're still evaluating the full implication of tax reform and as always, we will continue to update you on the changes during our next call. With the latest tax law changes, we do expect to be a cash tax payer by the end of 2018. Combining all these items bring us to adjusted earnings of $997 million or $3.14 per share for 2017 compared to adjusted earnings of $941 million or $2.97 per share for 2016. Looking at the cash flow statement at Page 8 of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities increased $23.9 million during 2017 compared to 2016. This decrease was driven by $100 million contribution to our pension plan in January 2017, partially offset by the year-over-year increase in operating income. Our capital expenditures were approximately $2 billion for 2017, a $536 million increase for 2016 reflecting our continued investment in our core infrastructure. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 52.5% at the end of 2017 and increase from 51.9% adjusted debt to capital ratio at the end of last year. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 Series A Junior Subordinated Notes as common equity. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required in our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Some of you have recently asked how tax reform will affect the cash flow and credit matrix. We now expect our FFO to debt metric to be in the range of 16% to 18%. We also paid $657 million in common dividends during the 2017, an increase of $31.6 million over 2016 reflecting the dividend increase last year. Turning now to sales, we continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of 2017, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 20,000 more natural gas customers than they did a year ago. Sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis on page 15 and 16 of the earnings package, weather-normalized sales factor out the effects of leap year in 2016. Overall, retail deliveries of our electricity for our Michigan utilities excluding the Iron ore mine were down 1.6% and as weather-normalized basis decrease four tone of 1%. Turning to natural gas deliveries, as you may recall our Illinois segment is largely decoupled and its margins are less affected by weather. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin excluding gas use for power generation were up 4.3%. On weather-normalized basis and excluding gas use for generation natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 3.7% and we're above our expectations. And now I will briefly touch on our 2018 sales forecast for the state of Wisconsin our largest segment. We're forecasting a slight decrease one tenths of one percent in weather-normalized retail electric deliveries excluding the iron ore mine. We project Wisconsin weather-normalized retail gas deliveries excluding gas used for generation to increase by three tenths of one percent. At this time, I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2018. As you know, we expect long term earnings per share growth for WEC Energy Group to be in the range of 5% to 7% of a base of $3.09 per share. This was the midpoint of our 2017 guidance. So, looking ahead, our guidance for 2018 is in the range of $3.26 per share to $3.30 per share. This is in line with our longer term growth expectations. Our guidance assumes normal weather and the estimated impact of tax reform. Finally, let's look at the first quarter of 2018 guidance. In the first quarter of last year, we earned $1.12 per share. As you may recall, the first quarter of 2017 had warmer than normal weather which is offset by effective cost control. Taking these factors into account, we project first quarter 2018 earnings to be in the range of $1.14 per share to a $1.16 per share. This assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. Once again, first quarter guidance for WEC Energy Group is $1.14 per share to $1.16 per share. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Scott, very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And Sarah, I think we're now ready for the question-and-answer portion of our conference call.
Operator: All right. Thank you. At this time, we'll take your questions. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon: Good outlook, do you think we're going to get Kirk Cousins over in Jet land?
Gale Klappa: I am betting on that and it's interesting without Aaron Rodgers, the Packers look like the Jets, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Fair enough, fair enough, I think rather have them the Packers even without Aaron and Jets spring. But let me ask you a question on in terms of the impact of tax reform, can you refresh our memories on the rate deal that you have in Wisconsin? My understanding if my memory serves me correctly. Is that you have a regulatory asset associated with the transmission investment that hasn't been rolled into rates, but the tax reform is going to allow you to work down that balance is that correct?
Gale Klappa: Greg, you've got a good memory. Actually and this was I think a very positive forward looking approach in the rate settlement, both by the interveners, the commission staff, the commissioners and our company. And it is not a mandated order, but when you look at the wording in the order that approved the rate settlement. It strongly suggests that the benefits of tax reform that we file a plan to apply, some or all of the benefits of tax reform to working down this regulatory asset balance that sits on our balance sheet. And that regulatory asset balance is largely for as you pointed out, transmission costs that we've incurred but we've not yet rolled in the rates, that's a pretty sizeable asset balance roughly about 400 million, if I am correct.
Scott Lauber: The transmission is just a little over 200 million.
Gale Klappa: Just over 200, okay, so it's pretty sizeable. So, we'll file a plan on February 9th and obviously the follow-through on that -- on that strong suggestion in the rate order that we -- what we used the benefits of tax reform to basically pay down that credit card IOU. So, that's a very positive thing I think, a very forward looking thing that was part of the rate settlement. So to kind of answer your question more broadly, there're kind of three big moving pieces here when we try to estimate the overall impact or the bottom line impact of tax reform. First is, assuming we begin to pay down that asset balance for transmission. The second is, as you know the value of interest deduction is lower with the lower tax rate, so there is a drag at the holding company on holding company interest. And then the third is, the elimination of bonus depreciation effective January of 18th which will add to rate base. So, you kind of put all those three in the blender and our best estimate right now is about a $0.05 to $0.06 drag, on overall earnings per share as the net impact of tax reform.
Greg Gordon: But that's baked into your guidance for 2018 and your confidence in your growth rate. So you factor that in to…
Gale Klappa: That is correct. And you know, we're very good at looking ahead and planning, so the idea that there would be some potential drag from tax reform is something that our team's been looking at really since about midyear 2017. So, this wasn't a surprise to us. We were planning to steps that we needed to take to overcome the $0.05 or $0.06 drag, and you're correct, we're still on the 5 to 7% growth track with the guidance that Scott just gave you.
Greg Gordon: Last question, if this -- does your capital expenditure budget fully contemplate the capital needs that go along with this Foxconn construction project in terms of all the demand pool and infrastructure that might be required? Or are we going to be looking for an update once you have a full sense of the scope there?
Gale Klappa: I think we have tried to factor in as best we know on the electric side. So in terms of electric, Wisconsin Electric Capital, expenditures I think we've done a good job of rolling that in. But as we work now and extensively every week actually with the technical people who are going to be responsible for constructing that huge campus, 23 million square foot campus, I think we and they are beginning to realize that there may be some additional and it could be substantial some additional demand for natural gas capacity that may require some fair amount of capital to make sure we're properly serving their natural gas needs. So, the answer's kind of mixed, yes, I think we've cranked in the electric demand and the capital associated with that. But I think there's going to be some upside on the natural gas capital, and Greg I would expect, we'll start seeing the demand from Foxconn start to really ramp up in 2020, 2021 and certainly 2022.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Since you know, you said that the $0.05 to $0.06 is fully inclusive it's like net all effects. Is that included things like the reduction of deferred tax liabilities, We Power, the amortization overtime? And also, are you expecting to hit the 50 bps threshold at Wisconsin Electric because rate being under the rate freeze?
Gale Klappa: Well, first question first. I guess the best way to answer your question about tax reform to the best of our knowledge it's like Ragu, it's all in there.
Michael Weinstein: Do you include any sharing from…
Gale Klappa: Our current plan has each as we always have added the good success in doing. Our current plan assumes that each one of our operating units actually earned their allowed rate of return. So, this particular we would not -- we're budgeting for sharing.
Michael Weinstein: Does that mean you don’t anticipate happening or is just not budgeted?
Gale Klappa: That means at the moment we do not anticipate it happening.
Michael Weinstein: What happens to FFO to debt, after the rate free ends in 2019? How long does that regulatory asset amortization continue? And how long does it prop up before the debt?
Gale Klappa: Well, right now that will have to be decided in the -- assuming there is a rate case in 2019 in Wisconsin Scott that would have to be decided in that case.
Scott Lauber: In that case for effective 2020, but right now we look at our five year plan, we’re in that 16 to 18 range. Prior to tax reform, we have 16 to 19 that's kind of took us off the top of the end of range, but we're comfortable in that 16 to 18 range.
Michael Weinstein: So even after perhaps some of the effects of tax reform enrolled into customer rates at some points, you’re thinking 16 to 18 kind of number to the, at least in this five years.
Gale Klappa: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Campanella with Bank of America.
Nick Campanella: I just want to go to the 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt. Is that something that the agencies are comfortable with? Just know given Moody's has been in pretty vocal about this for the broader utility group, have you guys said whether you will be willing to defend your ratings? Or how should we kind think about that as we get pass 2019?
Gale Klappa: Let me say this and I'm going to ask Scott to give you his technical view on what Moody's are saying. But first of all, we work very hard to have one of the best balance sheets in the industry. So, we’re cognizant of the fact that we want our metrics to merit -- to merit, the kind of ratings we're getting right now. But have been said that, you will notice that in Scott's comments, it's been consistent with what we said along we do not have any plans issue any additional equity. We think we’re going to be able to stay in the kind of 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt as Scott has mentioned, certainly we're not issuing any additional equity. And one of the other things that I think is important historically the Wisconsin Commission which is still where we have the largest percentage of our assets has always been very vigilant and very cognizant of the fact that they want strong credit quality utilities. So, I think you put all that together and we believe we have the capability again without issuing any additional equity to stay in the range. Scott?
Scott Lauber: That’s correct, that 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt range basically Moody's at the holding company has us on a negative outlook, which that negative outlook puts us at a rating in that 16% to 18%. I feel very comfortable that we'll maintain that rating then. And like Gale said, no equity issuance needed in the plan.
Nick Campanella: And then just moving something else on the wind PPA, where you're replacing this with an ownership option. Are there other situations across your jurisdictions where we could be looking towards similar strategy, anything that we should pay attention to do there?
Gale Klappa: Well, I would say not necessarily in 2018, but watch the space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich: I had a question on your utility scale solar investment. Just wondering, how much you're thinking you might allocate towards that in terms of CapEx, and if that's part of your five year plan or that would be incremental?
Gale Klappa: It is part of the five year plan and we're looking at the specifics right now. We're tentatively -- again we have -- we're still talking with developers. But if I were to venture a guess, I think it would be too pretty sizeable size, perhaps one in the Wisconsin Public Service area in Northern Wisconsin. But again, we're looking right now and talking with a number of developers. And Scott, it is in our five year plan.
Scott Lauber: Yes, it's in our five year plan, and it's really in the couple of segments. Early on, I would say about 300 million to 400 million in the first few years, and then we have about 350 million in the later part of the five year plan.
Gale Klappa: And Leslie, we expect to make some final decisions and file for a construction authority approval with the Wisconsin Commission this spring.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: Just a question on tax reform at the unregulated businesses, I assume, We Power just flows through to a predetermined ROE, but what happens at Bluewater and ATC?
Gale Klappa: Scott?
Scott Lauber: So, at Bluewater, that was contemplated in the affiliate interest agreements with the three Wisconsin utility. So that would get pass through the affiliate interest agreement and get passed through to our customers through their purchase gas adjustment clause. So that will get factored in and then customers will receive the benefit. At ATC of course they're formula rates there and those formula rates will get passed through then to our utilities. As a reminder that also would help the escrow balance at our utilities, at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service.
Gale Klappa: So the thought would be that the change in tax rates that benefits ATC would flow through and we would use that to reduce the asset balance for uncollected transmission cost.
Scott Lauber: Correct.
Paul Ridzon: In Wisconsin that's dollar for dollar, so there's no really earnings impact there?
Gale Klappa: Correct. That is correct.
Paul Ridzon: And then in Michigan, just some clarification, we've over earned in Michigan because you're saving that -- those taxes for later. Are you going to hang up the regulatory liabilities for those?
Gale Klappa: No, we would hang it up on our balance sheet and track it. And then factor it into the next rate case. That is what we filed. I will see what the Michigan Commission responds with.
Paul Ridzon: And who you're looking for Gale? Don't they pay you, any other answer will work.
Gale Klappa: A sentimental thing, Doug Pederson, the Head Coach of Eagles used to be the quarterbacks coach when Brett Favre was Green Bay. So there is a sentimental attachment there where Brady's have to be.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your last question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quickly, first of all gas demand and I may have misheard, but it seems like you're putting a pretty conservative number in 2018 guidance for weather-normalized gas demand especially and if you can -- you or Scott can remind us, the levels of weather-normalized gas demand that you've realized over the last few years?
Scott Lauber: Well, certainly last year, 2017 our weather-normalized demand growth with natural gas, this is at retail now excluding power generation was up more than 3%. That's a surprisingly good number and the economy is strong but not knowing how sustainable that is and Scott I actually talked in this morning, our customer growth has been about 1% on the natural gas side. So you know, not knowing how sustainable that kind of 3 percentage kind of growth is we've achieved, three-tenths of 1%. Michael you're correct it’s been about 3% the last couple of years and we think that's related to conversions and the stability of natural gas prices we've also seen some industrial customers convert to natural gas. I just don't think those conversions once they convert, I don't know if they'll continue and every time and plant gets replaced, it’s more efficient. Just to put it in perspective though about a 1% increase in natural gas demand adds about a $0.05 or about $3 million to earnings. So, it's not, you know it's very nice. So, if we get a little more growth that'll be all positive, but it's not extremely large number.
Gale Klappa: And Michael, as we get closer to 2020, 2021 you'll probably see us revive our gas demand because of what we expect to be pretty sizeable demand from Foxconn.
Michael Lapides: Right, understood, one other question, you've got a bit of build for short term debt balance at the end of the year. We've seen rate move and how are you thinking about we are hedging whether we are terming out some of that short term debt or other actions you can take to potentially you know head off at the past what could be a very, a minor EPS headwind just from simply higher rates?
Gale Klappa: Well couple of things and first of all, we do have a pretty robust financing plan for 2018 and there may be some opportunities there that we're certainly looking at. However, in our budget in our guidance and in our forecast, we have assumed in terms of short term interest rates, we've assumed four out of four quarter point increases from the Fed, one every quarter in 2018. And I think that's a reasonable assumption. So basically, we've got a very, I think a very appropriate interest rate forecast baked into our guidance, and then there maybe some opportunity with our financings over the course of the year to do better.
Michael Lapides: Got it, last thing in your estimates for ATC your transmission earnings. Can you remind us, what ROE, are you booking for GAAP income statement purposes?
Gale Klappa: Well, on our longer term estimate, because we expect that allowed ROE from FREC will come down. Our longer term projection is 10:2 and Scott we’re booking a little better than that right now.
Scott Lauber: Right now, we’re currently booking 10.82, which is based on the first decision for this first case decision. We're assuming that gives results sometime in the middle of this year, but long-term we do have that 10.2 factored into our forecast.
Michael Lapides: So in other words, the ATC earnings power for at least half of this year. Has an elevated ROE that you, when you think about your multiyear growth rate, you don’t use when you kind think about 2019 and beyond?
Gale Klappa: Correct, you got it, you nailed it. And I will say this, everybody speculating about the new members of FERC and the methodology they might use to set is on a reasonable this. I personally and I could be wrong, but I personally do not see the FERC lowering transmission ROEs below state ROEs. Just be countered everything that FERC is trying to accomplish. So, we feel very comfortable with the 10.2.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, folks, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for taking part. If you have any more questions, please feel free to contact Beth Straka, her direct line, and operators are waiting 414-221-4639. Thanks everybody. Take care.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc. Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2017 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group. Mr. Klappa, the floor is yours.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sarah, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we review our performance for the third quarter of this year. Now, before we dive into our update this afternoon, I'd like to take just a moment to thank you for the incredible outpouring of prayers and support and good wishes for Allen Leverett following his stroke earlier this month. I can tell you that Allen has been released from the hospital and is making progress in his recovery. I will continue to serve as Interim Chief Executive for as long as necessary, but the ultimate goal is obviously to bring Allen back. But again, your kindness and concern have meant a great deal to Allen and his family and a great deal to all of us as well. My thanks. Now, I'd like to introduce the members of our senior team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, Treasurer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Bill Guc, our Controller; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. We'll begin with our third quarter results. As I am sure you saw from our new release this morning, we reported third quarter earnings of $0.68 a share. We delivered a solid third quarter, largely driven by effective cost controls. Our focus on cost management and efficiency gains was a major factor in offsetting the impact of mild summer weather compared to last year's third quarter. Those cool temperatures were particularly noticeable during August, which is normally one of the two warmest months in the Midwest. Next, I'd like to brief you on several developments on the regulatory front and on our capital investments. On August 10, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission unanimously approved our proposed rate settlement. We received our final written order on September 8. Under the approved settlement, base rates for all of our Wisconsin utilities will remain flat for 2018 and for 2019. In total, this will keep base rates flat for four years and essentially gives our customers price certainty through 2019. The earnings sharing mechanisms that have been in place will be extended through 2019 at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas and a similar mechanism will now be in place for 2018 and 2019 at Wisconsin Public Service. Now, just a reminder, customers and stockholders share equally in the first 50 basis points of earnings above our allowed rate of return. Anything above the first 50 basis points will flow completely to customers. Now as part of the agreement, we've also expanded and made permanent certain pricing options for our large electric customers. These options will continue to help many of our customers grow their businesses, create jobs and reduce their energy costs. Turning to Michigan. I'm pleased to report that we obtained final regulatory approval just yesterday for the construction of new natural gas-fired generation in the Upper Peninsula. We also received all local approvals that are needed to move forward with the project. Our plan is to bring those facilities into commercial service in 2019 and at that time or soon thereafter, we expect to retire our coal-fired power plant at Presque Isle. The approved project calls for a $265 million investment in reciprocating internal combustion engines. They will be capable of generating up to 180 megawatts of electricity. These units, which will be owned by our utility subsidiary in Michigan, Upper Michigan Energy Resources, provide a long-term generation solution for customers in the Upper Peninsula and that includes the iron ore mine owned by Cleveland Cliffs. And now, for an update on Illinois. We continue to make progress on the Peoples Gas system modernization program. Since we acquired Peoples Gas, we've made significant improvements in a number of important metrics. We've lowered contractor construction cost by 15%. We've achieved a 70% decline in customer complaints. Construction timelines have been reduced by more than 25% and I'm pleased to say that our working relationship with the City of Chicago is greatly improved. Our system modernization program, as you've heard, is designed to make the gas distribution network in Chicago safer, more reliable, less expensive to maintain. As you may recall, we still have an open docket (5:54) on the preferred approach to this long-term project. We expect a decision by the Illinois Commerce Commission by year-end. And consistent with our 2017 plan, we're on track to invest approximately $300 million on the effort in Chicago this year. Turning now to our operations in Minnesota. On October 13, Minnesota Energy Resources filed a rate case with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. We're seeking to increase natural gas base rates by $12.6 million or approximately 5%. We've also requested under the procedures available in Minnesota, to self-implement an increase of $9.5 million or 3.8%, effective January 1 of 2018. A final decision on new permanent rates is not expected until the first quarter of 2019. I'd also like to update you on a recent FERC decision related to the System Support Resource payments for the Presque Isle power plant in Michigan. In its decision, FERC ordered a refund of $22.6 million associated with the payments that we received for the period February of 2014 through January of 2015. As you may recall, this is very close to the amount that the administrative law judge recommended last year. So consistent with our previous statements, the amount of the refund will not result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction in net income and we have taken the FERC decision into account for our year-end guidance. Next, I'd like to remind everyone that we will be rolling out our new five-year capital forecast at the EEI Finance Conference in early November. Over the past few months, Allen shared the developing plan with me in my role as Chairman of the board. In the past few weeks, I've of course reviewed the capital plan in great detail and I share Allen's optimism about the direction of the plan. Now, one piece of that new five-year plan has just been put in place. Our Wisconsin Public Service Utility in Green Bay, along with Wisconsin Power and Light and Madison Gas and Electric have purchased the Forward Wind Energy Center from Invenergy. The total purchase price is approximately $174 million. We will own 44.6% of the facility with an investment of approximately $78 million. Forward consists of 86 GE wind turbines with a capacity of about 130 megawatts. The wind farm is located 10 miles south of Fond du Lac in the eastern part of the state. If approved, Wisconsin Public Service customers will see real savings, because we will be able to eliminate the existing power purchase agreement. Pending regulatory approvals, closing on the Forward Wind Center could take place next spring. Again, we look forward to sharing more about our new five-year capital plan at EEI and we really look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead. And speaking of opportunity, you may have heard about the blockbuster announcement this summer, the announcement that Foxconn has chosen Wisconsin for one of the largest economic development projects in American history. Based on revenue, Foxconn is the fourth largest tech company in the world. And Foxconn has decided to bring a brand-new technology called 8K to the United States. The company plans to invest $10 billion to build a massive production plant that could employ as many as 13,000 people in Racine County just south of Milwaukee. We expect the electric demand from this Foxconn campus to be more than 200 megawatts, that's approximately three times the size of our current largest Wisconsin customer. And that does not include the demand that will develop from the suppliers that will also need to locate near the Foxconn facility. Foxconn has chosen a site in southeastern Wisconsin that is perfectly situated on our transmission network. We will not need to build any new generation. Our state-of-the-art network is well-equipped today to provide reliable, low-cost energy to Foxconn. Now, on top of that, folks, if you like gummy bears, and you know who doesn't, I have more news for you. The German candymaker, Haribo, has also selected Wisconsin for its first-ever manufacturing facility in North America. So, as you can see, the manufacturing economy in Wisconsin is alive and well. And now, with details on our third quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of 2017, here's our esteemed Chief Financial Officer, Scott Lauber. Scott.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Gale. Our GAAP earnings were unchanged from the third quarter of 2016 at $0.68 per share. You may recall that our 2016 third quarter earnings included $0.01 of acquisition costs. Excluding these costs, our adjusted earnings were $0.69 in the third quarter of 2016. Our results were primarily driven by a return to normal weather conditions, offset by positive impact of cost control. Weather in 2016 was 43% warmer than normal in Southeastern Wisconsin. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of third quarter and year-to-date 2017 and 2016 results, both GAAP and adjusted. There were no adjustments made to GAAP earnings in 2017. My focus will be on the quarter, beginning with operating income by segment and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to page 9 of the earning packet, our consolidated operating income in the third quarter of 2017 was $393.6 million compared to the adjusted $402.5 million in the third quarter of 2016, a decrease of $8.9 million. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income decreased $19.4 million quarter-over-quarter. Lower margin was driven by a return to normal weather and a normal fuel recovery pattern. This was offset by operations and maintenance expense that was $39.9 million lower compared to the third quarter of 2016. Last year, we recorded $18.6 million in operations and maintenance expense related to the earnings-sharing mechanism in place at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas. In the third quarter of 2017, Our Illinois segment recognized an operating income increase of $800,000 compared to the third quarter of 2016. The increase was primarily driven by continued investment in the gas system modernization program. As expected, operating loss in our Other States segment increased $2.1 million, driven by higher depreciation and amortization expense, resulting from an increase in capital investments in our gas distribution utilities. Turning now to our Non-Utility Energy Infrastructure segment. As a reminder, this segment contains the operations of Bluewater Natural Gas Holding, which was acquired on June 30 of this year, as well as the results of the Power the Future plans. For the third quarter, operating income in this segment was up $9.7 million. Bluewater Natural Gas Holding contributed $5.9 million to operating income in 2017. Operating income from our Power the Future plans increased $3.8 million, reflecting the additional investment at these plans since the third quarter of 2016. Operating income at our Corporate and Other segment was $1.1 million for the third quarter of 2017, an increase of $2.1 million from the adjusted operating loss in the third quarter of 2016. Taking the changes for these segments together, we arrive at $8.9 million decrease in adjusted operating income. During the third quarter of 2017, earnings from our equity investment in American Transmission Company totaled $39.2 million, an increase of $900,000 compared to the same quarter of 2016. Other income net increased by $8.9 million quarter-over-quarter. This was largely due to two items; higher investment gains related to our deferred compensation plan and we incurred losses in our third quarter of 2016 related to the disposition of some non-utility assets. Interest expense increased $4.7 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by an increase in debt levels resulting from continued capital investments. Turning now to consolidated income taxes. We still expect that our effective income tax rate will be between 37% and 38% this year. Combining all these items brings us to earnings of $215.4 million or $0.68 per share for the third quarter of 2017 compared to adjusted earnings of $219.1 million or $0.69 per share for the third quarter of 2016. For the year-to-date, adjusted earnings increased $0.07 to $2.43 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2017, compared to an adjusted $2.36 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This was largely due to cost control and efficiency gains. Looking at the cash flow statement at page 7 of the earnings package, net cash provided by operating activities increased $24.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2017 compared to the same period in 2016. A reduction in working capital and higher operating income were partially offset by $100 million contribution to the pension plan in January 2017. Our capital expenditures totaled $1.3 billion for the first nine months of 2017, a $309.1 million increase compared to the same period in 2016 as we continue to invest in our core infrastructure. Our debt to capital ratio was 51.9% at the end of September, unchanged from the end of 2016. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 Series A Junior Subordinated Notes as common equity, we are using cash to satisfy any shares required in our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We paid $492.4 million in common stock dividends during the first nine months of 2017, an increase of $23.8 million over the same period last year. Moving to sales, we see continued customer growth across our system. At the end of September, our utilities were serving approximately 9,000 more electric and 18,000 more natural gas customers than they did the same time a year ago. Sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis on page 13 and 14 of the earnings package, on a year-to-date basis, weather-normalized sales factor out the effects of leap year in 2016. Overall, normalized sales results for natural gas were slightly above our expectations and retail electric sales were slightly below our expectations. Turning now to our earnings forecasts, we are reaffirming our 2017 earnings guidance of $3.06 a share to $3.12 a share with an expectation of being in the upper end of the range. This projection assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Scott, thank you very much. We're on track and, as always, focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And operator, I believe we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Now, we will take your questions. Your first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Afternoon, guys.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Shar, how are you?
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good, how are you?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We're doing well.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Just really one question for today, with Presque Isle, you're roughly 7 million tons short of what your internal target is. Is there any sort of updates that you can provide on sort of additional coal retirements, and maybe looking at some of the assets like North Oak (18:49) or Pleasant Prairie and sort of how are you thinking about that?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I can tell you that we have a generation restructuring plan under review, and we'll be able to provide you with a lot more detail when we roll out our five-year capital forecast at EEI.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. I'll wait – we'll wait till EEI. Scott, definitely give our best wishes again to Allen for a speedy recovery.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you very much. We appreciate it.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Julien. How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good. Good. Again, I want to echo Shar's comments. Please do send our best to Allen, or Allen, if you're listening, all the best. Wanted to touch base quickly on the O&M reductions, clearly the team's done an incredible job year-to-date. Can you comment a little bit on the drivers of this and thoughts into the years ahead on the cadence of the reduction? And then, perhaps, in tandem with that, I'd love to hear your thoughts on recovery, from a regulatory perspective, of the latest investment you all are talking about on the wind side, just given the stayout (20:00), et cetera?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. Sure. Well, I'll frame the answer for you and will let Scott provide some additional detail. But in terms of the – and the team has done a great job on O&M reduction, much of the O&M reduction that we're seeing here is from efficiency gains, not just one-time cost controls. And a lot of what we're seeing is really enabled by the fact that at the end of June of 2015 we acquired Integrys and we're ahead of plan clearly in terms of cost savings resulting from the acquisition. Most all of the cost savings that we've seen so far through the first nine months of this year, Scott, are really from our Wisconsin operations.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It's actually been Wisconsin was mainly in this third quarter, but across all the enterprise; Illinois, Wisconsin and Minnesota and Michigan, all the utilities contributed. Each one of our operations managers and vice presidents have plans in place to continue to take costs out of the business. So, we continue to see even next year taking additional cost out in future years.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And we're seeing – Scott is exactly right. I think you're going to continue to see efficiency gains and cost reductions going forward. A lot of it, I think, is going to come from the generation side of our business and we'll talk a lot more about that as we roll out the new five-year capital plan. But we see continuing good opportunity, really strong opportunity for ongoing cost reduction, Julien.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And then the second part of the question was talking about our new investment in the wind farm and those – that Forward Wind investment, we already have those costs are included in rates. So, it's already part of a purchase power agreement and we're just converting it to an asset-earning investment versus a purchase power agreement.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: So rather than an O&M expense that flows through fuel, basically, we've converted that or will convert that upon closing, as Scott said, to an earning assets that will actually reduce cost for customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. So, technically, that couples back into the first question here around the cadence of costs, you've delineated yet another point into next year. In fact, actually, if I could kind of press you a little bit further, are there opportunities like this one to convert fuel expense into earning assets? This seems pretty novel.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, why don't we just say this, stay tuned, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: There we go. Excellent. Well, all the best. I hope to see you all soon. And again, Allen, all the – best of luck with the recovery.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Afternoon, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Afternoon, Gale. I wish I could say, I'm hearing your voice under different circumstances. Always enjoy hearing your voice. Please pass along my thoughts to Allen and the family.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I have a question. It's interesting. Wisconsin has made a lot of progress in terms of the utilities across the state, meeting the Renewable Portfolio Standards. And yet, if you did a screen of states that are still very coal-heavy, Wisconsin would show up in the top tier of U.S. states. How do you think this changes for the state as a whole and for your utilities in the state over the next five to seven years? And what do you think the types of resources are that drive that to change? And how does this fit given what – given the utilities are largely already in compliance with the Renewable Portfolio Standard?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, it's a good question, Michael. Let me try to give you two or three thoughts on that. First of all, I really can only speak about our utilities, which would be We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service in Green Bay. But when you look at the broader picture, remember, we have set a goal to reduce carbon emissions by essentially 40% by the year 2030 off 2005 levels. We believe we can do that without significant rate pressure because of what's occurred with the improvement and the efficiency and the cost of some renewables. Believe it or not, I mean when you when you look at just what's happened with the efficiency of the utility scale solar, I mean, even three or four years ago for Wisconsin, you might see, oh gosh, $4,000 a megawatt installed – cost of $4,000 a megawatt installed for a large utility scale solar plant in Wisconsin. That's today down to circa $1,300. So, what's going to be driving the restructuring of generation portfolios, not just in our state, but elsewhere, particularly where they're coal heavy, is really economics. And we're seeing significant economic changes that will allow us to add more renewables to our fleet. In part we're able to do that and not put pressure on rates, because we already have a state-of-the-art backbone, if you will, from the Power the Future units that we've already built and are in place. So, I think we're very well-positioned to continue to take costs out, to continue to reduce carbon emissions. But at the end of the day, I mean the company's goal is really to maintain a diverse fuel supply, less of coal – clearly, less of coal. But at the end of the day, we probably, 10 or 15 years from now, will look like a third, a third, a third. Basically, a third coal or a third fossil fuel, a third renewables, third natural gas. Does that help at all, Michael?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That helps a lot. Thank you for that. I know that's a little bit of a longer-term question, so I appreciate answering that as well as you possibly can, given what's in the public domain. I have one for, Scott, and this is a question of – I mean, I think if I were to take a poll of investors, most people think coming at EEI either this year or next year or some future year, your capital budgets will move higher, there is more renewable investment coming, there is more other investment coming. I guess the question really, I'd ask you, Scott, is how much balance sheet capacity do you think the company has, whether it's for incremental rate base growth or you've shown the ability to successfully integrate another company, whether it'd be incremental M&A? How are you thinking about the strength of the balance sheet and how much room or excess capacity the current balance sheet has?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. That's a good question, Michael. And when we look at it, we're looking at it in a couple of metrics, we look at our holding company debt as a percent of total debt, keeping it under 30%, but remember that's funding the equity, that's making good utility return investments. So we're looking at that. And we look at our FFO to debt at that 16 to 19 range, and looking at our plans and the plan we talk about at EEI, we'll roll it out, we're going to be comfortable in those ranges with no additional shares being issued.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay, guys. Thank you. Much appreciated, guys.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Take care, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi. Good afternoon.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Dan, you're back?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yeah.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: About that life coach stuff I was offering you, now that I'm sitting in for Allen, be happy to try to guide you, because I know you probably got a little off-track in the last year or so.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yeah, I've just been kind of lost in the woods.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. Exactly. So, any help I can give you, just let me know.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. I appreciate that. And I would also like to echo the best wishes to Allen in his recovery.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Dan. We'll certainly pass your goodwill along.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. I had a question kind of around the current tax reform proposals and debate in terms of, have you thought at all about – I know you have amount of (28:28) maturities in – I think $550 million in June in next year, along with $800 million or so of short-term debt. Have you thought at all about there's been some proposals to eliminate interest deduction, but grandfathering in current debt. Has there been any thought of doing any pre-funding of any of those maturities or short-term debt to try to lock in the deductibility of those interest expenses?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Dan, we thought, first of all, you might buy up all the non-deductible stuff. No, that's not true. Let me say this, that the whole picture related to interest deductibility, bonus depreciation, the whole picture is pretty murky right now. I mean, we've obviously had some very good discussions with the tax writing people in the House. Of course, Paul Ryan is very involved in the crafting of the legislation. But it is just way too early to think about a pre-funding or think about any change in our plan. We're going to have to see, first of all, whether tax reform actually gets completed and then what the real details are. And there's some thought that there might be an optional election on interest deductibility with a trade-off on another tax deduction item. We just have to see. At this point, I think anything that – I mean we're obviously looking at the landscape, but anything that I might tell you would be pure speculation until we really understand the details, I understand the House passed a budget today which raises the percentage possibility that tax reform will actually take place. But we're just going to have to see the details and then we'll figure out where to go.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then I was wondering if you could just give us a little more color on, particularly the industrial demand picture. I noticed that was down again and that should be less impacted by weather than the other classes. Other than the Foxconn and the mines, what you're seeing from your other industrial customer demand?
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We'll be happy to do that. And I'll ask Scott to chime in as well. Let me just say this – and you've heard me say this before. On a very short-term basis, I'm quite skeptical of our ability to weather normalize accurately. And you are correct, industrial demand should be less weather sensitive than any other group of customers, but there's still some weather sensitivity. So, I think we need to look over a much longer period of time than just one quarter versus a comparison to another quarter where it was 43% warmer than normal. So, I wouldn't be overly-concerned, one way or another, about one quarter's results. But we are seeing some, what Scott calls, green shoots in three or four specific industry sectors and we'll let Scott tell you about those.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So – exactly, Gale. So, as we mentioned before, we track this information on a daily and quarterly basis, looking at this. And we're starting to see a couple areas of some growth. We have basically four sectors; the food and food products sector, the paper products area, actually rubber and plastics, and another sector that just kind of showed up this quarter is fabricating metal. So encouraged by what we're starting to see in these individual sectors and hopefully that growth continues as we move forward here.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And for what it's worth, and Scott and I have talked about this, the Foxconn demand growth – the demand growth we'll see from Foxconn and demand growth we'll see from Haribo and several of the other really good economic development projects that have come to fruition, we haven't yet put those in our numbers. So, for example, Foxconn, I wouldn't think, would affect our industrial sales until probably 2020. And then, they'll ramp up, obviously, from the start. But our projections today really do not include any of those recent developments. Correct, Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. That is correct. We're still just being very conservative to make sure that we have the appropriate efficiency gains to be able to do our capital investments, but there's potential upside here.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And it wouldn't surprise you that Scott and Allen are being very conservative.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome, Dan.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Gale E. Klappa - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much. That concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate you participating. If you have any additional questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. Her direct line, 414-221-4639. Again, thank you very much, everyone. Take care.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc. Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter. I want to start by introducing the members of our team who are here with me today, Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, our Treasurer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Bill Guc, Controller; and finally Beth Straka, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now, as you saw this morning, we reported second quarter 2017 earnings per share of $0.63. Effective cost controls and warmer than normal June weather contributed to a solid second quarter. Scott will provide more detail in a moment. We are affirming our current 2017 guidance of $3.06 per share to $3.12 per share, with an expectation of being in the upper end of the range. This is in line with our expected long-term earnings per share growth of 5% to 7%. Now, I would like to update you on our major investments and several developments on the regulatory front. On June 30, we closed the acquisition of Bluewater Natural Gas Holding after the Wisconsin Public Service Commission approved the investment. This $230 million investment in natural gas storage will provide approximately one-third of the current storage needs of our Wisconsin Natural Gas Distribution companies. Bluewater will have a long-term service agreement with each of these three companies. The earnings and risk profile from this investment are expected to be essentially the same as if the storage was owned by our local gas distribution companies. I believe this investment will bring very meaningful benefits to our customers. You may recall on April 4, we filed a proposed settlement agreement with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. Now under the terms of the settlement, the currently approved base rates for all of our Wisconsin utilities would be frozen for 2018 and 2019. This would make a total of four years that base rates will be flat, and essentially gives our customers price certainty through 2019. The settlement also requires that we continue to manage our costs aggressively. Under the proposed agreement, the current earnings sharing mechanisms would be extended through 2019 at Wisconsin Electric and at Wisconsin Gas. In addition, a similar mechanism would be put in place for 2018 and 2019 at Wisconsin Public Service. There would be equal sharing between customers and shareholders of the first 50 basis points of earnings above Wisconsin Public Services' allowed return on equity of 10%. All earnings above 10.5% would go back to benefit customers. As part of the agreement, we are looking to expand and make permanent some electric pricing options for our large electric customers. These options have helped many of our customers reduce their energy costs, grow their businesses, and create more than 2,000 jobs. These changes will allow us to retain an effective economic development tool and avoid a price increase for customers whose current pricing options would expire under existing terms. The settlement has the support of a board cross-section of our industrial and commercial customers. In addition, state legislative leaders are supportive. The Commission began consideration of the proposed settlement on April 20. Then on May 25, Wisconsin Commission staff issued a schedule outlining the key dates. On July 19, the Wisconsin Commission staff issued a memorandum in response to our proposed rate-freeze settlement. Staff's review confirmed an electric revenue deficiency, and thus in my view, demonstrated that the settlement we arrived at with our customers remains in the best interest of all of our customers. However, the staff proposed a wide range of conditions to the settlement. Unfortunately, none of these conditions are acceptable to us. Looking forward from today, comments to the staff memo are due on August 2. Reply comments are due on August 8. We expect the Commission to make a decision on the proposed settlement in the late August to September timeframe. Should the Commission reject the proposed settlement, I expect we will file a traditional rate case. In Michigan, our proceeding to obtain regulatory approval for the construction of new gas-fired generation in the Upper Peninsula is progressing well. We anticipate receiving Michigan Commission approval within the 270-day statutory deadline which ends on October 27. In addition, we have received all local approvals needed to accommodate the project. If approved by the Michigan Commission, we expect this to be a $265 million investment. Turning to Illinois, we continue to make progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program. This program is designed to make our gas distribution system in Chicago safer, more reliable and less expensive to maintain. Consistent with our plan, we expect to invest $300 million in the program this year. Now, a reminder on our dividend. On January 19, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.52 per share, which is an increase of $0.025 or 5.1% over the previous quarterly dividend level. This represents a compound annual growth rate of 6.6% from the 2015 fourth quarter level. Our annualized dividend level stands at $2.08 per share. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. Given that we are right in this range now, I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with our earnings per share growth. Finally, here in Wisconsin, we're seeing some promising economic activity with state's per capita real GDP is growing faster than the U.S. average. Wisconsin's unemployment rate fell to 3.1% in May, the lowest it has been since 1999 and well below the U.S. average of 4.3%. In Southeastern Wisconsin in particular, there are a number of active ongoing projects. Now with some additional details on our first quarter results and the financial outlook, here's Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Allen. Our 2017 second quarter earnings increased to $0.63 per share from $0.57 per share in the second quarter of 2016. Effective cost controls continued to have a positive impact on earnings. We exceeded our guidance for the second quarter which, as you recall, was $0.56 to $0.60 per share. Lower than expected cost at our Illinois utilities and longer than normal June weather contributed to these results. The earnings package placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of second quarter and year-to-date 2017 and 2016 results. My focus will be on the quarter beginning with operating income by segment, and then other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to page 7 of our earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the second quarter of 2017 was $362.2 million as compared to $332.1 million in the second quarter of 2016, an increase of $30.1 million. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income in the second quarter increased $8.9 million from the second quarter of 2016. On the favorable side, operation and maintenance expense was $29.1 million lower. This was largely offset by lower customer usage related to mild weather conditions in April and May. In the second quarter of 2017, our Illinois segment recognized operating income increase of $18.8 million compared to the second quarter of 2016. The increase was primarily driven by reduced operations and maintenance expense and continued investment in the Gas System Modernization Program. Operating income in our Other segment improved $2.4 million related to lower operations and maintenance expense resulting from cost control measures. Following last month's acquisition of Bluewater Natural Gas Holding, our We Power segment was renamed the Non-Utility Energy segment. For the second quarter, operating income at the Non-Utility Energy segment was up $4.6 million. This increase reflects the additional investment in our Power the Future plan since the second quarter of 2016. Beginning in the third quarter of 2017, this segment also will include the results of Bluewater. The operating loss at our Corporate and Other segment was $6.2 million for the second quarter of 2017, an increase of $4.6 million compared to the second quarter of last year. Taking the changes of these segments together, we arrive at $30.1 million increase in operating income. During the second quarter of 2017, earnings from our equity investment in American Transmission Company totaled $41.8 million, an increase of $10.9 million compared to the same period of the prior year. Recall that in the second quarter of 2016, we recognized lower earnings from ATC as a result of the ALJ recommendation related to the FERC ROE reviews. Other income net decreased by $19.3 million quarter-over-quarter. Driving the decrease was a $19.6 million gain recognized in the second quarter of 2016 from the sale of the chilled water generation and distribution assets of Wisvest. Interest expense increased $1.8 million quarter-over-quarter, driven by lower capitalized interest. Turning now to consolidated income taxes. We still expect our effective income tax rate will be between 37% and 38% this year. However, our effective tax rate in the second quarter was down 1.8% when compared to the same period last year due largely to the settlement of several items. Combining all of these items brings us to earnings of $199.1 million or $0.63 per share for the second quarter of 2017 compared to $181.4 million or $0.57 per share for the second quarter of 2016. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $43.9 million during the six months ended June 30, 2017, compared to the same period in the prior year. A reduction in the working capital and higher operating income were partially offset by a $100 million contribution to the pension plan in January 2017. Looking at the cash flow statement on page 6 of the earnings package. Our capital expenditures totaled $790 million in the first half of 2017, a $171.3 million increase compared to the first half of 2016 as we continue to invest in our core infrastructure. I want to remind you, we also invested $230 million through our acquisition of Bluewater. However, this investment is identified as a separate line on the cash flow statement. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 51.5% at the end of June, a decrease from the 51.9% adjusted debt-to-capital ratio at the end of last year. Our calculation continues to treat half the WEC Energy Group 2007 Series A Junior Subordinate Notes as common equity. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We paid $328.3 million in common dividends during the first six months of 2017, an increase of $15.9 million over the same period last year. Higher dividends were driven by the 5.1% increase in the dividend rate compared to the first half of 2016. Moving to sales. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of June, our utilities were serving approximately 9,000 more electric and 13,000 more natural gas customers than they did the same time a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis on page 11 and page 12 of the earnings package respectively. On a year-to-date basis, weather-normalized sales are adjusted to factor out the effects of leap year in 2016. Overall, normalized sales results for natural gas were above our expectation and retail electric sales were slightly below our expectations. Turning now to our earnings forecast. As Allen mentioned, we are affirming our 2017 earnings guidance of $3.06 a share to $3.12 a share, with an expectation of being in the upper end of the range. This projection assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Finally, I'd like to address the third quarter earnings per share guidance. As a reminder, during last year's third quarter, we earned $0.68 per share. This included $0.01 of acquisition cost to arrive at adjusted earnings of $0.69 per share. Earnings that quarter were primarily driven by weather that was 43% warmer than normal in Southeastern Wisconsin and related positive fuel recoveries that were partially offset by Wisconsin sharing mechanisms. These items add approximately $0.07 to the quarter of 2016 to arrive at a base of $0.62 per share. Taking these into account, we expect our third quarter 2017 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.63 to $0.67 per share. This assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. With that, I'll turn things back to Allen.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Scott. Operator, we're now ready for the question-and-answer session portion of our conference call.
Operator: All right, thank you. Now, we will take your questions. Your first question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hello, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: How are you?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I just want to understand sort of procedurally what the potential scenarios are at the Commission with regard to the Staffs' suggestions, right? So, they basically said, A, approve the deal as filed, which is clearly your preference. Another one is, reject it and have them file the rate case, which is pretty obvious. But the third path is not so clear to me. If the Commission were to say, we accept the settlement, but imposed the conditions that the Staff had opined be implemented, at that point, could you say, we'd rather file a rate case? Or would you be then compelled to accept that decision?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, we'd not be compelled to accept the decision, so maybe just to state for everybody on the call to make sure they understand your question. So basically, you have a scenario, Greg, where the Commission says well, all right, we accept the settlement subject to the addition of some or all of the conditions that the Commission staff propose, so that's the hypothetical scenario. Well, in that scenario, given the way the settlement was structured, it's not severable. So if it's not accepted in whole, well, the settlement basically falls away unless we and the other parties who came up with the settlement, unless we all agree to a different set of conditions. So, we wouldn't be compelled, Greg, in the scenario you lay out to accept that modified settlement, if you will. And as I described in the opening remarks, the next step would be, we'd file a general rate case.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's what I thought. I just wanted to hear you state that so that it was clear because looking at the conditions, they were clearly put – they seem to, at least some of them, put a lot more pressure on unit control costs by virtue of not allowing you under certain of those conditions to continue to defer costs and by reducing the amount you could earn on significant regulatory asset balances, right? So, it would seem to me that unless you had – were able to pull off some herculean effort vis-à-vis cost cutting, there would be the potential for some significant regulatory lag under that scenario. Is that fair?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. I agree with that description.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. That was my only question. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Liou with JPMorgan.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Larry.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just touch quickly on how you plan to address the ratings pressure at Moody's?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'll let Scott talk about – and I think Larry's question is about the recent action that Moody's took and whether we have any actions that we would plan in response to that. Is that fair, Larry?
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Exactly.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: So, just to remind everyone, Moody's at our Wisconsin utilities moved them down one notch from A1 to A2 and they described several reasons and one of them is the recovery of some of the regulatory items and not having riders compared to other jurisdictions. With that, now they've put our holding company on a negative watch or outlook also. We're continuing to monitor our holding company debt to total debt, and that's one of the items I think they'd like to see that come back a little faster than we've reduced it. However, as we continue to find good investments such as the Bluewater investment, that will add some stress to the holding company, but it's good for the customers and good for the shareholders as it continues to improve earnings. So we're monitoring that holding company debt and as you can tell, watching our financials as tight as possible.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess just on Bluewater, can you just remind us how you financed the acquisition again?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. So, the way it'll be financed, Larry, initially of course, we'd just take down commercial paper at the holding company to fund the $230 million acquisition price. $115 million or roughly half of the investment down at the sub will be equity and then another $115 million will be non-recourse debt, meaning non-recourse to the holding company debt down at the Bluewater Holding level. And then so we'll take $115 million from that financing and pay down some holding company debt. But the holding company is essentially funding its equity contribution, if you will, into the subsidiary with debt up at the holding company.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hello, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, everyone. Hey, Allen and Scott. How are you?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Just one question, with the Bluewater acquisition, you're kind of sort of chipping away at some incremental growth opportunities that can help you maybe get you above the bottom end of your range. Is there sort of any updates on additional growth opportunities you're kind of working on, maybe the Arizona opportunities or additional storage assets, anything that could help get you above?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. Thanks for the question. And I guess we – in the November, actually early November timeframe, probably around the EEI Finance Conference, we'd provide a complete update on our five-year capital plan. So, I don't have any incremental update today. But what I would say is I'm feeling very optimistic about additional opportunities. Some of those kind of in the areas that you were alluding to in your question, in the midstream natural gas assets where we would purchase assets that we could either financially or physically integrate with our natural gas distribution company. So, feel optimistic, but what I'd rather do is really provide a complete update and a five-year plan in early November.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: That's super-helpful. Just for – I think we've talked about sensitivity purposes. Roughly what is it, the capital program, around $1.5 billion over a five-year period could equate to about 1% incremental growth?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. Yes. Just to be clear. So, if you look over a five-year plan and you invest $1.6 billion of capital and let's assume that that's levered 50/50, so, 50% equity, 50% debt and then you earn approximately a 10% return on the equity piece. You're exactly right, that would add 1 percentage point to the five-year compound annual growth in EPS.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Terrific. Good results, guys. Thanks.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hello, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good afternoon. How are you?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just did you book any FERC ROE complaint, reserves, or refunds in this quarter?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, it was – the entry we talked about in the prepared comments was in 2016.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And did you quantify that?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: So, this – I don't know the exact dollar amount. It had to be around $8 million, I'm assuming, $8 million to $9 million.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Pre-tax?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Pre-tax.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hello, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hey, how are you doing?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm good. How are you?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm managing. I just wanted to sort of follow up on Paul Ridzon's question there. The ROE, just if you could break it down for me. It seems like the FERC transmission impact seems a lot more this quarter than last quarter. If you could just walk me through why it's so much more?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. I mean, it's a good question. Last year in the second quarter, the ALJ came out with their decision to, for their second case, to have the FERC ROE was at – for the second case at 10.2%. Now remember that's 9.7% plus a 50 basis point adder to 10.2%. And that time, then we looked at the complaint period and took an entry in that quarter to record that reserve to that 10.2%. Since then, in September of last year, the FERC came out with their decision in the first case that was at a 10.82% ROE, which is a 10.32%, plus a 50 basis point adder to the 10.82%. And since the end of September, we've been booking at that 10.82% until we'll hear on that second complaint. And the second complaint, we're waiting for a quorum now at FERC. We don't know what they'll be in the second half of the year, but currently, we're booking at the 10.82%. So, the main driver, the swing between quarters there was the entry last year to get down to the first reserve needed. And it may be a little bit higher too because we're booking at a 10.82%. But long-term in our financial plan, we talk about a 10.2% long-term outlook for the FERC ROE.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then, in terms of the lower O&M. I was just wondering if you could break it out a little bit more in Illinois. I apologize if I just missed this, but between that and the continued SMP, and just where the other O&M savings are showing up?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Well, I think – let me let Scott maybe give you some color on Illinois, Paul. But maybe just to kind of reground everybody on our O&M plan for the year. So, the goal at an enterprise level was to reduce O&M 3% in 2017 as compared to the actual run rate of O&M – controlled O&M in 2016. And as I look at the Wisconsin utilities for the year, we've got some timing of O&M expenditures that were moved around because we had to respond to the warmer than normal weather in the first quarter. There's also going to be some downstream O&M effects of the storms that we had that affected the electric business in Wisconsin in the second quarter. But overall, my expectation is that those Wisconsin utilities will be right on top of that 3%. But in Illinois, we're actually doing better than plan on O&M. So, Scott, do you want to give Paul some additional color on that?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. So, Illinois, the drivers – it's a combination of, like you said, the O&M and the rider. I would say probably about $8 million to $10 million of that variance year-to-date is related to the QIP rider, the capital investment, plus some other riders that are just a pass-through of O&M. But O&M is the major driver in there. And that's the majority of the remaining of it, I'd say $10 million to $15 million, plus some other lower interest expenses.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then just back to the settlement, it seems that when you read the staff, it seems to be saying sort of two different things. On the one hand, it seems to be saying what you just mentioned, which was that they would calculate – they think it's likely that there'll be a revenue deficiency. But I guess they also start talking about the ROE and how that could maybe change a few things if that was changed. And then they also discussed the concern that they apparently have about rate increases in the future because of the deferrals. And based on what I'm hearing from what you're saying, it looks like – unless the Commission is okay with these deferrals growing that you probably have to go in for a rate case. Is that right?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, let's just make sure that we're clear on the financial effect that our proposal would have. Our proposal if it were the settlement – okay, just to be – so the settlement that we entered into with our customers, if that were implemented, if you look at the projected balances, if you look at where we expect to be at the end of 2017 and look at where we would expect those balances to be at the end of 2019 if they adopted the settlement. I mean if you look end to end, Paul, we would expect there to be no growth on a net basis in those deferred balances. So we'd sort of de-level 2019 year-end versus 2017 year-end, so we wouldn't have any additional accumulation of balances and the hope that we have is that with tax reform that then you will start having some uplift, if you will, or a cost reduction effectively that you could use to start managing those balances down. But if you look at during the pendency of the rate freeze period that we proposed in the settlement, there wouldn't be any net growth at all in those balances.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So, when the Commission Staff says that their analysis suggests that the approach that you guys are proposing could result in a new deferred balance, if you were to put that new deferred balance with respect to the legacy deferred balances, for lack of a better term, you'd still basically be net no change in the deferred balance at 2019, is that correct?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right, out to 2019, that's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I mean, we do have some deferred balances that relates to deferred taxes. But once again, we won't collect that from the customers. We'll collect that when we pay it back to the government which will be approximately a 50-year period on these taxes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And is that what the Commission's referring to with respect to the staff referring to when they talk about the results of a new deferred – any new deferred balance?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I think that's what they're referring to is the tax deferred balance.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Jenkins, State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Dan.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi, good afternoon. So, first I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the earlier discussion around the Moody's downgrade. Just wondering, so do you have, say, a ratings target or a leverage target for your balance sheet at both the pairing in at the utilities at a point where you manage towards or the – a lot level you would defend the rating?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. When we look at our utilities, we want to keep all the utilities in that single-A rated category. So, they moved a little bit within the category with Moody's now and we did try to defend it to keep it up to that level because we know the cheaper interest is always good for our customers. So, we want to keep in that single-A rated category. At the holding company, right now it's on a negative watch. It potentially could move down a little bit and we're going to continue to monitor that. If it does move down a notch, I mean that's where we'll really continue to look at our holding company debt and manage that.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes, I think one of the focuses, Dan, that we've had for quite a while is managing the percentage that holding company debt represents as a proportion of consolidated debt. And so, we've certainly taken a number of actions this year to keep that within the balance that we like it to be. We did permanent non-recourse financings at Michigan Gas Utilities as well as MERC over in Minnesota at the gas utility there. And I mentioned the financing that we would plan later this year at Bluewater. So I think all of those has been and will be helpful, and also managing that holding company debt to consolidated debt percentage within a reasonable range.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Then I also was wondering on page 7 where you show the comparisons from this year to last year. You also had a $4.6 million difference in the corporate and other category. I was wondering if you could give a little more color on what was driving that change.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. There's a lot of little variety of items in that segment there. Just one item and this is kind of inside baseball. But we had some investments that were at the service company that really belong more at the utilities. So, we put the investments in the utilities versus the service company. Their earnings stayed the same, their capital stayed the same, it's just once again, it took – just moved it into the utility where it belongs. Some of those were still there last year at the acquisition. It's just kind of the cleanup of what we think is the best way to run the service company. So, just a variety of little items.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then the last question I had is, there's been some speculation and later today, there'll be an announcement of a large Foxconn facility in Southeastern Wisconsin. And I don't want you to spill the beans or steal the thunder there, but there's been talk about a site where there was an old Chrysler engine plant or whatever. I just wondered if you could confirm whether that site is in your service territory.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. The site that I believe you're referencing is in our service territory, unless they are (36:50) service territory that the electric service territory for Wisconsin Electric. And I'm sure, Dan, we've both read some of the same reports in the press. Certainly Governor Walker has been in detailed discussions with the senior people at Foxconn. Foxconn has indicated that they'll be making a decision soon. But at this point, they haven't made a formal announcement. But what I would say, Dan, the investment that's being discussed would be quite significant for the economy here in Wisconsin.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Zuho (37:48) with Avon Capital Advisors.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Joe (37:50).
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Hey, it's actually Andrew Levi. How are you doing? Or Andy Levi.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm good, Andy, how are you? An unexpected pleasure.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Yes, I did. Okay, real quick, because I know everybody wants to get off the call. I'm probably the last question. So, just to understand, you were very clear on the settlement, it's all or nothing. But I had this one question on that. Have you spoken to the people or the other organizations that are in the settlement with you? Are they on the same page there or is there a little bit of wiggle room between you and the settlement parties and the Commission?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We have had, Andy. From time to time, we've had discussions, sort of updates, if you will, with the other parties to the settlement. And they really have the same view that I have. This is a settlement that – it was highly negotiated between the folks in the settlement and it's not severable. I mean, they view it as a package and we view it as a package, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. So, it really is all or nothing?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, we have a package that we and our customers think they're in the best interest of all the customers. So, I mean, I think it's – as constructed, it's a very, very good package. So, I would be hopeful that the Commissioners would agree with my assessment of it.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Okay. That's it. Thanks.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: You're welcome.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, that concludes our conference call today. Thank you for participating. If you have more questions, please contact Beth Straka. Her number here in Milwaukee is area code 414-221-4639. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc. Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2017 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it is my pleasure to introduce Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the first quarter. I want to start by introducing the members of our team who are here with me today, Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, our Treasurer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Bill Guc, Controller; and finally Beth Straka, who is Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now, as you saw this morning, we recorded first quarter earnings per share of $1.12, which is ahead of our guidance. Effective cost controls, better than forecasted electric fuel recoveries and the decoupling mechanisms at our Illinois and Minnesota gas utilities help to more than offset the very warm weather in the first quarter. Scott will provide more detail in a moment. We are affirming our guidance for 2017 in the range of $3.06 per share to $3.12 per share, and this is in line with our expected long-term earnings per share growth of 5% to 7%. Now I would like to update you on several developments on the regulatory front. On April 4, we filed the proposed settlement agreement with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin. Due to the terms of the settlement, the currently approved base rates for all of our Wisconsin utilities would be frozen for 2018, as well as 2019. This will make for a total of four years that base rates will be flat. This would essentially give our customers price certainty through 2019, and require us to continue to manage our cost aggressively. Under the proposed agreement, the current earning sharing mechanisms would be extended through 2019 at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas. In addition, a similar mechanism would be put in place in 2018 at Wisconsin Public Service for two years. Similar to Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas, this mechanism would provide for equal sharing between shareholders and customers of the first 50 basis points of earnings above Wisconsin Public Services allowed return on the equity of 10%. All earnings above 10.5% will go back to benefit customers. We have the support of a broad cross-section of our industrial and commercial customers. Currently, 24 customers including three of our largest customers have signed the settlement agreement. We've also briefed legislative leaders and they have been supportive. As part of the agreement, we are looking to expand and make permanent some electric pricing options for our large electric customers. These options have helped many of our customers reduce their energy costs, grow their businesses and create more than 2,000 jobs. These changes will allow us to retain an effective economic development tool and avoid a price increase for customers whose current pricing options would expire under the current terms. The Commission formerly began consideration of the proposed settlement on April 28. Now, settlements are uncommon in Wisconsin, but at this point, I expect the process to move expeditiously. I also want to note that our proposed $230 million investment in natural gas storage for our Wisconsin utilities is progressing through the regulatory process. In March, the Wisconsin Commission agreed to consider the merits of our petition for declaratory ruling on the reasonableness and prudence of this investment. Under the schedule set by the administrative law judge, the matter will be ready for the Commission to consider and decide on June 1. Our acquisition of Bluewater Natural Gas Holding will provide approximately one-third of the current storage needs of our Wisconsin natural gas distribution companies. Bluewater will have a long-term service agreement with each of our three natural gas distribution companies in Wisconsin. The earnings from this investment as well as this risk profile are expected to be the same as if the storage was owned by our local gas distribution companies. I believe this investment will bring a very meaningful benefits to our customers. In Michigan, our proceeding to obtain regulatory approval for the construction of new gas-fired generation in the Upper Peninsula is also progressing well. We are on track to conclude that process within the 270-day statutory deadline, which ends on October 27. No substantive issues or concerns have been raised, and we anticipate receiving Michigan Commission approval for the project later this year. In addition, we have received all local approvals needed to accommodate the project, if approved by the Michigan Commission. As you may recall, our last several major proceedings in Michigan have resulted in settlements which the commission approved. We would welcome a similar outcome in this case. Turning now to Illinois, we continue to make progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program. I expect we will invest approximately $300 million this year in this program, all of which I expect will make our gas distribution system in Chicago safer, more reliable and less expensive to maintain. Although the program continues as planned, the Illinois Commission is still completing its review of the preferred approach to the program. The commission has requested that the record in the proceeding be developed further before making a final decision. And I expect an order in the fourth quarter. Finally on the federal regulatory front, you will recall that on September 28, 2016, FERC affirmed a prior ALJ recommendation of a 10.32% base return on equity in response to the first MISO return on equity complaint. ATC qualifies for a 50 basis point adder to being a member of MISO, thus increasing its return on equity to 10.82%. We are currently recognizing income at this 10.82% level. However, in the second MISO return on equity complaint case, the ALJ recommended a base return on equity of 9.7%. Again ATC qualifies for the 50 basis point adder, which would bring its return on equity to 10.2%. When the final order is received, we anticipate transitioning to the 10.2% return on equity. We have factored this lower return into our long-term financial plan. We are monitoring the appeals of the New England cases for developments that could impact ATC's allowed returns. Now, just a reminder on our dividend, on January 19, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.52 per share, which is an increase of $0.025 or 5.1% over the previous quarterly dividend level. This represents the compound annual growth rate of 6.6% from the 2015 quarter level. Our annualized dividend level stands at $2.08 per share. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. Given that we are right in this range now, I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with our earnings per share growth. Now, with some additional details on our first quarter results and financial outlook, here's Scott Lauber, who is our Chief Financial Officer.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Allen. Our 2017 first quarter earnings grew to $1.12 per share from $1.09 per share in the first quarter of 2016. Our earnings were driven by effective cost control that more than offset the warmer than normal weather. The weather impact in the quarter is estimated to be approximately $0.04 a share less compared to normal weather. As you recall, our guidance in the first quarter was $1.02 to $1.06 per share. Our guidance already reflected about a $0.02 per share decrease related to the warm January weather. The continued warm weather in February and normal weather in March was offset by better-than-expected electric fuel recoveries in the quarter due to lower natural gas prices. With the warmer weather, we saw less maintenance in our field operations that allowed us to allocate resources to capital work. In addition, we aggressively managed costs with the continuation of warmer weather. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of first quarter 2017 and first quarter 2016 results. I'll first focus on operating income by segment and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring to page 6 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the first quarter of 2017 was $617.3 million as compared to $589.3 million in the first quarter of 2016, an increase of $28 million. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income in the first quarter increased $4.8 million from the first quarter of 2016. On the favorable side, operations and maintenance expense was $28.4 million lower. This was mostly offset by the mild winter temperatures. In the first quarter of 2017, our Illinois segment recognized an operating increase of $18.4 million compared to the first quarter of 2016. The increase was primarily driven by reduced operations and maintenance expense, and to a lesser expense continued investment in the gas system modernization program. The mild weather did not have a significant of an impact on our Illinois margins due to the decoupling in the jurisdiction. Operating income in our other states segment improved $1.6 million due in part to lower operations and maintenance expense resulting from cost control measures and decoupling at our Minnesota operations. Operating income at the We Power segment was up $4.1 million when compared to first quarter of 2016. This increase reflects the additional investment at our Power the Future plans since the first quarter of 2016. The operating loss at our Corporate and Other segment increased $900,000. Taken the changes of these segments together, we arrived at $28 million increase in the operating income. During the first quarter of 2017, earnings from our equity investment in American Transmission Company totaled $41.9 million, an increase of $3.4 million compared to the first quarter of last year. Other income net decreased by $17 million quarter-over-quarter. Recall that in the first quarter of 2016, we repurchased approximately $155 million of Integrys 6.11% Junior Subordinated Notes at a discount, which contributed approximately $0.04 per share. Interest expense increased $3.8 million quarter-over-quarter, this was primarily due to lower capitalized interest and higher short-term rates. Our consolidated income tax is relatively flat compared to last year. As a reminder, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 37% and 38% for 2017. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $18.7 million for the quarter ended March 31st, 2017. A reduction in working capital was partially offset by $100 million contribution to the pension plan in January 2017. Looking at the cash flow statement on page 5 of the earnings package. Our capital expenditures totaled $329.7 million in the first quarter, a $17.7 million increased compared to the first quarter of 2016, as we continue to invest in our core infrastructure. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 50.8% at the end of March, a decrease from the 51.9% adjusted debt-to-capital ratio at the end of the last year. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 Series A Junior Subordinated Notes as common equity. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We also paid $104.1 million in common dividends during the first quarter of 2017, an increase of $7.9 million over the first quarter of last year. Higher dividends were driven by the 5.1% increase to the dividend rate compared to the first quarter of 2016. Moving to sales. We see continued customer growth across our system. At the end of March, our utilities were serving approximately 8,000 more electric and 23,000 more natural gas customers than it did the same time a year ago. Sales volume quarter-over-quarter are showing on the earnings package on page 8, weather normalized sales are adjusted to factor out the effects of leap year in 2016. Overall, our normalized results for gas and electric sales in 2017 were slightly above our expectations. Turning now to our earnings forecast, we are affirming our 2017 earnings guidance of $3.06 a share to $3.12 a share. This projection assumes normal weather for remainder of the year. We are off to a strong start, however, it is early in the year and we have a lot of weather ahead of us. Finally, we'd like to address the second quarter earnings per share guidance. We expect our second quarter 2017 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.56 to $0.60, that assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. Again, the second quarter earnings guidance is $0.56 to $0.60 per share. With that, I'll turn things back to Allen.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Scott. So we'll now begin the question-and-answer period. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: A couple of questions. So, the quantum of O&M reduction you saw on the quarter, was that a function of rationing down O&M in the quarter relative to understanding where your margin was coming in? When we look at Q2 versus Q2 O&M or balance of year O&M versus balance of year O&M, how should we think about those numbers going forward? I mean, clearly it would be a huge assumption to use the current base of O&M as a run rate.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, Greg, I think as we look at our plan for 2017, our plan was to bring O&M down 3% in 2017 relative to the actual run rate in 2016, and that's still our plan. But given how extraordinarily warm it was in January and February, we use, what I've talked about before, our flex down process to basically flex down spending to preserve our margins in the phase of the very, very warm weather. So, I think 3% down year-over-year on O&M is still a good assumption sort of on a whether normalized basis, so to speak, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: So if your Q2 through Q4 numbers were to come in and theoretically on the plan, the O&M numbers quarter-over-quarter over for the balance of the year would be in that direction and magnitude?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, yes, the 3%. That's right.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Got you. Moving down to the WE Power line, you saw $4.1 million improvement in operating income from higher capital investment. How should we think about how those numbers are going to trend over the balance of the year? Is that going to be at a sort of a $16 million improved operating income run rate because of higher capital, or was that for some reason lumpy in the quarter?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It was a little lumpy as we put those projects in, in the storage, the coal storage, and fuel blending. So, overall though, that should continue through the year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So not in the $4 million run rate, but there will be incremental earnings in each subsequent quarter that approach that increased amount?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, it will be an increased in each of the future quarters compared to the prior year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That, we just put it in service in January this year at the end of last year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Can you remind me what the total capital investment was, as you were in sort of a pretty consistent return on investment -
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, it was just under $60 million.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: $60 million. Okay. I have some other questions, I'll go to back in the queue. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, Allen and Scott, how are you?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: How are you?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good. Good.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Is there an update on the Arizona co-op situation, and as well as Alaska? Is there any updates on wires opportunities there right now?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, Shar, those are just maybe a context for the others on the call, those were areas that American Transmission Company was targeting for development kind of outside their traditional footprint. In Arizona, they are working. They are looking at the feasibility of the number of transmission projects. My expectation is later this year. Can't really give you a specific date at this point, but they're actively looking at I think four different projects, and they would be prepared to propose some of those later this year in Arizona. And in Alaska, I don't have any update for you at this point in Alaska.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, got it. And then just on the Arizona, is that incremental to what you have as a placeholder, or would that be supportive of that?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It would be the latter, Shar. So we had $300 million of capital for what we called outside the footprint in the five-year plan. So whatever they propose there would be supportive of that $300 million.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Helpful. And then just lastly, I know obviously with your carbon reduction goals, you've talked about additional coal retirements. Can you sort of just, is there an update on how you're thinking about additional retirements and what the read-through could be for additional O&M savings as well as incremental gas needs?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, there's nothing at least in terms of additional requirements, other than the retirement of Presque Isle we talked about, which is about a 360-megawatt coal unit. We've also talked about the retirement of Pulliam, which is a coal unit in Green Bay in the WPS Service Territory. So, other than those two retirements, I don't have anything additional to announce. I would tell you though, Shar, if you look at kind of our carbon reduction goal and maybe describe it in terms of annual tons of reduction, so what we ultimately would like to see is about a $14 million annual run rate reduction in CO2, and based on the things that we've already announced, so the Pulliam and Presque Isle, and the things that we've done at our gas plants, you could get roughly $7 million out of that $14 million. So based on what we've already announced, you could get $7 million out of that $14 million, and those actions – not only would they reduce carbon, but they also would be a net savings to customers.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, excellent. I'll jump back in the queue. Congrats on the results.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Bone with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I was just wondering if you could talk about something you discussed last quarter. On the call in response to a question you talked about your capital plan supporting growth in the lower half or towards the lower end of the 5% to 7% range, and I was just wondering if you could remind us if there's a timeframe associated with this growth target, or if it's more indefinite?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So what we've said, and this is something that I've mentioned at least on a couple calls before this one, didn't go into as much detail on it on this call, but we look at a base of earnings in 2015 of $2.72 per share. And, Caroline, basically that $2.72, it effectively, it's like a pro forma number for the company as if we had never done the Integrys acquisition. Okay.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: So we set that base of earnings at $2.72 in 2015, and what we've said as a long-term matter is sort of think of an envelope where the bottom end of the envelope is a 5% compound annual growth off $2.72, and then 7% is the upper end of the envelope. What we said, as a long-term matter, we expect our actual earnings, the trajectory, to be in that envelope. So that's really how we've laid out our goal.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So it's more of an indefinite kind of through 2020 and beyond type of timeframe than just through 2019?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, I would characterize it as long-term; I'm not sure anything is indefinite, but...
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: ...but it's certainly long term.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just kind of on another note, I was just wondering if you could comment on to what extent earnings sharing mechanisms impacted the Q1 result?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Scott, do you want to address that?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It did not affect the Q1 results at all.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You said did not?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We weren't into a – it did not.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hello, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, Allen. Thank you, guys, for taking my question. So, when we think about the rest of the year for O&M, because you were down far more than 3% in the first quarter, should we assume a lower decline rate for the rest of the year, or simply that the remaining quarters you kind of stay near that 3% range, so you may actually kind of beat your expectations on O&M management just due to a really good start to the year?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, yeah, my expectation at this point, Michael, and of course, I can't sit here today and say whether it's going to be for the rest of the year, but if you had sort of a normal weather for the rest of the year, I still think for the year, we'd be down 3% on a O&M. We would stick pretty close to that plan, if we had normal weather. If, for some reason, it's warmer or cooler than normal, well, I expect we'd adjust.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Can I ask just a very basic question, when weather impacts O&M, what are the things that change, like when you're sitting around and it's February and we're not having winter, what is that that actually changes versus what you're thinking you are going to do on December 31st, heading into the year versus what you actually do?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, when you think about the weather, there's a couple of things, when you have consecutive warm weather like January was one of the warmest and February was the warmest, we're actually able to just reduce some O&M expenses because the actual number of leaks and coal outs where the frost the line is really – naturally reduces some O&M. And then, when we see that warm weather, everyone in the company like Allen talked about, we have our flex lists and we react to that and make sure that we can control our cost to offset the weather decline.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you. CapEx in the quarter, so if I think about your full year guidance for CapEx of just over $2.1 billion and yet CapEx in the quarter was south of $350 million and you normally wouldn't do a ton on the electric side in the middle of the summer, should we assume this is very back-end loaded this year, or is there something where CapEx could be lower this year and bigger in future years?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, it's the first quarter, so we still have the winter season, so it's not the largest construction for us, unless we're finishing up our prior year project. So, the first quarter isn't the biggest construction, and remember, some of the construction we have and if the – we talk about including the storage field that we're looking at purchasing, that's in the back half of the year, so it's a little bit back-end loaded.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. And then finally, I know you've got the settlement outstanding, and I just want to make sure I understand what is the Commission's process for reviewing and potentially approving the settlement, and what are the roles that the interveners who did not sign the settlement, what do they play in this process?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. Well. Let me just maybe as background for everybody, settlements, Michael, are quite uncommon in commission history – in Wisconsin Commission history. So as a result, there is no prescribed settlement process in Wisconsin. And in some other states, you have some statutorily prescribed process for a settlement, you don't really have that here. So each settlement can be approached maybe in a somewhat different fashion. Sitting here today, I talked about the fact that the PSCW gave official notice of the proposed settlement on April 20. They indicated that they would soon set a date for a prehearing conference, and then if things work the way they usually work, Michael, they'd solicit comments after they do that prehearing conference. And then, they'll have to decide what process they want to use after that. But I would just reiterate, I mean there is very broad customer support for the settlement. So the 24 industrial customers that I talked about including the three largest customers that we have. Now, in terms of the role that other interveners would have, at this point, it's hard for me to say, and I mean I would assume they'd be like any other party in a contested proceeding. So, they wouldn't be any different than how they typically would be in a contested proceeding. That will be my expectation at least.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. I was just thinking through it because two of the large groups that are normally part of the process weren't signatory to your stipulation. So, just trying to think through how they factor in all of those.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Well, one of those, and I think you're referring to the two permanent intervener groups. One of those permanent intervener groups is what I think of was a trade association, many of whose members actually individually supported the settlement. And then you've got another permanent intervener group called CUB, which is not really a trade association, but I think their remit is to represent residential customers largely.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it, got it. Thank you, Allen. Much appreciate the insight, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thank you. Congratulations on the quarter.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Any update on the legislation around Power the Future and where does that stand?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Well, I think where it stands, it was referred to an assembly committee, which of course is the lower house of the legislature, then it was also referred to a senate committee. At this point, there've been no hearings that have been scheduled at a committee level. So, that's where it stands, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. When does the legislative session end?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Paul, I believe they're in session until at least the end of May, and of course this is a budget year, so I'm not sure they can go home until they have a budget. But I think it's that the end of May, Paul, but we can get you a more precise answer offline.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Is the budget discussion contentious?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm not sure, I would just call it any more or less contentious than Wisconsin budgets have been. Unlike other states, they consistently have a budget.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please go ahead.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi, good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Dan.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yes. My first question kind of relates to the energy sales shown on pages 8 and the bottom of page 7. It looks like the 2017 normalized versus 2016 normalized, you have a nice pickup in the small commercial industrial area...
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. That's correct.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: ...particularly in Wisconsin on and then on the gas side. So, I was wondering is that something that we should anticipate it's going to continue, or you could give us a little more color on what's going on there?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure. Yeah, the small class in our electric sales on a weather normalized basis, we calculate it to be up 1.4%. Now, like we talked about the quarter, it was extremely warm this quarter. So, normalization in this sector and all sectors is pretty tricky, especially when you're talking, with commercial, there is a variety of different commercial operations there. So, the class has always been a little stronger for us. And in our long-term forecast, we have about a 0.5% year here at for next year – for this coming year. So, it was a good quarter, but once again, it was only one quarter, I'd still look at overall being about 0.5%. And that's what I see in high class.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Then you also mentioned you had a $100 million pension contribution in the first quarter. I was wondering if you could just update us on sort of where you're kind of on pension funding, and should that like satisfy your needs for the next few years or how should we think about that payment?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. So yeah, we evaluate the pension, as you know, every year in March, intensely during the year, it gets us to be about fully funded about a 100% on a GAAP basis. So, we don't see any contributions in the near-term, but of course we'll continue to evaluate.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then, I just wonder if you could update us on the debt financing plans in terms of timing?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure. So we have a couple debt financing plans this year. One, first, we're looking at putting debt versus intercompany debt down at our Minnesota and Michigan subs. So we're looking at that financing. So that is one item that we'll be doing. Another financing, and that'll probably each be around $100 million each. So those financings we'll be working on this year. We'll also be looking at – continue some debt at our gas utility, Peoples Gas, with the continued construction program. So that'll be happening this year also. Of course when we look, at with the purchase of Bluewater, there's potential financing with that also. And then we continue to monitor all the large electric utilities, Wisconsin Electric, Wisconsin Public Service, potentially, one, we'll have to monitor that as we go through the year.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, Allen. So, just on the rate settlement filing, so you mentioned the commission is going to be setting a prehearing; they still have not set the date of that yet?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Steve, to my knowledge at this point, they have not set a date for the prehearing conference.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And how long can this process go before you need to kind of make your normal rate filing?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, my view right now, Steve, would be that I'm going to wait for the commission to take some definitive action, either a definitive action that they approve the settlement or a definitive action that they reject the settlement. I think financially, we're just fine waiting for that definitive answer.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: So we'll wait. As I was saying in the prepared comments, I do think they'll act expeditiously, but there's just no prescribed process, so -
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just in terms of like – someone asked about other parties – just I assume you probably talk to other parties. Just do you expect some of them to oppose the settlement or you just got to wait and see what happens?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I think we really have to wait and see what happens. At this point, the interventions, they've raised their hand and intervened, but without even having had the prehearing conference, it's hard to know what their positions are at this point.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That makes sense. And then I guess just any update you may have given us and I missed it just on the Illinois Gas Infrastructure Investment Program?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. And I did touch on it just briefly, but maybe just as kind of a review and summary. My expectation sitting here today is that we'll deploy about $300 million worth of capital over the course of the entire year on the S&P program. The Illinois Commission has asked for – going back to the workshop proceedings, remember that they had last year – they've asked for some additional information, I believe our deadline for filing is the middle part of May for that additional information, and additional briefs. And they've indicated that they would decide this year, so that's where we are with that process. But in the interim, we're continuing with the program, as we laid out in our three-year plan to them.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Leslie.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Hi, Allen. You said for the quarter that one of the things that had you come in above your guidance with better-than-expected fuel recoveries. Could you just walk through how that -
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. Right, on the electric side. Scott, do you want to talk about and go through that?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure. So, going into the quarter, we were anticipating that gas prices were a little bit higher. They actually were a little bit higher. And then with the continued – so we thought the recoveries would be a little bit less about $0.02 worth, and then as the warm weather continued, our natural gas prices went down and, in fact, our fuel recovery at both of the utilities came in slightly better than we anticipated, just because of the price of the electricity on the market and running our plants with the natural gas.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: So does that get trued up over the course of the year?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, you have a fuel band at both of the utilities, so that's the plus or minus 2%, so our outlook at this point, Leslie, would be that given normal weather, we would expect to be about fully recovered at each of the utilities, again for electric fuel.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: But not ahead of plan?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No. At this point, I wouldn't project to be ahead of plan.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Okay.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Or ahead of fully recovered.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Correct. Right.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Right. Right. Right. And then just on the C&I side, frac sand, fracking is starting to pick up again if you've seen, you've done some gas infrastructure in Western Wisconsin in 2014, 2015. I'm just wondering if you're sort of seeing any uptick in activity in that regard?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. We're starting in the first quarter, when you look at first quarter 2017 versus 2016, we are seeing a slight uptick in that frac sanding sector. So, it's nice growth. Remember, frac sanding is, I think when you look at our sales of the gas side in Wisconsin excluding residential, it's between 1.5% and 2% of sales, so it's a nice grouping and we did see a nice little uptick there.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: So just more broadly then on C&I, on the electric side, your mines – the mining activity was down pretty heavily, was that the iron ore mines?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. That is correct. So, those are the iron ore mines that – that's what we look at with and without those.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Right, okay. And then just broadly speaking the rest of the C&I business on the electric side across your jurisdictions is roughly flat on a weather normal basis?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. The large C&I, that has been relatively flat just – once again the economy is – it's moving a little bit, but those sales have been very flat in the last several months, quarters.
Leslie Best Rich - JPMorgan Investment Management, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Leslie.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: The iron ore mines, are these the mines that are going to eventually close and they're just kind of ramping down here, which mines are these?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, there are the two large mines in the UP of Michigan. So, these are the Cliffs Resources mines. So, Paul, and I always mix up the names, but one of the mines is roughly a third of the usage up there, and that's the one if you remembering is going down into shutdown. The other mine which is about two-thirds, which is the Tilden mine, that's the larger of the two and that's the one at least the Cliffs has indicated that they're going to run for the long term.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Is it the impact we are seeing now is the one that's permanently closing?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Correct. Correct. I think that actually was closing last fall, previously, it was shut down – I think it's actually closed now.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And the Tilden never scaled back operations and they're going to ramp and back up another sales recovery and what's the dynamic there?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I think and I didn't listen to their call, their earnings call, but my understanding at least is, if they see an uptick in demand, could they sell to steel mills obviously, if they see an uptick there, they would be poised to increase production, but otherwise, I think they're going to be pretty flat, would be my expectation.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We have no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Allen Leverett for closing remarks.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, operator. Well, thank you all for joining us today. If you have any more questions, please contact Beth Straka. Her direct number is, area code, 414-221-4639. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc. Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in the presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it is my pleasure to introduce Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the year. I want to start by introducing the members of our team who are here with me today, Scott Lauber, who is our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, our Treasurer; Susan Martin, our General Counsel; Bill Guc, our Controller; and finally Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now, as you saw this morning, we reported full 2016 adjusted earnings per share of $2.97, ahead of our guidance range of $2.88 to $2.94. Our adjusted earnings exclude merger-related costs of $0.01 per share. Scott will provide a more detailed review in a moment. Now, we expect long-term earnings per share growth for WEC Energy Group to be in a range of 5% to 7% off a 2015 standalone Wisconsin Energy base of $2.72 per share. Our guidance for 2017 is in the range of $3.06 per share to $3.12 per share, and this is in line with our previously disclosed earnings per share growth expectations. In addition to our full-year results, we have two other positive developments to share with you today. On January 20, we signed an agreement to acquire Bluewater Gas Holding, which owns an underground natural gas storage facility in Michigan. This facility can provide approximately one-third of the storage needs of our natural gas distribution companies in Wisconsin. The total acquisition price is $230 million. Bluewater will have a long-term service agreement with each of our three natural gas distribution companies in Wisconsin. The earnings from this investment are expected to be the same as if the storage was owned by our local gas distribution companies. We plan to file a request with the Wisconsin Commission in the coming days for a declaratory ruling. In this request, we will ask the Commission to confirm that is reasonable for our Wisconsin gas utilities to enter into these transactions. The service agreements were expected to provide for a utility return on capital. I believe this investment will bring very meaningful customer benefits. We chose the service agreement structure for two reasons. First, we don't want to put the Wisconsin Commission in the position of being asked to approve an out-of-state acquisition by our Wisconsin distribution companies. Second, this avoids directly involving our state regulated companies in an interstate natural gas business. The second positive development relates to our proposed generation solution in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. On Monday, we filed for required construction-related authorizations related to our generation plan there. This filing was made on behalf of the Upper Michigan Energy Resources Corporation or UMERC for short. UMERC began operation on January 1 of this year, following its approval by the Michigan Commission. We are proposing a $275 million investment in about 180 megawatts of natural gas-fired reciprocating internal combustion engines. This will provide a reliable cost-effective long-term generation solution for our customers in the Upper Peninsula including the mine owned by Cliffs Resources. We are targeting commercial operation in 2019. At that time or soon after, we expect to be in a position to retire our coal-fired Presque Isle Power Plant. This should give significant savings in operations and maintenance expenses as well as reduce carbon emissions. Turning now to the regulatory front. Last year, we only had one rate case. Now, this case was actually filed in 2015 but was decided in 2016. We received a final decision from the Minnesota Commission in October for our natural gas LDC authorizing a 9.11% return on equity. The revenue increase was approximately 3% or an estimated $6.8 million in line with our expectation. I also expect we will have another quite year on the rate case front. We do not plan to file a case in Illinois this year, and we'll know more about Wisconsin in the coming months. Our strong preference would be to keep rates flat while managing our costs and returning additional benefits to our customers through the earnings sharing mechanisms that we'll put in place at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas by the Wisconsin Commission after the Integrys acquisition. These mechanisms delivered $24 million of benefits to customers in 2016. Turning to our ATC investment. On September 28, FERC affirmed a prior ALJ recommendation of a 10.32% base return on equity in response to the first MISO return on equity complaint. ATC qualifies for a 50 basis point adder for being a MISO member, thus increasing their return on equity to 10.82%, and we are currently recognizing income at this 10.82% level. Although the recent commissioner resignation at FERC injects some additional uncertainty, we still expect an order by the end of June in the second MISO complaint case. In that case, the ALJ recommended a base return on equity of 9.7%. Again ATC qualifies for the 50 basis point adder, which would bring their return on equity to 10.2%. When the final order is received, we anticipating transitioning to the 10.2% return on equity. We factor this return into our long-term financial plan. Now, a reminder on our dividend. On January 19, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.52 per share, which is an increase of $0.025 or 5.1% over the previous quarterly dividend level. This represents a compound annual growth rate of 6.6% from the 2015 fourth quarter level. Our annual dividend rate stands at $2.08 per share. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. Given that we are right in this range now, I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with our earnings per share growth. I would now like to provide you with an update on our five-year capital forecast. Our five-year plan now reflects $9.7 billion versus the last five-year plan, which was $9.2 billion. I would note that the $9.7 billion plan includes the natural gas storage as well as the UP generation investment that I just discussed. These figures do not include our share of projected capital investments at ATC, which is $1.4 billion for investments inside the traditional ATC footprint and approximately $300 million in projected capital outside the footprint. We do have some news regarding ATC. On January 30, ATC announced that it had entered into a joint operating agreement with the Arizona Electric Power Cooperative. The partnership known as ATC Southwest will develop needed transmission projects in Arizona and the Southwest United States. Finally, I'd like to take some time to address potential implications of tax reform. Both the Trump administration and the House Republicans have floated some tax reform ideas that could impact our business. Although the details have yet to be finalized, the current proposals have three common elements, reducing the corporate tax rate, 100% expensing of capital for tax purposes, and eliminating interest expense of the deduction. These elements would have different impacts on customers and shareholders, depending on whether we look at the utilities, We Power or the holding company. I would like to address these in conceptual terms first, and then summarize the potential impacts for shareholders. In addition, we have included a chart in the earnings packet that lays out the potential impacts to customers and shareholders for each segment. First let's look at the regulated utilities because of the traditional rate-making approach, reducing the corporate tax rate directly benefits customers by lowering the provision for income taxes and rates. The lower tax rate also creates an excess deferred tax position that would benefit customers over time. From a shareholder perspective, this change would be neutral to slightly positive as the regulatory liability related to the reduction in deferred tax liabilities is amortized. The second element, 100% expensing of capital, would reduce rate base in the short term. However, a lower tax rate would help to offset this impact. The third element, elimination of the interest tax deduction, would increase the cost of capital for customers. I view this as a large negative for customers. However, this would be neutral for shareholders. So, We Power, the facility leases between We Power and We Energies would flow the benefit of the tax rate change through to customers. Any one-time excess deferred tax balance created would remain at We Power and benefit shareholders. 100% expensing of capital would have little impact because of We Power's low projected capital spending levels going forward. The elimination of the interest expense deduction would be detrimental to We Power, if the change affects interest on existing debt. It is unknown if this change would affect only interest on new debt or all interest expenses. In addition, the House plan mentions taking into consideration an offset to interest income and the possibility of exempting banks or leasing entities. From the shareholders' perspective, there are three key issues, the deductibility of interest, the impact on utility rate base, and deferred taxes at We Power. Deductibility of interest has the largest potential impact. If existing interest is not deductible, the estimated impact would be $0.14 per share at the holding company and $0.05 per share at We Power. However, if interest on existing debt is allowed to be deducted at a lower effective tax rate of 20%, the net effect would only be approximately $0.05 per share in total. Of less significance is the rate base effect at the utility level. The cumulative effect of all these changes, 20% effective tax rate, 100% expensing of capital for tax purposes, and non-deductibility of interest would reduce rate base by approximately $300 million over a five-year period. On a positive note, with an assumed change in the deferred tax rate to 20%, we would expect the We Power deferred taxes to have a one-time reduction of approximately $270 million, which would reduce future tax payments. Finally, both plans would reduce dividend and capital gains tax rates to the benefit of our shareholders. Although, this would not have an impact on the earnings of the company, it could potentially impact sector valuation. As I mentioned earlier, much of the details on this still need to be worked out by Congress and the new administration. Obviously, we will be paying very close attention to tax reform as it takes shape. But we wanted to share our current understanding of the implications of the plans that are now being discussed. So now with details on our 2016 results and our financial outlook, here is Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Allen. In 2016, our GAAP earnings grew $2.96 per share from $2.34 per share in 2015. Our 2016 results include a full year's impact of the Integrys acquisition. Recall that 2015 results only include two quarters of Integrys earnings. Excluding acquisition costs, adjusted earnings per share increased $0.33 from $2.64 per share in 2015 to $2.97 per share in 2016. For purposes of comparing 2016 and 2015 earnings on a consistent basis, the calculation of adjusted earnings per share for 2015 now includes Integrys earnings, all interest expense related to the acquisition financing, and all shares issued in conjunction with the acquisition. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes the results of the Integrys companies and has full GAAP to adjusted reconciliation. For 2016 results, I'll first focus on adjusted operating income by segment and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Integrys results for the first two quarters of 2016 are separated for comparability purposes. Referring to page 11 of the earnings package, our consolidated operating income for 2016 adjusted for costs related to the acquisition of Integrys was $1.6856 billion as compared to $1.3581 billion in 2015, an increase of $327.5 million. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income totaled $1.027 billion for 2016, an increase of $128.6 million from 2015 adjusted operating income. We realized a $128.4 million contribution from the Wisconsin Public Service during the first two quarters of 2016, with remaining increase related to favorable weather, positive fuel recoveries and rate increases at Wisconsin Gas and Wisconsin Public Service, offset by an increase in operation and maintenance expense. Operation and maintenance expense in 2016 included $24.4 million of expense related to the earnings sharing mechanism in place at Wisconsin Electric Power Company and Wisconsin Gas, which were effective January 1, 2016 and will last for three years. Under the earnings sharing mechanism, if either company earns above its authorized return, 50% of the first 50 basis points of additional utility earnings will be shared with customers, all earnings above the initial 50 basis points will benefit customers. In 2016, our Illinois segment recognized operating income of $239.6 million, an increase of $160.2 million compared to the $79.4 million of adjusted operating income recognized during 2015. We recognized $159.6 million of operating income during the first two quarters of 2016, and the remaining increase was driven primarily by continued investment in the gas system modernization program. In 2016, our other states segment recognized operating income of $49.9 million, an increase of $43.8 million compared to the $6.1 million of adjusted operating income recognized during 2015. We recognized $34.1 million during the first two quarters of 2016. The remaining $9.7 million increase was mainly due to the rate increases at Minnesota Energy Resource Corporation and Michigan Gas Utilities as well as comparatively colder weather in the fourth quarter of 2016. Operating income at the We Power segment was up $2.2 million when compared to 2015. This increase reflects additional investment at our Power the Future plans. Our corporate and other segment realized an adjusted operating loss of $6.5 million in 2016, compared to the adjusted operating income of $800,000 in 2015. Lower operating income was driven in part by $1.4 million loss recognized by the Integrys companies during the first two quarters of 2016. Taking the changes for these segments together, we arrive at $327.5 million increase on adjusted operating income. During 2016, earning from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $146.5 million, an increase of $50.4 million from last year. Integrys results for the first two quarters of 2016 drove $39.6 million of the increase, leaving a comparable year-over-year increase of $10.8 million. Lower equity earnings in 2015 were driven by an administrative law judge initial decision in December 2015, related to the ATC ROE reviews, which was later affirmed by FERC order in 2016. Our other income net increased $21.9 million. The Integrys companies contributed $38.1 million of other income during the first two quarters of 2016. The offsetting $16.2 million decrease related to excise tax credits recognized by Integrys Transportation Fuels in the fourth quarter of 2015, and lower AFUDC primarily related to timing of the capital expenditures. As you recall, Integrys Transportation Fuels was sold in the first quarter of 2016. Our net interest expense increased $71.3 million driven by $68.5 million of interest expense recognized by the Integrys during the first two quarters of 2016. The remaining $2.8 million increase was driven by interest on the $1.5 billion of debt issued in June 2015 to complete the acquisition. This was offset in part by the repurchase of a portion of the Integrys 6.11% Junior Notes in February 2016. Those notes were replaced with lower interest rate short-term debt. Earnings from the Integrys companies during the first two quarters of 2016 drove the $108.7 million increase in our adjusted consolidated income tax expense. Looking forward, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 37% and 38%. Combining all these items brings us to an adjusted earnings of $941.1 million or $2.97 per share for 2016, compared to $720.7 million or $2.64 per share for 2015. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $809.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. This increase was primarily driven by $655 million of net cash flows from the operating activities of Integrys for the year ended December 31, 2016. The remaining increase was driven by a decrease in contributions to employee benefit plans. We contributed $100 million to our qualified pension trust in 2015, and we did not make a contribution in 2016. In January 2017, we contributed $100 million to our qualified pension trust. Our capital expenditures totaled $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016, a $157.5 million increase compared to 2015. The largest increase was related to inclusion of a full-year of capital investments at the Integrys companies. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 51.9% at the end of December, a decrease from the 53.1% adjusted debt-to-capital ratio at the end of last year. Our calculation continues to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 Series A Junior Subordinated Notes as common equity. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We also paid $624.9 million in common dividends during the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of a $169.5 million over the same period last year. Higher dividends were driven by the increase in the shares outstanding related to the Integrys acquisition and an increase in the dividend rate compared to 2015. Moving to sales. We see continued customer growth across our system. At the end of December, our Wisconsin utilities were serving about 7,000 more electric customers and 12,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Our natural gas utilities in Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota were serving approximately 16,000 more customers compared to a year ago. Now, let's discuss delivered sales volume year-over-year. For comparative purposes, 2015 electric sales information reflects results for both Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service. Weather normalized sales are adjusted to factor out the effects of leap year. Retail electricity deliveries excluding the iron ore mines increased 2%. On a weather-normalized basis, retail deliveries of electricity increased 0.2% compared to 2015. Looking at the individual customer segments, actual residential deliveries rose 4.1%, while weather-normalized residential deliveries increased 0.4%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, actual deliveries increased 2.3%, while weather-normalized deliveries increased 0.9%. In the large commercial and industrial segment, deliveries for 2016 decreased 1.1%. Excluding the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial deliveries were flat year-over-year. Now an update on our natural gas deliveries. As you may recall, our Illinois segment has a decoupling mechanism and its margins are less affected by weather. Looking at Wisconsin, our largest segment, retail gas deliveries excluding gas used for power generation increased 1.6%. On a weather-normalized basis, retail gas deliveries excluding gas used for power generation were up 3.7% compared to 2015. Overall, our normalized results for gas and electric sales in 2016 were slightly above our expectations. For 2017, we'll forecast and discuss delivered results for the State of Wisconsin, our largest segment. In Wisconsin, we're forecasting modest increase of 0.2% in weather-normalized retail electric deliveries excluding the iron ore mine. Looking at 2017 by individual customer segment, we expect residential deliveries to decline 0.2%, impacted by continued modest growth in housing starts, but offset by conservation. In the small commercial and industrial segment, we are projecting sales to increase 0.5%. In the large commercial and industrial group excluding the mine, we are projecting an increase of 0.3%. We project 2017 Wisconsin weather-normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation, to increase 0.5%. Next, I'd like to remind you about earnings guidance for 2017. As Allen mentions, we expect long-term earnings per share growth for WEC Energy Group to be in the range of 5% to 7% of a 2015 standalone Wisconsin Energy base of $2.72 per share. Our guidance for 2017 is in the range of $3.06 per share to $3.12 per share. This is in line with our previously disclosed earnings per share growth expectation. This guidance assumes normal weather. Again, our guidance for 2017 is $3.06 per share to $3.12 per share. Finally, let's look at the quarterly guidance. In the first quarter of 2016, we earned $1.09 per share. As you may recall, the first quarter of 2016 had warmer than normal weather, which was offset by fuel recoveries. In addition, there was a $0.04 pickup in the first quarter as a result of the repurchase, a portion of the Integrys 6.11% Junior Notes. Taking these into account and a mild January weather and the timing of fuel recoveries, we project first quarter earnings to be in the range of $1.02 per share to $1.06 per share, that assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. Once again, first quarter guidance for WEC Energy Group is $1.02 per share to $1.06 per share. With that, I will turn things back to Allen.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Scott. Operator, we are now ready for the question-and-answer portion of our conference call.
Operator: Thank you. Now, we will take your questions. Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks, guys. Good afternoon.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Looking at 2017, looking at your margin walk, you had $38.9 million of margin in 2016 from weather, but then in excess of the earnings sharing mechanism, you also had a $33.4 million increase in O&M. So, as you think about 2017 in a normal weather scenario, should we be thinking about your ability to modulate O&M in order to still earn close to or at your targeted allowed return? And what are the factors that are sort of the puts and takes that get you into sort of a confidence range around a normal weather, meaning you can earn your authorized return?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Good question, Greg. And I think maybe I'll just answer the question. It's kind of at a summary high level. The plan that we put together for 2017 would call for us to reduce O&M. So if you look at the 2016 run rate, the run rate in 2017 would be 3% below the level that it was at in 2016. Now, in addition to that Greg, as we have always done in previous years, weather is obviously uncertain, could be better or worse than normal, so we certainly have levers if you will above and below that 3% level, so that we can adjust our operations as we see weather that's either favorable or unfavorable. But the base plan would call for a 3% reduction in the level of O&M.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. What is the timeline for you engaging with the Public Service Commission and making a decision to either file for a general rate case this year, or decide mutually to defer that for another year?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, I think you're referring to the Wisconsin Commission, and we...
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yeah.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: ...began engaging with their staff right after the holiday. So the first week of January, we started having discussions with them. In terms of a likely timetable, Greg, my view at this point would be, from traditionally if you're going to file a case, you're filing kind of the mid-to-late April, early May sort of timeframe. So, I think we certainly need to come to a resolution before, say, that mid-April timeframe. And I think we're on track to either be able to file a case although we don't think that's the best path or to let the mechanism that the Commission put in place continue to operate for at least another year.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. My last question is on, your last published slide deck is your January deck and you gave capital spending of 2020. If I start with 2017 averaging about $1.9 billion and then an incremental, your portion of ATC averaging, let's call it around $300 million over the similar timeframe, maybe a little less, the acquisition you're making of the storage fields, that is incremental to that plan or was that incorporated in that plan?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. The storage field will be incremental to that plan. And we'll have the new slide deck out shortly.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So, if you would have added that $200 million into your plan and we're to presume that you're going to earn out your authorized returns across all the jurisdictions and all the investments you're making over this period, where inside the sort of 5% to 7% earnings growth aspiration would you expect to be at this juncture?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure. And so, let me bridge back to the capital plan that I'd discussed kind of in the prepared remarks. So, if you take the $9.7 billion, what I would just call the more of the retail business, add the $1.4 billion for ATC inside the footprint and then, put on top of that the $300 million outside the footprint. Greg, I see that getting us kind of more of the low end of that 5% to 7% range. And then, what you'd need to do in order to kind of move up in that range, I'd say most likely would be to make some significant investment outside the footprint, the traditional footprint at ATC. But the capital plan that I described in the prepared remarks, very supportive of something kind of near that low end of the range.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you, guys. Have a great day.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Good. Thank you. Well, perhaps just a follow-up on Greg's question if you may. Can I ask – you alluded to ATC as being kind of another lever to get you higher up in that range? You also discussed on the call, if I heard right, a new JV effort. Is that something we should be paying attention to in terms of meaningful drivers in the ATC, is that an equation, or what would then ATC would be that prospect, or what geography are we talking about?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. I would say, well, short answer is yes, you should be paying attention, Julien, because I think that Arizona, there are certainly a lot of needs for transmission in Arizona. So, I would say though in terms of most likely places that ATC could do things outside the footprint, Arizona is one of them and then going into the California market, because they're going to be looking. They still have very aggressive renewable goals, and they're going to be looking to import effectively renewable power in the California. So, I think the largest potential opportunities outside footprint are in the West and more likely the North Arizona and California.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. That's great. So then, maybe just turning back to the latest acquisition if you will, can you elaborate a little bit further, one, on the specific acquisition you just did, where will that be accounted for if it's outside the utilities, that's just going to be at a holdco kind of figure? And then separately, just to clarify a typical equity ratio, typical ROE on the full 200 and change number that you're acquiring this far.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. I think your description was very good, Julien, but maybe just let me review it for everybody on the call. So, what we would do, Bluewater Holding would be a first here subsidiary of WEC Energy Group. We would capitalize at approximately 50% equity, 50% debt. The equity would come from the parent, and then we would issue debt sort of on balance sheet, if you will, non-recourse debt down at that subsidiary. Equity return in the low 10%s is what you typically see right now for the Wisconsin utilities. So that's how we would structure it. And then you would have a collection of three service agreements back from Bluewater Holding, an agreement to each of the three Wisconsin LDCs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And just to clarify, what's the tenure of the contract that we're talking about with between the new gas storage sub and your utilities? I know you guys want to make this utility like, so perhaps just emphasize...
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: ...for us what that profile looks like, what the tenure is, and to what degree have you mitigated the risks. And then maybe let me throw it in while I got the mic here. The last question being, are there incremental opportunities either off of this existing asset that you're acquiring or further acquisition target both in Wisconsin or elsewhere that you would want to scale up this gas storage opportunities efficiently?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. So, let me start with kind of the nature of the service agreements. So, when we'll lay this out in our declaratory ruling request, I mean literally in a matter of days, so we'll include in there the service agreements as we would propose them. In terms of tenure, Julien, we would actually propose 60-year agreements, so very long tenure agreements. And effectively what the agreement would provide for is a return on and of capital that's been invested, including the initial investment, and then as you have O&M, which we expect you would have O&M of course and I think it'd be modest capital but if you had some additional capital that would be required at the field that would also be recovered kind of through that return of and on mechanism. So, we'll lay all that out in the declaratory ruling and there will be attachments to that. The service agreements will be attached to that ruling request. Getting kind of to the second question that you ask, additional opportunities, I believe in terms of working gas, this field has like 23.2 bcf in terms of working gas, that's about a third of our requirements. I do believe, you could do some additional expansion at the field and you could add some more working gas at the field. If you did that, that would be also covered by that service agreement, sort of structure that I mentioned. I think other than that for the Wisconsin utilities, there really aren't any other gas infrastructure things that we're looking at. So, hopefully... (39:44)
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. So, it's not that big of an incremental opportunity on the gas storage side, not looking to fully cover your needs, shall we say beyond the...
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah, it only covers the third of the needs, so there certainly would be room to do a bit more own storage in the future because it's only a third.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Right. But at the site principally not necessarily incremental?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That's right.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. Thank you for the time.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, guys.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for the extra color on tax and the detail there. I'm wondering can you – should we think about that – you obviously have framed the magnitude of how you see the impact to different pieces. Do you feel that these are within a framework that you would be able to work to offset through other means, be it cost or investment, or is this kind of a net look?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Well, I think maybe I'll talk about in terms of the shareholder impacts. When we talked about rate base, it was a cumulative impact of $300 million on rate base and again that's cumulative over a five-year period. So, I would certainly view that on a company of this size, there certainly would be other opportunities that we could pull forward or identify that would help offset that $300 million. So, I think from a rate base standpoint, I'd certainly think that's manageable. Not much to say about the deferred tax impact at We Power, that would be a shareholder benefit, and that kind of leaves interest deductibility. And I think I would just stress to you Jonathan and everybody on the call, all this that we put into the earnings deck, it's bit of a speculative enterprise, I mean we're just trying to give people a sense for the impacts. On the interest deductibility front, if you take one extreme where it's still deductible but at a 20% level, well, that's $0.05 a share on a base of say circa $3, so that'd be fairly small and I would expect that that's probably manageable. As you start getting the things more like $0.15, that'd be tougher for us to manage. But as I look at it, I mean it's not a foregone conclusion, but that's where they're headed in terms of how this would be structured. Does that help?
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No, that's helpful. Thank you. And my other question was answered. So, I will see you. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Dan.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi. Good afternoon. I also had a couple questions just around the tax, if the tax law changes, and it's more in terms of your capital structure. I've seen a number of studies saying that as tax rates go down or as tax interest deductibility becomes less of an issue, companies tend to have less leverage. Have you thought at all about any impacts on your capital structure strategy particularly, in terms of how you would capitalize your utilities for rate filings and so forth in terms of debt to equity ratios and so forth?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I've not thought about that a great deal at this point, Dan. But I think look if you basically or Congress makes changes in the tax that effectively changes the after-tax cost of the different components, you'd most certainly have to rethink what's the best capital structure for the utilities. But quite candidly, I haven't gotten to that level yet in my thinking.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then I just want to make sure on your page 18, where you show these preliminary estimates that I understand your note there under the holding company. We were saying that's only a change in rate and not additive so...
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Scott, do you want to take the answer to that?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. And the reason for the note is, if there would be only a change of rate, it would be the $0.05 that we talked about at the holding company. When you go down the holding company page, if non-deductibility of interest would happen, it would be $0.14, so it's not additive. I don't want someone to go and add the $0.05 and $0.14 together, it's either $0.05 or $0.14, which once again, Allen talked about the non-deductibility of interest and where that would actually go.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So you would use one or the other, but not...
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Correct.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: They're not netted in anyway.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Correct.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. I also had a question around debt. I guess, you saw the Bloomberg is changing rules for inclusion of debt issuance in their indices and a large number of your issues are going to fall out of the index given that they are at currently at a size of $250 million. I guess how do you expect to respond to that, while you tend to issue larger sizes going forward or do you think you still have adequate access to the debt markets if you issue at $250 million or have you thought about that?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, that's a good question. And we'll be looking at as debt issuances come due. Probably we'll look at it in a couple of ways. One, there may be an opportunity to open some of the existing debt and get it at that larger level, so keep it at the index level. We will also look at, should we issue in larger amounts and maybe have to look at our CP program overall. But we've been very successful at the smaller utilities, even issue under the index size debt. So we've been successful either way. But we'll evaluate them as they come due and what's the most efficient to execute them.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then the last question I had is around the numbers on page 10 and 11. You had fairly sizable impacts in Wisconsin related to O&M that even after excluding the earning sharing. I was wondering if you could give some more color on what happened there in the fourth quarter in particular.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. In order to really look at the fourth quarter O&M, you really have to take a step back to 2015. So in 2015 as you recall, we had an extremely warm fourth quarter, and in that fourth quarter, we had to really look at our O&M expenses. And in the end, we had to control O&M expenses to get to our authorized return. And when you look at this year, we're just getting back to running the normal O&M in the projects that we were doing. There may be some timing between the third and fourth quarter, but we've really looked at the total expense over the entire year. So, there is a little more O&M, specifically in this fourth quarter, but it was exaggerated by what we did last year in 2015. But overall, we're able to hit our authorized return in all the jurisdictions. And like Allen mentioned, next year, we're looking about 3% reduction in total O&M.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Zhou (48:00) with Avon Advisors (sic) [Avon Capital]. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: (48:04)
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Thank you, guys. Hey. No, it's actually Andy Levi. How are you?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hey, Andy.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: I had a question on the growth rate, but I think you guys were very clear on that. So I'm all set. Thank you very much.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Andy.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. I'm actually going to pick up where Andy just left off. Can you talk about how many – I know you're talking about 3% O&M down in the 2017 over 2016, so 2016 O&M was almost $2.2 billion. So, that's a pretty sizable chunk of O&M reduction. Do you see multiple years of this? I mean we've seen some of your peers go to mergers. One of the East Coast utilities did an acquisition or did a merger with a peer and they've been able to do four or five years of 2% to 3% O&M reductions. Just curious if you see that kind of runway ahead for cost saves, that would benefit both shareholders and other stakeholders including customers?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Well, I think in terms of being able to continue to maintain O&M reductions, I do believe we'll have additional capacity to reduce O&M, Michael. But I would say, as you look out say to 2018, 2019, 2020, which I think is kind of more where you're going, the larger reductions in O&M are most likely going to be centered around our generation portfolio as we restructure that generation portfolio. And let me just give you one example in particular, bridge back to the conversation or the prepared remarks when I was talking about the new gas-fired generation in the UP. Well, once we have that new generation online, and we're able to retire the Presque Isle Power Plant, the run rate of O&M at Presque Isle, it's about $40 million a year, which very, very significant both for Wisconsin Electric as well as the consolidated entity. So, I do believe, there'll be additional opportunities, but the really big opportunities in terms of O&M reduction are going to come more from the generation side. There will be more modest, not unimportant but more modest opportunities and say, we implement our new ERP system, so now we're going through efforts where we're trying to get all of our utilities on common systems. So, as we implement our new ERP system in this year and in 2018, I would see more savings opportunities there, but that's a little more modest.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And one follow-up just on the Bluewater Gas acquisition, the gas storage acquisition. Can you all remind us where are your gas utilities currently buying storage from? And how should we think about what the impact of this, if you assume like a utility like return, what the impact of this is for the customer?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So right now, the largest single, say, third-party provider of storage is ANR. So, ANR is the largest single provider. I believe that they provide about 40% of the storage or thereabouts for the operating companies, so that's the biggest one Michael. As the service agreements would be put in place, if you look at it from a present value standpoint, okay, so cover all the return of capital, cover all those costs, we would see roughly a $213 million net present value savings to customers. And in terms of the year where you would see an absolute reduction due to this, I think that's in year four, so pretty quickly gets to annual reduction in rates, and any increase in the early years, it's less than 1%, but present value, that's $200 million-plus – $213 million net present value, so very significant savings that we would see. Does that help Michael?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That helps a lot. And one last one, I apologize for the short list here. First quarter guidance and I know weather has not been so wonderful January to date, but first quarter guidance seems a little tepid. Can you talk a little bit about, given you're much more gassy now than you were pre-Integrys, what that means in terms of your kind of where you think you'll fall within 2017's range, if it has any impact at all and maybe how you're thinking about how kind of – and I know you've touched on this a little bit, but kind of how you're thinking about the broader growth of the company over time, multi-years out?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. And Scott, why don't you address Michael's question about the first quarter?
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So the first quarter, you're correct Michael, the month of January right now is about 12% warmer than normal. It's like the seventh warmest in the last 57 years, so it's a pretty warm January. So, we did have an entry last year that took that $1.9 down to about $1.05. So if you take some weather of $0.01 or $0.02, we're kind of in the middle of the range that we provided. But it's really early in the year to say how that's going to affect our overall guidance, like Allen mentioned, we have a lot of O&M that we look at and monitor and we manage the business to get to our log (54:12) returns.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. And then I think Michael, in terms of longer-term growth, I addressed that in the script and also talked a little bit about it in the response to Greg Gordon's question, was there any other aspect specifically about that that you want me to cover?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No, just kind of thinking about whether you see your electric business or your gas business, which of those two being a higher growth business and is the spread between the two significant? Are we talking about pennies or nickels, not dimes and quarters?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right. Well, in terms of – and let me talk about that in terms of capital allocation, if you will. So if you look at the five-year capital budget, just that half, in fact, maybe a little over half of the capital that we would expect to commit over the next five years is in the natural gas distribution business. So, given that the natural gas distribution as measured by rate base is about a quarter of the company, right now. In terms of percentage growth, we're going to see much greater or expect to see much greater percentage growth in earnings in the natural gas business than we would in electric. But in terms of absolute capital employed, it's almost even, electric versus gas. But in terms of percentage growth, most of it's going to come from gas we would expect.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Allen. Thanks, guys. Much appreciated.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Jim.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hey, how are you?
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: My questions have been asked and answered. Thank you, guys.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. Take care, Jim.
Scott J. Lauber - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thanks, Jim.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yep.
Allen L. Leverett - WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Well, that concludes our conference call. Thank you all for participating. If you have any more questions, please contact Beth Straka at the company. Her direct number is 414-221-4639.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Allen Leverett - CEO Scott Lauber - CFO Colleen Henderson – Manager, IR
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse  Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andy Levi - Avon Capital
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Third Quarter 2016 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, that are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, a package of detailed financial information is posted at wecenergygroup.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Allen Leverett: Hello everyone and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the third quarter of the year. But first I want to introduce the members of our team who are with me here today. Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, our Treasurer; Susan Martin, our General Counsel; Bill Guc, our Controller; Beth Straka, finally, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. So with that let's start with our third quarter 2016 results. We reported adjusted third quarter earnings of $0.69 per share, that compares with adjusted earnings of $0.58 per share in the third quarter of 2015. Our adjusted earnings exclude merger related costs. The weather here in Southeastern Wisconsin was the second warmest in 84 years. Scott will review the most significant drivers for the quarter with you in a moment.  In addition to our third quarter earnings we have two positive developments to share with you. First we reached an uncontested settlement with the Michigan Public Service Commission staff, the Michigan attorney general and other interveners to form a Michigan only utility. This utility will be named the Upper Michigan Energy Resources Company or UMERC for short. We expect UMERC will provide electric and natural gas service to current customers of Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. At this point we believe UMERC will begin operations on January 1 of next year. The formation of UMERC is another step that is required to allow us to begin a certificate of necessity proceeding for our proposed generation solution in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.  We are proposing a $255 million investment in 170 megawatts of natural gas fired generation. UMERC would own and operate the reciprocating internal combustion engines which would provide a long term generation solution for reliable and low cost power for customers in the upper peninsula, including the mines owned by Cliffs Resources.  Now we expect to file our proposal with the Michigan commission in November and we're targeting commercial operation in 2019. At that time or soon after we expect to be in a position to retire our coal fired Presque Isle power plant.  The second positive development relates to our earnings outlook. Based on the positive third quarter results largely driven by weather, we now expect our 2016 earnings to be at the upper end of our guidance range of $2.88 to $2.94. Now we only had one ongoing rate case this year. This was our Minnesota gas utilities rate case, very recently received a final decision from the Minnesota Commission authorizing a 9.11% return on equity. The revenue increase is approximately 3% or an estimated $6.8 million. And this is in line with our expectations for the case. Early next year we will evaluate our rate case plans for all of our utilities. Next, I want to mention a recent development at the FERC level which impacts our earnings at ATC. On September 28, FERC voted to affirm a prior ALJ recommendation of a 10.32% base ROE in the first MISO ROE complaint. Effective January 2015, we qualified for a 50 basis point adder for being a MISO member increasing our ROE to 10.82%. The resolution of this first complaint for the period from November of 2013 through February 11 of 2015 resulted in an increase in pretax earnings of approximately $1.4 million. Looking ahead we expect an order in the second quarter of 2017 in the second MISO complaint case where the ALJ recommended a base ROE of 9.7%. Again we qualify for the 50 basis point adder which would increase the recommended ROE to 10.2%. We believe this is an appropriate assumption going forward.  Now a reminder on our dividend. In January of this year our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.495 per share, an increase of 8.2% over the previous quarterly dividend. Our annual dividend rate stands at $1.98 a share and our yield is at approximately the industry average. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. Given that we are in this range now I expect our dividend growth will be in line with our earnings per share growth.  Finally I want to review our updated five year capital forecast. This plan now reflects a range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion which is $1.6 billion more than the plan we presented at EEI last November. This plan does not include a potential natural gas storage investment that we are continuing to pursue. I would also remind you that these figures do not include ATC’s capital spending plan.  In addition to the project outlined for you earlier we have continued to identify the need for infrastructure improvements, including our gas facilities in Chicago. We have included updated five year capital investment forecast charts in the back of the earnings package.  Now with details on our third quarter results and a financial outlook, here is our chief financial officer Scott Lauber. 
Scott Lauber : Thank you, Allen. Our 2016 third quarter GAAP earnings were $0.68 per share compared with $0.58 per share in the third quarter of 2015. Third quarter results in both 2016 and 2015 include a full quarter of earnings from the Integrys companies. Excluding one set of acquisition costs in 2016 adjusted earnings per share increased by $0.11 from $0.58 per share in the third quarter of 2015 to $0.69 per share in the third quarter of 2016. You may recall that we reported adjusted earnings of $0.61 per share in the third quarter last year. For purposes of comparing 2016 and 2015 third quarter earnings on a consistent basis, the calculation of adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2015 now includes Integrys earnings, all interest expense related to the acquisition financing and all shares issued in conjunction with the acquisition. As a result, the comparable adjusted earnings per share value for 2015 is now $0.58 per share. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes the results of the Integrys companies and has full GAAP to adjusted reconciliation.  First I'll focus on operating income by segment and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Referring page ten of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the third quarter adjusted for costs related to the acquisition of Integrys was $402.5 million as compared to $351.8 million in 2015, an increase of $50.7 million. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income in the third quarter totaled $299.1 million for 2016, an increase of $42.5 million from the third quarter of 2015. The improved quarter over quarter results for the Wisconsin segment was driven primarily by significantly warmer than normal weather and timing of positive fuel recoveries.  In the third quarter of 2016 our Illinois segment had $11.7 million of operating income, an increase of $8.2 million compared to the $3.5 million of operating income recognized during the 2015 third quarter. The increase in operating income was driven primarily by continuing investment in the gas system modernization program. Operating income for our other states segment improved $2.7 million in part due to cost controls. Operating income at the We Power segment was up $500,000 when compared to 2015. This increase reflects additional investments at our Power the Future plan. Our corporate and other segment realized an adjusted operating loss of $1 million this quarter compared to an adjusted operating income of $2.2 million in the third quarter of 2015. Taking the changes of these segments together we arrived at $50.7 million increase in adjusted operating income.  During the third quarter of 2016 earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $38.3 million, a decrease of $1.7 million from the same quarter last year. The lower equity earnings were driven by the recent FERC order and ALJ recommendations related to the ATC ROE reviews. Our other income net decreased by $3.6 million largely related to lower AFUDC which was caused primarily by timing of capital expenditures. Our net interest expense decreased $4.1 million, interest expense decreased quarter over quarter primarily as a result of the repurchase of a portion of the Integrys 6.11% junior notes earlier this year. Those notes were replaced with lower interest rate short term debt. Increased quarter over quarter operating income was the primary driver for the $15.7 million increase in our adjusted consolidated income tax expense. We anticipate that our annual effective tax rate for 2016 will be between 37.5% and 38.5%. Combining all these items it brings us to adjust to the earnings of $219.1 million or $0.69 per share for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $185 million or $0.58 per share for the third quarter of 2015. On a year to date basis, GAAP earnings were $2.35 per share compared with $1.78 per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Excluding acquisition costs, adjusted earnings per share increased $0.33 from $2.03 per share in 2015 to $2.36 per share in 2016. Year to date results in 2016 include the impacts of the Integrys acquisition. Recall that 2015 year to date results include only one quarter of Integrys earnings. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $647.5 million during the first nine months of 2016. This increase was driven primarily by $526 million of net cash flows from the operating activities of Integrys for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The remaining increase was driven by decreasing contributions to employee benefit plans. As previously discussed we contribute $100 million to our qualified pension trust in 2015 and we did not make a contribution in 2016.  Our capital expenditures totaled $1 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a $208.3 million increase compared to the same period in 2015. The largest increase was related to capital investments at the Integrys companies. Our debt to capital ratio was 51.4% at the end of September, an increase from the 50.1% adjusted debt to capital ratio reported at the end of June. Effective at the end of the third quarter we no longer are adjusting equity for any portion of the legacy Integrys hybrid instruments. Our calculations continue to treat half of the WEC Energy Group 2007 series A junior subordinate notes at common equity. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward we do not expect to issue any additional shares.  We also paid $468.6 million in common dividends during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $157.7 million over the same period last year. Higher dividends were driven by the increase in shares outstanding related to the Integrys acquisition sectors and an increase in the dividend rate compared to the first nine months of 2015. Since the beginning of 2015 we increased our quarterly dividend 17.2% from $0.4225 per share to the current level of $0.495 per share. Moving to sales, we continued to see customer growth across our system. At the end of September our Wisconsin utilities were serving about 7000 more electric customers and nearly 13,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Our natural gas utilities in Illinois, Michigan and Minnesota are serving approximately 18,000 more customers compared to a year ago. Now let's discuss delivered volumes. For comparative purposes year to date electric volume information reflects results for both Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service. Weather normalized deliveries are adjusted to factor out the effects of leap year. Actual third quarter retail electric deliveries, excluding the iron ore mines, increased 4.1%. On a weather normalized basis retail deliveries of electricity were flat compared to the third quarter of 2015. Looking at the individual customer segments, actual residential deliveries rose 8.1% while weather normalized residential deliveries decreased five-tenths of 1%. Across our small commercial industrial group, actual deliveries increased 3.6% while weather normalized quarterly deliveries increased seven-tenths of 1%. In the large commercial industrial segment, deliveries for the third quarter of 2016 increased 2.2%. Excluding the iron ore mine, large commercial industrial deliveries increased eight-tenths of 1%. We see continued improvement in several important sectors of Wisconsin’s economy, including paper and paper products, food processing and chemical processing. Year to date weather normalized retail deliveries, excluding the iron ore mines, increased three-tenths of 1%.  Now an update on our natural gas deliveries. As you may recall our Illinois segment has a decoupling mechanism and its margins are less affected by weather. Looking at Wisconsin, our largest segment, year to date retail gas deliveries, excluding gas use for power generation, decreased 3% compared to the same period in 2015 due primarily to warmer weather. On a weather normalized basis, year to date retail gas deliveries, excluding gas use for power generation, were up 2.8%. Overall our normalized results for gas and electric sales in 2016 were slightly above our expectations.  Turning now to our earnings forecasts. We expect our 2016 earnings to be at the upper end of our guidance of $2.88 per share to $2.94 per share. The guidance excludes a $0.01 per share of acquisition related costs in the third quarter as well as any potential acquisition related cost that may arise during the fourth quarter. This projection assumes normal weather for the balance of the year and reflects the mild first quarter weather as well as a very warm third quarter weather conditions. A couple of key points as we look at the annual guidance. First, the very warm weather in the third quarter was mainly in southeatern Wisconsin and the majority of the weather related margins and positive fuel recoveries were in the Wisconsin electric service territory. This was a benefit to Wisconsin electric in the third quarter of about $0.08. As you recall Wisconsin electric and Wisconsin gas have an earning sharing mechanism in place as part of the acquisition order and therefore limit the overall earnings potential for the year. In addition we expect an increase in maintenance expense items in the fourth quarter compared to last year. Again we expect our 2016 earnings to be at the upper end of our $2.88 per share to $2.94 per share guidance range.  With that, I will turn things back to Allen. 
Allen Leverett: Thank you, Scott. Now before we take your questions I want to take a moment to thank Colleen Henderson for her 21 years of dedicated service to the company. Now it's been my pleasure to work with Colleen for thirteen of these twenty one years. Colleen will be retiring from the company in January. Colleen has been our primary contact with all of you as well as the other members of the investment community. She leaves a legacy of what I believe is one of the best investor relations programs in our industry. So please join me in wishing Colleen a long happy and healthy retirement. Operator we’re ready for the question and answer portion of our conference call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. 
Greg Gordon : I wanted to say congratulations as well to Colleen, you will be missed. 
Colleen Henderson: Thank you.
Greg Gordon : Gosh, I think you have been doing this since I was in diapers in this business and I – so congratulations on that. 
Greg Gordon : I do have a question on the fourth-quarter earnings and then a question on CapEx. So first, you guys earned -- I think you earned $0.63 in the fourth quarter last year, so if I just do that basic math, if you had a flat year you would be slightly above the high end of the range. Is the reason that you don't expect that to happen because you will be in a refund position on the sharing, or because you have found opportunities to do accelerated expense programs where they benefit customers? Or some combination of both or is there another item that I am not thinking about?
Allen Leverett: So let me start, Greg, on the fourth quarter earnings question and then I'll let Scott expand on a couple of points. So you touched on one of the issues which is the sharing mechanism at Wisconsin electric -- let's say sharing mechanism, the earning sharing mechanism at Wisconsin electric and Wisconsin gas and just keep in mind that's about 60% of our regulated utilities, so 60% of our earnings would be subject to that earning sharing mechanism. So we certainly expect that mechanism to kick in and there would be some sharing. In fact, we already accrued some sharing in the third. So that's the first factor that will impact, we expect it will impact the fourth quarter, you touched on that.  The other thing, Greg, that I would just emphasize and Scott talked about this a little bit in his remarks but remember the electric fuel recovering mechanisms that we have at Wisconsin electric and Wisconsin public service, they have a dead-band, so in dollar terms it's a plus or minus $15 million at Wisconsin electric. It's a plus or minus $6 million at Wisconsin public service. And so once you get above those positive recovery levels, all of the dollars go, dollar for dollar above that level back to refunds for customers. Unlike the third quarter of last year we actually went all the way to the top of those bands in the third quarter of this year. In the fourth quarter of last year we had to get well into the fourth quarter before we hit those -- before we hit those levels. So that also introduced another timing difference or earnings timing difference if you will in third quarter as opposed to fourth.  And the last thing is related to O&M spend. And what really happened, Greg, seems like every quarter we talk a lot about the weather but in the fourth quarter of 2015 that was a very mild weather quarter and as a result in order to hit the financial commitments we had, we actually had to cut back a bit on O&M spending. So I view the O&M spend run rate that we had in the fourth quarter of 2015 is being a little abnormal, meaning abnormally low. What I think we'll see in the fourth quarter this year is more of a normal run rate for the business the way it's configured now. So I think those three factors, the earning sharing mechanisms, hitting the top of the positive recovery bands on the fuel in the third quarter and finally that difference in O&M timing, I think all of those will impact the fourth quarter. I don't know Scott if you want to spend any time at all on the sharing mechanisms.
Scott Lauber: Yes, we can just cover that just a little bit, so at Wisconsin electric and Wisconsin gas at the sharing mechanism and remember there is an authorizer allowed return in Wisconsin electric of about 10.2% ROE and then we share the first 50 basis points above that. So we can directly earn up to the 10.45 and then anything above that or the sharing part of that will be used to basically amortize some of the transmission assets that we have on our balance sheet, that was part of the acquisition order. So that part of the sharing mechanism that will happen as we look at the fourth quarter again and tie it all together.  As we look at the earnings in the fourth quarter last year, you factor in the interest expense that fell [$0.62] on a comparable basis and the fuel that Allen talked about, that’s about $0.03, so you get down to that $0.59 and the O&M getting back to a normal run rate, and maintenance is about $0.02 to $0.03. so it gets into that $0.57, $0.59 range.
Allen Leverett: But Greg, I think you had a question on capital. 
Greg Gordon : Yes, so you did mention it in your comments at the opening of the call. Can you talk a little bit more about specifically what kind of projects you have identified? I think at this point you have pretty much fully offset the $1 billion impact of bonus depreciation from the tax package that was passed last December. And I think you have even, if I count increases in the 2019 and 2020 CapEx forecast, have now basically gotten back into the sort of positive territory on total rate base additions relative to the impact of bonus. So can you talk about where you are in your thought process on updating your CapEx? You said there was still, a) what are the things that you have put into the plan that you think are beneficial for customers? And, b), what is still being -- you talk about I think at least one type of capital program that is still under consideration that hasn't been rolled out yet?
Allen Leverett: Well, in terms of the way the numbers break down, so overall if we look at our five year capital plan, it’s about $1.6 billion more than the plan that was laid out in November of 2015 at EEI. So you're exactly right, Greg, it would offset the billion -- roughly $1 billion tax impact to bonus depreciation, plus another say $550 million on top of that. So just to give you a sense for the types of things, Greg, that are in $1.6 billion. So we alluded to one of them in the call. So there is $255 million for the generation in Michigan. I certainly see that as a benefit to the customers in the UP and also a benefit to customers in Wisconsin because once we retire Presque Isle there will be about a $40 million O&M savings associated with retirement plan.  Also in the generation category we've made the assumption. We also expect that as soon as we can or we're allowed to by MISO we want to proceed to retire the Pulliam plant which is a coal plant at the Green Bay Area and that will leave a generation need in Wisconsin public service and we will have an option to invest. We have a generation option at the Riverside power plant that Alliant is building, that's about $100 million, so exercise on that first option.  On the electric distribution side, I think we've talked before about the system modernization reliability program in the Wisconsin public service territory. So we're going to finish the first phase and do a second phase that will be about $100 million. That's a very popular program, we've seen a quite significant reliability benefit for the distribution customers in Wisconsin public service.  On the gas distribution side, just to give you one example. I'm sure you and the other listeners on the call are very familiar with what's going on with FEMSA and the new rules that are coming on gas storage. We believe we’re going to require about a $50 million program at the Manlove storage field in Illinois to do well workovers and put in the subsurface safety valves. So that's another $50 million. And then just to give you a couple of other examples. A number of software projects that we believe are going result in O&M savings. So short cycle work management system in Illinois. We're also going to move the automated meters at our Michigan gas utility as well as our Minnesota gas utility. So as you can tell from that litany, I mean there is quite a number of things that are in that list. And I believe, our team believes that they'll all be beneficial to customers either from a cost standpoint or reliability or both. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman : Just briefly, the higher capital plan for Illinois, will that be just recovered the same way it’s been done under the legislation for the gas system?
Allen Leverett: Well at this point, Steve, I would expect that the roughly $50 million for the storage field that we would do that under traditional regulation as opposed to using a rider mechanism.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. 
Jonathan Arnold : Colleen, our best wishes as well. Thank you for all your help over the years.
Colleen Henderson: Thank you very much, Jonathan. Say thanks to Caroline too.
Jonathan Arnold : She joins me in those wishes. So just quickly on -- you gave a number I think of $0.08 of weather in the quarter in the prepared remarks. I was just curious whether that was net of any of the accrued sharing that you had in the quarter or just could we break that down a little further?
Scott Lauber: Sure, the $0.08 in Wisconsin electric is really just looking at the margins itself and the fuel recovery, so there's about $0.03 positive fuel recoveries in the third quarter, that wasn’t really expected usually like Allen said was in the fourth quarter. In addition, the other $0.05 was the weather margin related in Wisconsin electric’s territory. The warm weather in Wisconsin was -- across the state but mainly that southeatern Wisconsin was about 50% warmer than normal, so quite an extreme warm weather over the quarter. 
Jonathan Arnold : Thank you for that. And then I guess I think Greg got most of my other things, but just may I ask what should we anticipate incrementally at least in broad terms from you guys at EEI in a week or so?
Allen Leverett: Well I think in terms of the broad numbers you have them. So in terms of the capital forecast we've laid that out today. I think Scott and Beth and Colleen will be prepared to lay out -- give you further detail behind those numbers. But in terms of the broad numbers you have them, Jonathan. 
Jonathan Arnold : So just more fleshing out the details on the CapEx, etc.?
Allen Leverett: That's exactly right, Jonathan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Weinstein : Congratulations, Colleen, you will definitely be missed and I am sure that –
Colleen Henderson: Thank you very much.
Michael Weinstein : Looking forward to working with Beth again closer and everything so it will be great. In terms of the CapEx plan, are you -- what can you say about the longer-term 5% to 7% growth rate post 2016 and the impact of it on that?
Allen Leverett: And I think if you take -- and I think it's important to mention this on the call that if you take the capital that I talked about for the retail utilities, plus the capital plan for ATC, we view that as being supportive of the 5% to 7% range level.
Michael Weinstein : Okay, so within and supportive.
Allen Leverett: Correct. 
Michael Weinstein : Are you going to be updating the 10-year capital projection plan at EEI or --?
Scott Lauber: Yeah we're pulling that together right now working with the operations and the president just to lay out the remaining five years of that plan. So we will have something at EEI.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides : Congrats on a great quarter and year to date. One question, if I look at the year to date numbers in the earnings packet, one of the things that doesn't really stand out a lot is the impact of O&M, right. So when you give kind of the small verbal not verbal -- the small written descriptions on page 11 of what the contribution at each segment to potentially lower O&M. It’s actually not that big of a number and that strikes me just at first glance a little bit surprising given you are not even a year and a half post merger. I'm just curious, is that being embedded somewhere else or are you not seeing much in the way of O&M reductions post Integrys? I'm trying to just think this through a little bit.
Scott Lauber: Yeah, I mean there is some O&M sprinkled throughout so we are seeing O&M and all the other segments, Wisconsin, Illinois, the other states, and remember Allen talked about some of the sharing mechanisms and that we've booked a little bit in the quarter about $18 million, that is actually an acceleration of transmission cost, so that is buried in that O&M number. 
Michael Lapides : And is that a - that $18 million, is that all you have taken for the year so far or was there any taken in the first half?
Scott Lauber: No, that's all that’s taken for the year and of course, that all depends upon the fourth quarter. 
Michael Lapides : One other thing. If I think about what is kind of going on in the various businesses, and I know you updated capital spending, but your CapEx outlook at ATC kind of has a little bit of a mini cliff, meaning CapEx is elevated and then and in another year, year and a half from now it kind of declines significantly down to the $400 million level or so at the ATC consolidated level. Do you still see that happening? Do you see anything in the horizon that could drive much of an uptick at ATC that could kind of fill that? Or do you just simply expect ATC growth to slow down a bit?
Allen Leverett: Let me let me maybe talk about that Michael in two pieces. So inside the footprint, when I say inside the footprint, that would be inside Wisconsin and the UP, Michigan. I mean you're right you're going to see or we expect to see somewhat of a deceleration or lowering in the spending at ATC. However if you look at the ten year numbers, the last cycle when they updated their ten year outlook, it was 3.7 to 4.5. This cycle is 3.6 to 4.4. So if you look over a ten year period, the ten year numbers aren't that different. But in terms of the annual averages those are -- I would expect they're going to come down somewhat, Michel, because they're very very large, very very significant reliability projects inside the footprint, a lot of those are done.  Now as perhaps the generation patterns change in the state because of clean power plan, perhaps you could see an uptick again but right now we expect it to come down somewhat. So that’s the inside the footprint. Outside the footprint, we're certainly pursuing other investments and we talked about on previous calls, we talked about that a little bit. So that's one of the reasons why a number of years ago because of what we saw coming with inside the plant, why we want to start pursuing something outside of Wisconsin and Michigan. 
Michael Lapides : One last question, how are you thinking -- and I know you said in your prepared remarks that you will give a little bit of an update on this on the fourth-quarter call. But just curious about your thoughts on whether you would file cases in Wisconsin. And I guess a little bit of my question is more of a legal or regulatory one. Do you have to file a case in Wisconsin next year or if you don't feel the need you can stay out for another year or so?
Allen Leverett: Well I think from a practical standpoint and let’s just put the legalities aside, I think from a practical standpoint Michael, anything we do whether we would decide to file or not to file, we would want to reach agreement with the commission staff about that. So just putting legalities aside, I think whatever we do whichever one of those paths we go down, we would want to do that with the agreement of the staff. And then just to reiterate what I was saying earlier in the call we would start having those conversations early in the new year with the staff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. 
Paul Ridzon : I don't know if you went over this, but what was the refund in the third quarter? And what do you expect in the fourth quarter assuming normal weather?
Allen Leverett: Well there were no refunds. What we did, Paul, just to be clear is we accrued under the sharing mechanism, we accrued $18 million pretax in the third quarter and then based upon the fourth quarter results you get to a final number, that 18 could increase, it could decrease, because the accounting period you look at for sharing with the calendar year. 
Scott Lauber: Yeah there's really not a refund. It's really just paying down of regulatory asset or reducing a future rate increase. So that was going to get cash back to customers, we will be able to reduce or not increase rates in the future related to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson : Thanks so much for your help over the years. Let me just circle back on the gas CapEx numbers. Was it right to understand that about $50 million is the amount that won't be going through the -- it will be more of a traditional sort of rate case approach, is that right?
Allen Leverett: No, and let me just sort of clarify to make sure everybody understands. So I expect next year if you look at the system modernization program, this would be basically the replacement of the cast iron mains to meters what not, but that will be nearly $300 million of spending in 2017. And that will go going back to Steve Fleishman’s question, that $300 million will go through the QIP rider. In addition to that I expect that we're going to have to spend $50 million on the safety related things at the Manlove field. That $50 million, Paul, I think it spreads out over three or four years but they're spread out a few years but at this point I would not expect to put that $50 million to the QIP rider. 
Paul Patterson : And then the other amount is -- I mean let me ask you this. So the increase that we see over what you guys had in September was like $130 million is about -- the $50 million, annually speaking that is, I don't know, that’s over several years, so that’s only part of it. And the other amount, is it the AMRP that’s -- what is the incremental difference I guess from what you guys – 
Scott Lauber: The other part is a variety of different items and like Allen said those items I mean it ranges from additional infrastructure work to the meters that are outside of the footprint, also some software in there. So that those there do not go through the rider. However we you have depreciation in an ongoing basis and that's really filling in some of that normal depreciation in the area. 
Paul Patterson : Okay. And then there was I guess a filing regarding methane mapping that I think covers [ph] is suggesting would substantially increase the efficiency of this AMR -- this accelerated main replacement program. So do you have any comments on that or I mean is that any -- do you guys -- what do you guys think about that?
Allen Leverett: Well just to be clear this is related to methane leaks on the gas distribution system in Chicago. And my understanding of the approach that the team uses there is prioritized projects, it already takes into account leak rates -- methane leak rates. So there's already the attempt built into that process, that variable if you will and trying to reduce methane leaks. So I would view that we're already trying to address that in a way we do the prioritization. Certainly if there's a better more precise way to factor that into the process, that's certainly something we can consider that it's already being considered in the current prioritization process. 
Paul Patterson : Okay, great. And then there was this -- in Michigan there is discussion of increasing transmission with Ontario. And they see that as a potential to lower rates and what have you. And I was just wondering is there any opportunity there or any impact associated with -- do you guys have any thoughts about that? I think it is the Upper Peninsula that they are talking about. Any thoughts about that or any color on that?
Allen Leverett: Yeah, not a lot of color but I could give you, Paul, and my understanding that this would be a study that the state government there would kick off and look at the feasibility of that and what would it cost et cetera but not any real color that I can get around that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital. 
Andy Levi : Colleen, 20 years I think, right? 25, how long have you been IR?
Colleen Henderson: 21.
Andy Levi : 21, okay 21 years. 21 years, okay. I've been doing this longer than you, pretty scary. But thank you for everything, Colleen. You've always been very good to me. So I will never -- it is not forgotten, I appreciate it. And then most of my questions were answered. I just have two questions. Just Allen in general, obviously you added a lot of CapEx, you filled everything in, it’s like $1.9 billion a year. Any reason to think as you get more comfortable in 2017 that the growth rate could go higher?
Allen Leverett: Well I think as I look at the capital spending and in response to one of the previous questions, we certainly view that what we put on the table for retail CapEx in the retail utilities, what ATC has put on the table for the inside the footprint we all view that as being supportive of the earnings per share guidance range. The way I would answer your question, Andy, actually to kick ourselves in that range, we're going to need to be able to be successful with some of these transmission developments outside of the traditional footprint at ATC. So I think if I certainly saw a significant way, some successes outside the footprint at ATC, that would certainly give me some comfort to put your forecast above but still within that 5% to 7% range.
Andy Levi : Because the $1.9 billion or plus year seems much higher than what it was when you originally came out with the growth rate. And then so by the time you got to like ‘19 or ‘20 it adds a couple cents, a couple cents, a couple cents every year.
Allen Leverett: Go ahead.
Andy Levi : No, no, no, so I was just kind of doing some dumb math which I am really good at. And -- emphasizing the dumb part -- Go ahead.
Allen Leverett: I think you should keep in mind, Andy, one of the areas -- remember we had this additional bonus depreciation was kind of in in the middle here, so that was a $1 billion cash tax impact. The other thing that perhaps people don't talk about quite as much, since we talked about a 5% to 7% earnings per share growth range we've seen allowed rates of return, most notably the allowed rate of returns FERC go down. So there's sort of then some puts and takes. Certainly there have been some increases in our projected level of capital spending, those are the puts and takes. We certainly had bonus appreciation and some reduction in allowed rate of return.
Andy Levi : That explains that. And then the last question I had is around Point Beach. And how does the contract [indiscernible] NextEra? Does the contract start to -- does it start to increase I guess in price next year? Is that how it works?
Allen Leverett: Yeah, and then so maybe sort of go back because a lot of people may not have the history with the Point Beach with the PPA and the sale of the asset, just and I'm sure you remember, Andy, but for the benefit of others, on the call, so back in -- actually December of 2006 we announced the sale of the plant and some associated PPAs with NextEra. We went through a very protracted contested case proceeding in Wisconsin leading up to the actual financial closing of the sale in 2007.  Now during that protracted prolonged contested case proceeding the commission approved not only the sale of the nuclear plant, the two units, so the both of the units but they also reviewed and approved the PPAs and there were refunds of the above book and the proceeds that we got above book for the plant as well as the excess nuclear decommissioning funds that were in the trust. So the PPA as well as the sale, all were reviewed in that proceeding. And then ever since then these PPP payments have been consistently recovered in the fuel costs. So I think all that background, all that context is important, and I think Scott, maybe you could fill in – I mean I don’t have if we have the specific numbers in terms of at least the next two years what happens with -- I don't have them handy. 
Scott Lauber: Yeah. So they increase slightly in ’17 and ’18 about 1% and that's a like ’19 or ’20 that we start going up at 6% rate. 
Andy Levi : So beginning in 2019 rates start to increase 6% to 7% a year, but it is not until ‘19. So there is no issue in ‘17 or ‘18 as far as what you file and having to worry about I guess not rate fatigue but rates going up too fast. So in ‘19 when you have the 6% to 7% increase, and that goes over like a 10-year period, right, where the rates increase every year 6% or 7% beginning in ‘19, is that right?
Allen Leverett: Yes.
Andy Levi : So with that being the case, on a -- I guess just for the Wisconsin -- the legacy customer, right? Obviously not for the Integrys customer. But for that portion that goes up beginning in ‘19 what is that as far as an overall rate increase? Because it's obviously just a portion of your total generation. Would you be able to figure that out? Is that a number that you know?
Allen Leverett: Well as we get to 2019, so the figures that Scott talked about, if you do it in a total rate, if you look at it in total rates, my recollection is, it’s about 1.25% somewhere in that range, 1.25% uplift on total rates.
Andy Levi : That should actually -- because that's actually I guess probably the only question I should have asked because that was more than I wanted to know. Okay. Well, thank you very much and I will see you guys in a week. Colleen, bon voyage, enjoy.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides : Hey guys. Real quick, Scott, the increase in CapEx, should we assume there is a pro forma increase therefore in the benefit you will get an bonus D&A? Kind of just thinking about it pro rata that whatever bonus D&A assumptions are they go up by a little bit of the percent change in CapEx that you are increasing by?
Scott Lauber: Correct. So the bonus appreciation is through 2019 and the new additional CapEx would qualify for the bonus.
Michael Lapides : So what were you all saying bonus D&A was and what do you think it will be now? I am just trying to think about the cash flow impact for you.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. So when you look at $1 billion was with the original plan. I'm sure it's a couple hundred million more, will probably be a cash tax payer in like 2018. End of Q&A
Allen Leverett: Okay. Well thank you very much for your questions. That concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Certainly if you have any more questions please contact Beth Straka or Colleen Henderson 404-221-3592. Thank you.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for Second Quarter 2016 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, WEC has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wecenergygroup.com. A replay of management remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Charlene. Thank you all for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter of the year. Now before I do that, I want to introduce the members of our team who are here with me today. Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, our Treasurer; Susan Martin, our General Counsel; Bill Guc, who is our Controller; and finally Beth Straka, who is Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now let's look at our second quarter 2016 results, the end of the second quarter marked the first anniversary of our Integrys acquisition, which closed on June 29 last year. Consistent with the first quarter, we are now reporting results of the combined company. We reported second quarter earnings of $0.57 per share that compares with adjusted earnings of $0.58 per share in the second quarter of 2015. Our adjusted earnings, in both 2015 and 2016, include interest on the debt issued to purchase Integrys as well as the shares we issued in the transaction. Scott will review the most significant drivers for the quarter with you in a moment. The results of our integration efforts have exceeded our expectations. As I mentioned last quarter, our focus on cost controls and other tangible benefits from the acquisition have allowed us to freeze base rates for customers of We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service through 2017. We submitted our standard annual electric fuel filings in Wisconsin on July 1, asking for a modest reduction at We Energies and a slight increase at Wisconsin Public Service. The only active rate case is that our Minnesota gas utility where interim rates are in place. Our long-term goal is to grow earnings per share at a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 7% off a base of $2.72 per share in 2015. Key to delivering this growth is the execution of our capital investment plan and addressing the impact of bonus tax depreciation. Now, let me give you a brief update on where we stand with our capital plan. We believe that approximately $1 billion in cash tax benefits will be generated from the bonus depreciation extension, about two thirds of this benefit will occur this year and in 2017. Although we do not expect bonus depreciation to have any significant impact on earnings this year, we are taking steps to modify our capital plan to minimize any impacts in 2017, as well as in following years. As you may recall from the first quarter call, we've advanced a number of beneficial projects into 2016 and 2017. The estimated investment associated with these projects is $500 million. In addition, we've made progress in the later years of our five-year forecast. We now expect to extend our electric System Modernization and Reliability Project at Wisconsin Public Service. This should represent another $100 million of capital investment in the 2019 and 2020 period. I would add that this is a popular program with customers at Wisconsin Public Service who are seeing significant benefits in the form of greatly reduced outages during storms. I expect that we will continue to identify projects that can be advanced into our current five-year forecast. We plan to provide a complete update to our five-year capital forecast no later than the November EEI Finance conference. Turning now to our operations in Illinois, we're moving forward on the Peoples' gas system modernization program formerly known as AMRP. This is one of the largest natural gas system infrastructure projects in the country. The program calls for replacement of approximately 2,000 miles of Chicago's aging natural gas pipelines. Over the past year, we've improved management and execution of the project, which is approximately 19% complete, and we continue to make good progress. We filed a plan with the Illinois Commerce Commission late last year that describes our top priorities in the three-year period from 2016 to 2018. The plan calls for removing and replacing more than 250 miles of aging cast-iron pipes in neighborhoods most at risk. This will require investing a projected $250 million to $280 million a year. After hearing stakeholder recommendations on issues such as the program's emphasis on safety and reliability, scope, schedule, cost forecast and controls and plans for measuring and monitoring progress, the ICC staff conducted a policy session in April summarizing the six workshops and then provided a comprehensive report to the commission on May 31. Last week, the ICC issued an order to begin a proceeding to evaluate the matters covered in the ICC staff report. The first step in the proceeding is expected to be completed within 30 days when we are required to provide the ICC with an updated plan for the gas system modernization program. We believe that the ICC will reach its conclusions by the end of the first quarter of 2017. In the interim, our work on the gas infrastructure replacement program will continue. Now, I would like to briefly update you on two matters pending at the FERC. First at the end of June, an administrative law judge issued its recommended ROEs for the second pending complaint. The recommendation was for 9.7% base ROE and ATC could add a 50-basis-point adder for a total of 10.2% ROE. We have updated our reserve to reflect this. The second item pending at FERC is related to the system support resource payments for the Presque Isle Power Plant. In this case, another administrative law judge issued a recommendation requiring an approximate $20 million reduction to the payments we received for the period of February 2014 through January 2015. We are currently evaluating the ALJ's recommendation. However, if the FERC adopts the ALJ decision, I do not expect that this will result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction in income. A decision is not likely until next year. Next, I want to give you a brief reminder on our dividend. On January 21, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.395 a share, an increase of 8.2% over the previous quarterly dividend. Our annual dividend rate stands at $1.98 a share and our yield is approximately at the industry average. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. And we expect our dividend growth to be in line with our earnings per share growth. So, now for more details on our second quarter results, here's Scott.
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Allen. Our 2016 second quarter GAAP earnings were $0.57 per share, compared with $0.35 per share in the second quarter of 2015. Second quarter results in 2016 include the impact of the Integrys companies. Excluding $0.23 of acquisition cost in 2015, our adjusted earnings per share decreased by $0.01 from $0.58 in the second quarter 2015 to $0.57 per share in the second quarter of 2016. You may recall that we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.59 in the second quarter last year. For purposes of comparing 2016 and 2015 second quarter earnings on a consistent basis, the calculations of adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter of 2015 now include all interest related to the acquisition financing and all shares issued in conjunction with the acquisition. As a result, the comparable adjusted earnings per share value for 2015 is now $0.58 per share. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes the results of the Integrys companies and has full GAAP to adjusted reconciliations. First, I'll focus on operating income by segment and then discuss other income, interest expense, and income taxes. Referring to page 11 of the earnings packet, our consolidated operating income for the second quarter was $332.1, million as compared to an adjusted $230.8 million in 2015, an increase of $101.3 million. Starting with the Wisconsin segment, operating income in the second quarter totaled $214.7 million for 2016, an increase of $74.3 million from the adjusted second quarter of 2015. We realized a $51.5 million contribution from Wisconsin Public Service and reported a $22.8 million increase driven in part by higher quarter-over-quarter electricity demand at Wisconsin Electric as temperatures in the early summer of 2016 were warmer than normal. In the second quarter of 2016, our Illinois segment had $22.6 million of operating income and our other states segment added $2.3 million of operating income. We added these segments as part of our Integrys acquisition. Operating income in the We Power segment was up $900,000 when compared to 2015. This increase reflects additional investment at our Power the Future plants. Our corporate and other segment realized an operating loss of $1.6 million this quarter, as compared to an adjusted operating loss of $2.8 million in the second quarter of 2015 due primarily to lower labor costs. Taking the changes for these segments together, we arrive at a $101.3 million increase from adjusted operating income. Moving to other income, during the second quarter of 2016, earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $30.9 million, an increase of $16.6 million from the same period last year. This increase is directly related to the increase on our ownership interest from about 26% to just over 60% as a result of Integrys acquisition. As Allen mentioned earlier, this was in part offset by an incremental reserve taken to reflect the most recent administrative law judge recommendation related to the FERC ROE reviews. Our other income net increased by $6.3 million largely related to higher AFUDC to the inclusion of AFUDC from the Integrys companies. Our net interest expense increased $38.3 million driven by $33.7 million of interest expense from the Integrys companies in 2016. In addition, we incurred about $6 million quarter-over-quarter increase in interest expense on the $1.5 billion of debt issued in June 2015 to complete the Integrys acquisition. Earnings from the Integrys companies were a primary driver of the $38.3 million increase in our adjusted consolidated income tax expense. We anticipate that our annual effective tax rate for 2016 will be between 37.5% to 38.5%. Combining all these items brings us to an adjusted earnings of $133.8 million or $0.58per share for the second quarter of 2015, compared to $181.4 million or $0.57 per share for the second quarter of 2016. Now, looking to our cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $507.6 million during the first six months of 2016. This increase was driven by $466.6 million of net cash flows from the operating activities of Integrys during the first half of 2016. The remaining increase was driven in part by a decrease in contributions to employee benefit plans. You may recall that we contributed $100 million to our qualified pension trust in 2015 and we did not make a contribution in 2016. This increase was partially offset by changes in working capital. While I am on the subject of pensions, with the current interest rate environment, the potential exists for an approximate 100-basis-point reduction in our discount rate to about 3.5%. On a enterprise-wide basis, we estimate that this would add approximately $35 million to pension expense in 2017. This also could impact the level of pension contributions that would be made next year. We currently are factoring this into our 2017 plan. Our capital expenditures, totaled $618.7 million during the first six months of 2017 (sic) [2016] (14:53). A $250.7 million increase, compared to the same period in 2015. The largest increase was driven primarily by capital investments, at the Integrys companies. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 50.1% at the end of June. Our calculation treats half the hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We also paid $312.4 million in common dividends during the six months ended June 30, 2016, an increase of a $121.9 million over the same period last year. This is driven by the increase in shares with the Integrys acquisition and a 17.2% increase in the dividend rate compared to the first half of 2015. We also see continued customer growth across our system. At the end of June, our Wisconsin utilities were serving nearly 9,000 more electric customers, and nearly 14,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Our natural gas utilities in Illinois, Michigan and Minnesota are now serving nearly 15,000 more customers in the past year. For comparative purposes, the electric sales information I'll discuss next reflects results for both Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service. Weather-normalized sales are adjusted for the effects of weather and year-to-date results factor all the effects of leap year. On a weather-normalized basis, retail sales of electricity, excluding the iron ore mines, were up 1% compared to the second quarter of 2015. Actual second quarter deliveries increased 3%. Looking now at the individual customer segments, weather-normalized residential deliveries increased 2.8%, while actual residential deliveries rose 7.7%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, weather-normalized quarterly deliveries increased 0.7%, actual deliveries increased 2.2%. In the large commercial and industrial segment, deliveries for the second quarter of 2016 increased 0.8%. Excluding the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial deliveries increased 0.3%. We continue to see improvement in several important sectors of the state's economy, including plastics, food processing and chemical processing. Year-to-date normalized retail deliveries, excluding the iron ore mines increased 0.4%. Now, an update on our natural gas deliveries. As you recall, our Illinois segment has a decoupling mechanism and our margins are less affected by weather. Looking at Wisconsin, our largest segment, year-to-date retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation, decreased 3.9% compared to the same period in 2015 due to warmer weather. On a weather-normalized basis, year-to-date retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation were up 2.8%. Overall, our normalized results for gas and electric sales in 2016 were slightly above our expectations. Turning now to our earnings forecast. We are reaffirming our 2016 earnings guidance of $2.88 per share to $2.94 per share. This projection assumes normal weather and excludes any potential acquisition-related cost that may arise. We are off to a strong start. We still have six months of weather ahead of us. Again, we are reaffirming our 2016 earnings guidance of $2.88 per share to $2.94 per share. Finally, let's look at the third quarter guidance. As I mentioned last quarter, natural gas distribution is now a larger portion of our business thus we expect to see relatively higher earnings per share in the first quarter and fourth quarter due to higher – to gas heating margins, and relatively lower earnings per share in the second quarter and third quarter when compared to past years. Taking into account this new quarterly earnings pattern and warmer than normal July weather, we expect our third quarter 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.59. That assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter and excludes any potential acquisition-related cost that may arise. Again, the third quarter earnings guidance is $0.55 per share to $0.59 per share. With that, I'll turn things back to Allen.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Scott. Operator, we are now ready for the question-and-answer portion of our call.
Operator: Thank you. And now we'd like to take your questions. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I apologize, I hopped on just a minute or two late. You guys, I was told, did increase your capital expenditure budget in the back half of the five-year plan. Can you go back and talk about how much of rate base growth was reduced by the impact of bonus depreciation? How much of that you had offset already prior to this update? And then how much incrementally you've found in customer-friendly projects that further mitigate that impact?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd be happy to, Greg. I think some review is good. And so the bonus depreciation extension, which was really a reach-back to 2015 as well as an extension out to, I guess, 2019, we think results in about $1 billion worth of cash tax benefits. So back on the February and the May calls we gave an update to everybody on where we stood versus offsetting that $1 billion. So as we got to the end of the May call, we had identified $500 million and those were primarily this year and next. So about $500 million between 2016 and 2017. And so now what we've identified is another $100 million in addition to that $500 million. So the $100 million is in the years 2019 and 2020. It's about $50 million a year, Greg. And what this relates to is really the continuation of a four-year program that they've had at Wisconsin Public Service. The first phase involved distribution automation as well as undergrounding of electric distribution. The second phase will be strictly devoted, we expect to the undergrounding of electric distribution. So about $50 million in 2019, $50 million in 2020, and we also believe out in 2021 and 2022, there is yet another $50 million a year to do in those two years. And this program, it's been very, very popular with customers and it was interesting, this summer, we've had quite a bit of storm activity in the Wisconsin Public Service territory, and for those that had their service, had these distribution lines undergrounded, they saw a much less in terms of outage times. So it's been a very popular program. I hope that helps, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: No, that helps tremendously. And is this a continuous review process, and as we get into the next quarter and we get to EEI that you're continuing to try to observe where you could put more capital to work that has further benefits for customers or is this the end of that review?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it's really more of the former, Greg. So we'll keep reviewing the numbers, reviewing the programs, but what we're trying to do is take a very deliberate approach, because I think the terminology that you used earlier is important. Each of these have to be customer-friendly projects. So there has to be a reliability benefit, a cost benefit, a safety benefit, or environmental performance. It's really got to be something that's beneficial to our business and beneficial to our customers. So often that takes a little time to identify those kinds of projects.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Great. To what extent could changes in the potential mix of your generation fleet, as you look to de-carbonize, have an impact on that plan towards the backend, or would that potentially roll into the next decade, so that as you look at your coal fleet, and you start to think about how you are going to balance your carbon emissions.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. And I think certainly with Clean Power Plan, and this is, I'm speculating. I don't know exactly when the first year of compliance would be with Clean Power Plan, but it's likely not to be until 2024 or after. So I would not expect, Greg. Certainly if you look into the capital forecast going out to 2020, which is what we have on the table today, I don't really see any benefit at all, at least in this forecast period, meaning from this year to 2020, from the impacts of Clean Power Plan. But hypothetically if you had a 2024 compliance date, ultimately with Clean Power Plan, perhaps you could see some impacts out in that 2021, 2022, 2023 time period.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Two more quick questions. $0.55 to $0.59 assumes normal weather you said for the balance of the quarter, so I would presume it factors in what's happened to-date in terms of demand.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. And Scott, you may want to talk a little bit about July and what we've seen in July in terms of weather.
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Yes. So it does include the month of July weather. Now, what we saw in July was it started out actually cooler than normal the first couple days and it didn't catch up to about normal degree day until about the July 17. So we really just had some warm weather the last week, week-and-a-half of July here. So we factored that in. Maybe it's $0.015 to $0.02, but that's factored into our guidance.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So we should watch the weather for the balance of the quarter and think about that accordingly if it's above or below normal, because you're assuming normal?
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Final question. In the normal cadence of your discussions with the Wisconsin Commission, at what point do you go into them and discuss whether or not you'd like to defer having a rate review again as you did this year?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Well, my expectation would be, if we follow past practice on timing, typically if you're going to do a filing, so let's say, for example, if we're going to do a filing in 2017 for rates that we request to be in effect in 2018, typically in the March-April timeframe you really need to make that filing. So if we follow past practice with timing, my expectation would be that soon after the New Year, January, February, you'd need to have some conversations with the staff about where we would propose to head. So that's how I would see the timing.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. So a ways off. Thank you, guys.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, Good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Two quick things. I heard your comments on the pension discount rate and I think you said you're working on building that into the plan, if you do see the $35 million increase in 2017. So should we take the comment of building it into the plant to mean you'd expect to absorb that within the stated growth rate?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. And I would say, maybe, to give you some additional color. The $35 million, part of that, to the extent that you capitalize labor expense and there is a certain amount of labor that gets capitalized when people do work on capital projects, now there'll be some amount of this $35 million that would effectively get capitalized as a part of that. My guess would be, right now, perhaps that $6 million or $7 million out of the $35 million, so not all of it would hit the income statement. But, yes, we'll have to and we expect to offset this as a part of our plan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then just on transmission return and how you've reserved, you mentioned the ALJ being 9.7% plus 50 basis point adder. Is that the number you've actually reserved to? And is that what you're looking on a go-forward basis or are those numbers different from what the ALJ?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, let me go through it in three pieces, because of course there are two investigations, if you will. So, there is the first period that goes from, I think, November 2013, help me Scott...
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. February 2015.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. And then we've got...
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: February to May 2016.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...2016. So in that first period, Jonathan, we're reserving I believe effectively the recommendation from the ALJ including the 50 basis points was 10.82%. So we're reserving at that level for that first period. For the second period, we're reserving at 10.2%, and then it's sort of an educated guess, but my view right now would be the that 10.2% is a pretty good assumption going forward and 10.2% is what we will assume when we build up our plan, when we finish our plan for 2017. I'm sorry, that's kind of a long answer, but there are all these players for these investigations.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No, that was very helpful. Thank you for the clarity on that. It's sometimes hard to keep track of. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay?
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, that's all. Good, thanks a lot.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. Just on the Illinois process, for the gas spending, just could you give a little more color on what is going to be kind of addressed in that process, just basically, let's finalize your new long-term investment plan?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and maybe let me sort of give this, maybe in parts. And let me first maybe just give a little more color about that staff report, Steve, that that was issued at the end of May. So really what that report did, effectively the staff did not make any recommendations about the program effectively. What they did is, that the staff summarized all of kind of the key input from the stakeholders in that workshop process that they had earlier this year. Then what the staff just essentially said is, well, we believe you should have a docket to address the program. And we think you should have reporting mechanisms about the program in the interim before you make a decision and in the long-term once the decision is made. So really it's just kind of summary of what all the stakeholders said, and then in terms of what the commission would decide, at a high level what they said they want to do was cover the cost, scope and schedule for the near-term and the long-term. So, they still seemed to be of a very strong view that the program needs to continue. They just want to look again at the scope and the schedule, and in the interim, they fully understand that we're going to continue with that three-year program that I alluded to before, hopefully that's helpful, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Yeah. No, that's helpful. Just one other question on the pension, thank you for disclosing that information. I assume we're going to start hearing a lot more from other people. The normal course I assume that's a recoverable expense in rate cases?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, FAS 87 expense would generally be recoverable in your revenue requirements.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And so, but just in 2017, to a degree you don't have a rate case you'd have to manage the cost?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Exactly right, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi there, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey.
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: So perhaps a easy question here, just the dollar-for-dollar comment on the Presque Isle. Can you elaborate a little bit on what the assets there are?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And I guess what I was really alluding to in the primary one or one of the ones is really escrow accounting, because sort of like when we talk about ROE investigations, these SSR agreements they were actually multiple agreements and they covered multiple periods. I think they go back as far as February of 2014.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Correct.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And there were actually two agreements over that period and some of these periods, Julien, were covered by escrow accounting, so you were actually required by the regulators in Wisconsin to escrow both revenues as well as costs, so both revenues you received under the contract as well as the costs that might be allocated back to our utility through MISO. So what I was really referring to primarily is that those escrow mechanisms that might cover one or both of the periods.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And just to be clear, I know this is Feb 14 through Jan 15, but would this have an ongoing impact just to 2016, 2017?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Because, the second SSR agreement, I believe ended in either February or April of 2015.
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: February of 2015.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: February of 2015, so this is all going back, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks for that. Little bit more strategic here. I know last time on the call we kind of discussed storage little bit. Can you elaborate where you stand on that and also in the interim we've seen some of your large-cap peers move more explicitly into the midstream sector, what are your thoughts owning storage in midstream more broadly?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. And I think, well, first off on the storage, we are having conversations with two parties who are owners of storage and we'll see what we can work out with one of those, but we are having active conversations with two parties so let me just sort of put a line under that. And then looking forward, I guess our view would be on midstream, at least our view is that we would only be interested in these other natural gas assets and I'll just call them, I don't know whether to call them midstream or what to call them, Julien, but it's certainly upstream of the local gas distribution companies. Our only interest at this point would be in gas storage and it would be gas storage that we could in effect directly integrate with our local distribution company and place in rate base. So at this point, that's as far upstream as we're thinking, it's something that would be very much of another regulated asset play.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. All right, great. Well, thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Brian.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just curious, what was the second quarter 2016 EPS impact versus normal?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In terms of weather impact.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Scott, do you want to cover that?
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. The weather impact compared to normal, was about I think – all right, let me just pull our numbers up here. I think it was really only about $0.01.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. So, then I guess, the delta between what you actually reported and what you had guided to last quarter, is attributable to cost controls and the tech acquisition that's exceeding our expectations?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Initially as you recall on the first in April, it actually was a negative when we had the conference call, so we had earnings we thought were actually going to be down a little bit because of our April weather, and then as we covered then in the last part of the quarter here, so that helped us, so we had projected in our guidance a decline because of weather and then it turned round a little bit in the last part of the quarter here. And plus, we do have pretty good cost control and we saw some of our NIM decline a little bit.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got you. Okay. And then, in prior discussions you've mentioned that the people with gas pipeline replacement program has kind of physically maxed out on an annual basis, meaning just manpower or the amount of the street close at one time, et cetera. Can you comment on any of your other subsidiaries that have upside or headroom in some of their programs that can maybe fill in some of that CapEx that you're contemplating?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and then maybe just to give a little bit, if you look at, we talked about gas storage and that's certainly if we made that kind of investment, we would see that being rate base for the two or really three Wisconsin local distribution companies. Outside of Wisconsin we would see quite a bit of opportunity in, let's say, at Minnesota, at Merck, Michigan, at MGU, those companies don't have automated meter. So, we could certainly – that would be a very cost effective investment that we can make at those two companies. Anything you'd add Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, and remember what we added was really in 2015 and 2016 so maybe some of those programs that we already have, some of that can continue into 2017 through 2018 and 2019 timeframe, but we're still evaluating those, what we have in that 2016, 2017 range.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. And are you in a position to quantify maybe the gas reserve opportunity or the automated meters?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The automated meters, they're probably on the range of $30 million to $40 million I would say, at each of the companies. The gas storage, that's completely dependent, Brian on how many Bcf you could buy at what price. So, I'd hesitate to put a number yet on the gas storage, but as I mentioned we are having discussions.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, Allen. Couple of easy questions for you. First, how do you – you've got $35 million roughly, maybe a little less because of the capitalization of pension O&M headwind. You have the headwind tied to 50 basis point, 60 basis point lower ROE at ATC. Is your O&M, and you don't have rate increases coming at the Wisconsin utilities. Are your O&M cost savings enough to offset all of those things?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I believe so, but I would say at the Wisconsin utilities you're probably looking at having to have absolute declines in the O&M run rate. So, Scott, anything you'd like to add?
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. No, that's exactly the case. We'll have to continue at our cost control and manage every dollar like we have in the past. We'll also look at what we do on our financing cost, and we've put in there, maybe there is some investments we need to do in the pension plan also. So, we're evaluating a lot of different items items.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But at this point, Michael, I would say that we still would have enough degrees of freedom that – so we could move to help offset this.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And O&M sequentially, meaning quarter-over-quarter, because the year-over-year is just complex given the merger close. Quarter-over-quarter was down $5 million, $6 million. Is that kind of a decent run rate to think about the amount of O&M reduction you can take out in a certain period?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, there's a lot of variables between the first quarter and second quarter. For example, the riders we have in Illinois, the riders from Illinois, it's about $10 million more expense in the first quarter than in the second quarter. So, there's some timing of those type of non-controllable O&M that I would not say that's a constant run rate that's going to come out quarter-over-quarter.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. That's very helpful. I have a question about 2016 guidance. If I take the midpoint of your guidance, so let's say $2.91. And then I take the midpoint of your third quarter guidance, so $0.57. And then I take what you've actually done year-to-date, so $0.57 in this period and $1.09 in the first period. That implies $0.68 for the fourth quarter, I mean, it's just subtraction. You did $0.66 last year in the fourth quarter, but last year, correct me if I'm wrong, you didn't have that much time or the benefit of the O&M savings, and you also had a little bit of an abnormally warm winter in the fourth quarter of last year, and you've become much more of a gas utility. Can you talk to me about what headwinds you may be facing in the fourth quarter of this year? Just because you're really implying really low growth year-over-year fourth quarter 2015 to fourth quarter 2016.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Michael, I'm going to let Scott sort of fill in more of the number detail. But I think basically right now, we're being conservative about weather in the fourth quarter, and Scott talked about we've got much more of our earnings better in the first quarter and the fourth quarter because of the natural gas companies. Obviously, those are weather sensitive. So we're being conservative about weather. And as you pointed out, even on the base that we had before without the Integrys companies, you could have some big swings based on weather. You want to fill in a little bit of detail on that, Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, sure. When you look at the weather, specifically in the fourth quarter, and look at scenario now with the larger gas footprint, there is with a warmer fourth quarter potential of $0.08 to $0.09 hit in the fourth quarter related to weather. So we're just being very – making sure we can measure and manage into that fourth quarter.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But I want to make sure I understand that. Are you implying that your base plan and your base cost guidance assumes abnormal weather?
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, the guidance assumes normal weather, but I'm committed to meeting that range regardless of what happens with weather in the fourth quarter, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I'll follow-up offline. Thank you guys. Much appreciate it.
Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, that concludes our conference call. Thank you for participating. If you have any more questions, contact Beth Straka or Colleen Henderson. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call for First Quarter 2016 Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I remind you that all statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in WEC Energy Group's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, WEC has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wecenergygroup.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Charlene. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the first quarter of the year. But before I do that, I want to introduce the members of our team who are here with me today. I'm pleased to welcome Scott Lauber as our new Chief Financial Officer. Many of you know Scott from his previous role as our Treasurer, but before that he had a number of other roles in our accounting and finance organization. Now Scott is taking over from Pat Keyes. Pat is now responsible for our operations in Michigan and Minnesota, as well as supply chain, information technology and strategy for WEC Energy Group as a whole. I also welcome Jim Schubilske as our new Treasurer. Like Scott, Jim has held numerous positions in our accounting and finance organization and he was most recently responsible for our State Regulatory area. Susan Martin, our General Counsel; Bill Guc, our Controller; and Beth Straka, who is Senior Vice President, leads our Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Groups are also here with me. So with that, let me now turn to our first quarter 2016 results. WEC Energy Group was formed in conjunction with the closing of our acquisition of Integrys in June of last year. Until now, we have focused our discussion on Legacy Wisconsin Energy standalone results. Starting today, our focus shifts to the entire company's results. We reported first quarter earnings of $1.09 a share that compares with adjusted earnings of $0.90 a share in the first quarter of 2015. Scott will be reviewing the most significant drivers for the quarter with you in a moment. Now taking a look at the state of the economy for our largest segment, Wisconsin's unemployment rate stands at 4.5%, which is well below the national average. The state's labor force participation rate also rose to 68.7%, which is more than 5 points above the national rate. Also worthy of note, Wisconsin led the nation in adding manufacturing jobs in March. Electricity used by our large commercial and industrial customers moderated a bit. Our electric utility's large customers, excluding the iron ore mines consumed approximately 0.8% less electricity in the first quarter compared to 2015. However, we continue to see improvement in several important sectors of the state's economy including plastics, food processing and paper production. In addition, we are continuing to see customer growth across our system. At the end of March, our Wisconsin utilities were serving approximately 8,000 more electric customers, and nearly 11,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Our natural gas utilities in Illinois, Michigan and Minnesota added nearly 16,000 customers in the past year. This increase includes the acquisition of approximately 10,000 natural gas customers in Minnesota from Alliant Energy in April of 2015. We are achieving the results we expected from the Integrys acquisition. Our focus on cost controls and the tangible benefits from the acquisition have allowed us to freeze base rates for customers of We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service through 2017. Subject to Public Service Commission of Wisconsin action, which is not expected, we will not file 2017 test year base rate cases this year for our Wisconsin utilities. As we have discussed on previous calls, our long-term goal is to grow earnings per share at a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 7% of a base of $2.72 per share in 2015. Here of course to delivering this growth is executing our capital investment plan and addressing the impact of bonus tax depreciation. I want to give you a brief update on where we stand with our capital plan. Last December, Congress passed a tax bill that extends and modifies bonus depreciation for property placed in service from 2015 to 2019. At this point, we estimate that we will receive approximately $1 billion in cash tax benefits from the bonus depreciation extension, about two-thirds of this benefit will occur this year and in 2017. Although, we do not expect bonus depreciation to have any significant impact on earnings in 2016, we are taking steps to modify our capital plan to minimize any impacts in 2017 and following years. We have advanced a number of beneficial projects into 2016 and 2017. The estimated investment associated with these projects is $500 million, which includes the $100 million that we previously identified in the February call. As a result, we now forecast our 2016 and 2017 capital budgets at $1.55 billion and $1.9 billion respectively. I expect that we will continue to identify projects that can be advanced into our current five-year forecast. We plan to provide a complete update to our five-year capital forecast no later than the November EEI Financial Conference. Turning now to our operations in Illinois, we're moving forward on the Accelerated Main Replacement Program or AMRP at Peoples Gas, one of the largest natural gas infrastructure projects in the country. The program calls for replacement of approximately 2,000 miles of Chicago's aging natural gas infrastructure. Over the past nine months, we've improved management and execution of the project, which is approximately 18% complete. We filed a plan with the Illinois Commerce Commission or ICC late last year that describes our top priorities for the next three years. The plan's key components include removal and replacement of more than 250 miles of aging cast-iron pipes in the neighborhoods most at risk, projected investment of $250 million to $280 million a year, and regular updates to the ICC and other stakeholders to keep them informed of our progress. While the engineering, fieldwork, and cost recovery of AMRP continued, the ICC held six workshops to assess our plan. These recently concluded workshops brought together key stakeholders to review the planned scope, schedule and long-term cost with a focus on safety and reliability. We expect that the ICC staff will issue its report late in May and that the ICC will reach its conclusions by the end of the year. However, in the interim, the AMRP work will continue. Next, a brief reminder on our dividend. On January 21, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.495 a share, an increase of 8.2% over the previous quarterly dividend. Our annual dividend rate stands at $1.98 a share and our yield is now at approximately the industry average. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings, and we expect our dividend growth to be in line with our earnings per share growth. Before I ask Scott to review the details of our first quarter earnings, I want to cover one last item. I met with quite a number of investors and analysts, and including many of you over the last few months after our management transition was announced. Quite often I've been asked, Allen what will be different when you are a CEO. Now it's really easier for me to tell all of you what will be the same. Our company will continue to focus on the fundamentals, safety, customer satisfaction, reliability and financial discipline. I believe this focus has served us well since I joined the company in 2003, and will continue to do so. So, now for more details on our first quarter results, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Lauber.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Allen. Our 2016 first quarter GAAP earnings were $1.09 a share compared with $0.86 a share in the first quarter of 2015. First quarter results in 2016 included the positive impact of the Integrys acquisition. Excluding $0.04 of acquisition cost in 2015, our adjusted earnings per share increased by $0.19 a share from $0.90 in the first quarter of 2015 to $1.09 a share in the first quarter of 2016. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes the results of the Integrys companies and has a full GAAP to adjusted reconciliation. First, I'll focus on operating income by segment and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the first quarter was $589.3 million as compared to an adjusted $367.6 million in 2015, an increase of $221.7 million. Starting with Wisconsin, operating income in the first quarter totaled $327.5 million for 2016, an increase of $50 million from the adjusted first quarter of 2015. On the favorable side, we realized $76.9 million contribution from Wisconsin Public Service. This was offset by lower operating income from Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas related to the mild winter temperatures. We estimate that electric and gas margins of these two utilities decreased by $29 million because of the warmer weather. In the first quarter of 2016, our Illinois segment added $137 million of operating income and our other state segment added $31.8 million of operating income. We did not have operations in these segments until our acquisition of Integrys. Operating income in the We Power segment was up $800,000 when compared to 2015. This increase reflects additional investments at our Power the Future plants. Our Corporate and other segment showed an operating loss of $300,000 this quarter as compared to an adjusted operating loss of $2.4 million in the first quarter of 2015. Taking the changes for these segments together, we arrive at the $221.7 million increase in operating income on an adjusted basis. During the first quarter of 2016, earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $38.5 million, an increase of $22.4 million from the same period last year. This increase is directly related to the increase on our ownership interest from about 26% to just over 60% as a result of the acquisition of Integrys. Our other net increased $29.7 million, largely due to repurchase of $155 million of Integrys' 6.11% Junior Subordinated Notes at a discount in February 2016, as well as higher AFUDC due to the inclusion of the AFUDC from the Integrys companies. Our net interest expense increased $41.5 million, driven by $34.8 million of interest expense from Integrys companies in 2016. In addition, we incurred about $8 million of interest expense related to the $1.5 billion of debt issued in June 2015 to complete the Integrys acquisition. Earnings from the Integrys company drove an increase in our consolidated income tax expense of $90.2 million. There were no significant changes in our effective income tax rate. We expect our annual effective tax rate for 2016 to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. Combining all of these items brings us to $346.2 million of net income for the first quarter of 2016 or earnings of $1.09 per share. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $365.9 million in the first quarter of 2016. This increase was driven by $307.8 million of net cash flow from operating activities of Integrys during the first quarter of 2016. The remaining difference was driven by a decrease in contributions to employee benefit plans partially offset by changes in working capital. You may recall that we contributed a $100 million to our qualified pension trust in 2015, and we did not make a contribution in 2016. Our capital expenditures totaled $312 million in the first quarter, a $158.8 million increase compared to 2015. The largest increase was related to the Integrys companies. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 50.4% at the end of March. Our calculation treats half of the hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plans, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We also paid $156.2 million in common dividends in the first quarter of 2016, an increase of $60.9 billion over the first quarter last year. This is driven by the increase in shares with the Integrys acquisition, and a 17.2% increase in the dividend rate compared to the first quarter in 2015. For comparative purposes, the electric sales information I'll discuss next reflects for both Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service in the first quarter. Weather-normalized sales are adjusted for the effects of weather and factoring out the effect of leap year. On a weather-normalized basis, retail sales of electricity, excluding the iron ore mines, were down slightly by 0.2% compared to the first quarter of 2015. Actual first quarter deliveries fell by 1.6%. Now looking at the individual customer segments. Weather-normalized residential deliveries dropped 0.3% while actual residential deliveries fell 4.2%. Across our small and commercial industrial group, weather-normalized quarterly deliveries increased 1.5%, actual deliveries decreased 0.2%. In the large commercial and industrial segment, deliveries for the first quarter of 2016 decreased 0.9%. Excluding the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial deliveries decreased 0.8%. Now an update on our natural gas deliveries. As you recall, our Illinois segment has a decoupling mechanism and our margins are less affected by weather. Looking at Wisconsin, our largest segment, first quarter weather-normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation, decreased 1% compared to the same period in 2015. Actual gas deliveries, again excluding gas for power generation, were down 10.7% compared to gas sales in last year's first quarter due to warmer weather. On a weather-normalized basis, our overall results for gas and electric sales in the first quarter were slightly below our expectations. Turning now to our earnings forecasts. We are reaffirming our 2016 earnings guidance of $2.88 a share to $2.94 a share, which represents 6% to 8% growth. This projection assumes normal weather and excludes any potential remaining acquisition-related cost. We are off to a strong start, but still have nine months of weather ahead of us. Again, we are reaffirming our 2016 earnings guidance of $2.88 a share to $2.94 a share. Finally, let's look at the outlook for quarterly earnings for the remainder of the year. If we take a step back, we see new a quarterly pattern to earnings per share. The Integrys acquisition brings a larger gas component to the combined company. This means we expect to see relatively higher earnings per share in the first and fourth quarter due to gas heating margins and relatively lower earnings per share in the second and third quarter when compared to past years. This brings us to our second quarter earnings per share guidance. Taking into account this new quarterly earnings pattern and April being a little cooler than last year, we expect our second quarter 2016 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.51 to $0.55. That assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter and excludes any remaining acquisition-related cost. Again, the second quarter earnings guidance is $0.51 to $0.55 per share. With that, I will turn things back to Allen.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Scott. I think, overall, we're solidly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. Congratulations, Allen.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: So thanks for the update on the CapEx. I'm looking at slide 14 from your April business update.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: And so you've taken your CapEx for 2016 to $1.55 billion versus $1.499 billion and you've taken your 2017 CapEx to $1.9 billion from $1.553 billion. Can you just review again what capital projects you've brought forward and if we should assume that that capital comes out of the 2018 to 2020 budget? Or are you also reevaluating customer beneficial projects that you could put in, move forward such that those would stay relatively level?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Greg, so, if I could, let me answer your second question, and then Scott, I'm going to ask you maybe to give Greg a little bit of color about the types of projects that we're advancing. So, Greg, on your second question, you should not assume that the increases that we're making in the 2016 and 2017 spending would result in a corresponding decrease in the later years, because we're also revaluating those later years. So, Scott, if you could, maybe just give Greg a little more background about some of the things that we're advancing.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Just to give you a few examples, over these last couple of months, we looked across the enterprise. And for example, we are looking and we are going to implement a neat – updating our ERP system, the general ledger, consolidations, so that part of the general ledger and that could be up to $100 million. Another example is, we looked at Wisconsin, the gas and electric distribution system, and we're increasing that about $150 million on value-added customer projects. And then, another area when we look at, in Illinois, we have a large gas storage facility, underground storage in Illinois, and we're going to spend about $35 million over the next couple of years, looking at safety reliability within that storage field. So, basically across the enterprise found some good projects to bring up and move forward into this period.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Great. And because of the impact of bonus depreciation, that doesn't really have a net – it's a net-neutral impact on what the customer would otherwise see in terms of bill impacts, correct?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: The capital costs?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Fantastic. And can you give us what a comparable pro forma theoretical quarterly earnings number would have been last year in the second quarter had you owned Integrys, so we could compare the $0.51 to $0.55 to that?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We looked at this at a very, very high level trying to take out all the acquisition adjustments and adjusting really just for the shares outstanding. It was about $0.53 – $0.52, $0.53.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. So it's going to be a little bit difficult for us as we roll through the year to get our minds around the new base of earnings. But would it be fair to say that as you stand today, if you were to assume normal weather and you were spot on your load growth forecast for the year that you are at the high end, low end, above, below your current guidance range for the year?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say at this point, I mean, if you take it sort of – if you look at what happened with the hybrids in the first quarter, that was in our annual plan. It was just uncertain as to when in the year it would occur. So that certainly would not represent a pickup versus the financial plan. I think another significant driver, Scott, was related to fuel recoveries in Wisconsin where we had positive fuel recoveries in the first quarter. But our assumption for the year, Greg, would be that we would just be fully recovered. So I think given those two things, I would say that we're sort of more at the middle of our range. And as I look at it, we're sort of neutral against our financial plan. If you adjust for the items in the first quarter that I either expect would reverse in the case of the fuel recoveries or I had already included in the annual plan, it was just an uncertainty about the timing.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Fantastic. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Allen. Congrats again. So just on the rate case delay, can you give us a sense of whether kind of staff is supportive of that, if other parties have had a view, and when will we know when the commission is kind of okay with it?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it in terms of the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin staff, they're okay with it, and they've indicated that to us in writing that they're in agreement with it. So, at this point, Steve, the commission itself, they don't have to take any action at all for there not to be a rate case. So, my expectation at this point, as I was saying in the prepared remarks, my expectation would be, we wouldn't file a case for base rates in 2017 – for 2017. However, I would expect, Steve, that in August, we would do a fuel filing for 2017 rates, and say more likely than not we might see a slight reduction in the fuel rate, but we'll have to look at our numbers when we file in August.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. I thought you said in your prepared remarks not file 2017 subject to PSC approval.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I didn't say subject to approval. I said subject to any PSC action. And so, just to be clear, they don't have to take any affirmative action here. So, if they do nothing, which would be my expectation, they wouldn't take an action, we wouldn't have a rate case.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And I assume what you are doing is utilizing merger synergies to help mitigate what would have been the rate needs.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. So, when we went through the process with the merger approval, we talked about the ability to get what we felt would be reasonably significant cost savings and we're seeing those materialize. And so that allows us to freeze base rates, which we think is a benefit to customers.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, guys. Could I just ask you to give us a little bit of a bridge between the $130-odd-million that Integrys booked in the first quarter of last year and the $160-odd-million that you have this quarter? Just what were the moving pieces?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, Scott, I think I'll let you, maybe based on the earnings package just give Jonathan a little bit of background. But I will say this, Jonathan, if you look across the Integrys companies, I think we really have these companies on track to all earn their allowed rates of return. So that's part of the difference that you saw as compared to the first quarter of 2015.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Scott, do you want to fill in a little bit on that?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, also when we look at it, we had a full-year rate case at PGL. So, at our Illinois utility, there was a rate case that was effective I think in February of last year. So, we had a full rate earnings in there. We also had a rate case at Wisconsin Public Service, so that was also an increase. And remember, there's two pieces to the Wisconsin Public Service there was an overall it looked flat, but one of that was a fuel, but there was a base rate increase, so that came through. Once again, Allen talked about the fuel – the positive recovery in fuel and some of that was in the Wisconsin Public Service area too compared to prior year. We also had rate cases that were implemented at our smaller gas utilities in Michigan and Minnesota, both of those had rate increases this last year. So, basically getting the rate increases in, getting the cost control in, and getting on a path to get to the full return at all the utilities.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great, thank you. And then just on – I think that when you gave the second quarter guidance, I think I heard you right, you said that April had been a little cooler than normal in the context of the new gas year business mix. So is that a help or a hurt versus normal?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's a great question. April is a transition month and so, in April, we're not really getting a lot of gas sales. It does help the gas a little bit. But on the electric side, April is a month when you get that commercial industrial buildings that actually uses some air conditioning. So, having a mile month here, we really don't – we see that little more of a down on our earnings more from the electric side not picking in yet than the gas side picking up the offset.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I mean, you called it out, but I'm guessing it's not that significant given it's April.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. No, it's $2 million to $3 million, maybe.
Jonathan Philip Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Hey, Allen. Couple of things. First of all, on a cents-per-share basis, the increase in other income related to the early pay-down at a discount of some of the Integrys debt, that's worth, what, roughly $0.05 to $0.06 in EPS?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me maybe talk about it in two pieces, Michael. Of course, we bought the securities I think at approximately 83% of par, so that resulted in a $0.04 per share impact in the first quarter. And they were repurchased, say, mid February, so there was a tiny bit of interest savings, Michael, in the first quarter, but very little, probably less than a tenth of a cent, but if you look forward to the rest of the year, we would expect to see another $0.01 per share benefit because of the – of the reduction in interest expense. So about $0.04 in the first quarter from the being below par, and then $0.01 in the remainder of the year for interest. And Scott, anything to add to that?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, that's it. That's right on.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And can you talk about if you were to look at just the Integrys O&M in first quarter of 2015, and WEC – Legacy WEC O&M in that same period, and then combined, what was the O&M decline rate or O&M savings that you've realized so far year-to-date in 2016? And what do you – what's embedded in guidance?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, as we look at that in the O&M, and remember when you look at the O&M line, there's a lot more than just the O&M that's in the – what I would say, into the operations, there is O&M as it relates to regulatory amortizations, O&M that's related to the different riders. So, overall when we look at the O&M, we did have the savings that we had forecasted in with our – with the acquisition. When you look at – break back the different pieces, I would say on Wisconsin Electric, the O&M was up just a tad as it relates to a couple of storms we had in the area, and we accelerate a little bit of our forestry program because of the mild temperatures. We haven't specifically said what our O&M guidance is in the acquisition savings but overall when you look at it, it's probably O&M when you factored all the different stuff about 2% to 3% less than if you look at the combined adding up the simple O&M from the prior companies...
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And do you think you are in the early innings of realizing O&M savings or do you think you're at a pretty good run rate, meaning, do you still think, you have significant opportunity to takeout significantly more cost around the consolidated system from here?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess, you used the baseball analogy. So, I'd say we are probably in the third inning, and I think there is a fair amount of additional work that we can do.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you Allen, much appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hi. How you doing?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm good. How are you?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: All right. Just on the rate freeze letter that came out last week, what – how was that triggered? I mean, was that just basically – was this related to the merger or what sort of triggered the – I guess, it seemed like maybe the staff, it wasn't clear to me the letter, what actually was causing the review by the staff?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, typically the cycle in Wisconsin every two years, of course you do a case for the next – for the next year, and then known and significant (33:24) for the year after that. So this was our year typically to bring the companies in, and we've had – we had discussions with the staff. And we said look, we believe because of the benefits we're seeing from the merger that we're just going to freeze rates. And if we have increased cost in other areas, we're going to offset that with the benefits of the merge and we're just going to freeze base rates. So the – basically the avenue for the discussions was this very regular cycle to file rate cases. And so, we work through that avenue and talk with the staff and it's something that they were agreeable. And it's kind of interesting, Paul, as a part of when we're doing the merger proceedings, many people talked about as a proposal doing a rate freeze. So, now we're actually seeing the base rate freeze for 2017 in Wisconsin.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then there was, as I recall, some sort of accounting treatment that was part of it. Could you elaborate a little bit more this?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, and let me sort of start and then I'll let Scott or Jim fill in any detail. So I think what you're referring to Paul is, at Wisconsin Public Service related to the ReACT project, and when Wisconsin Public Service went through their last rate case, so this was the rate case that was decided late last – late 2015 or 2016 rates. So they included in rates I believe at a $275 million level, the cost of the ReACT project. And so, we expect that the final cost of that project will be in a range of $335 million to $345 million. So, essentially what they would allow us to do with this accounting order is to differ in effect the impacts of the return off and on for that additional investment above $275 million. So, Scott..
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. That's correct. There's – I think as a total, there is three of them. The ReACT is the main one. The other two were some deferrals that specifically in the order they ended in December of 2016 and we said well, if we're going to be out for a year we just need the same accounting treatment in 2016 and in 2017, just to extend them into 2017.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then, just finally – I'm sorry you were talking kind of quickly on the weather-adjusted sales. Did that include leap year? That wasn't clear to me. Or I mean, was it adjusted for leap year or...?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Was leap year sort of left in there?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We factored out leap year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So we adjusted as if – we adjusted it down as if leap year did not happen.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: So February 29 was out.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's factored out. Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And that was minus 0.2% for retail sales in general, right?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Good. Thank you very much. I wanted to follow up a little bit on some of the first questions on the CapEx, perhaps just to kick it off. Can you elaborate a little bit on the next leg of the evaluation you kind of described by the EEI timeframe this fall you'll have the next round. What are the next layers of evaluation that you're looking at? Is there any kind of sense as to what genre of projects or at least magnitude of capital you could potentially be looking at in maybe these baseball analogies? How deep in terms of innings are you in terms of finding those acceleration opportunities?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. Well, you know as I mentioned earlier, about two-thirds of the impact is the bonus depreciation. So about two-thirds of the $1 billion is in 2016 and 2017. So, other than the second order effects associated with getting bonus depreciation on this additional property, I guess, we've identified $500 million of roughly $670 million. So I guess that's pretty late innings in terms of identifying offsets in 2016 and 2017. So I would say that Julien that the majority of our focus as we work through the rest of the year, up to when we have the November Finance Conference, the majority of our focus is going to be in the later years. And, Scott, I don't know if there is any other detail.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So, exactly the majority will be in the later years. We also are working on making sure we have all the resources and efficiently for 2017 spending, get everything lined up to put due to spending in. So, we will be working on those later years this summer.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And I think one thing Julien that maybe to give you a sense for how broadly we are looking, let's just take, for example, and this is not included in any of 2016 or 2017 numbers that we talked about, but one of the things we talked about a lot, although in Illinois and in Michigan, our gas utilities there actually own some gas storage, in Wisconsin, our gas utilities to my knowledge have never owned gas storage. They've always leased it. And, we think that it would make more sense to have a mix of owned storage as well as the leased storage. So I think that would be a nice opportunity – investment opportunity for the company. But we think it would also be beneficial for customers. So, we're trying to think broadly about what those capital opportunities might be, Julien. I hope that helps.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely. And does that also add into the decision to push out the rate case timing, recovery of the accelerated spend in 2016 and 2017 with the slightly delayed rate case. Is that kind of aligned with the thinking as well?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it certainly contributes, but I think far and away the reason why we can freeze rates is because of the cost savings that we're seeing from the combination of the companies. But, you're right, I mean the accelerated depreciation impact acts as a bit of an uplift if you will also.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Right. Great. And actually just turning back to what you just alluded to there, how much in terms of lease expense or just if you can give us a sense of how much of that PPA needs potentially acquired via any Wisconsin Gas storage opportunities? I know it's early days there, but I figured I'd ask.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Julien, in all candor, it's just a little early for me to throw those numbers out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: No worries at all. We can leave it there.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. As we know more, I mean, that's certainly something we can chat about either on the call or a future call or at EEI.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jim.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hey, Allen. How are you?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am good. How about you?
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Pretty good. Switching topics, could we just talk about the transmission opportunities out there, specifically as it relates to Alaska? Are there any updates that we need to be aware of?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, Jim. There really aren't any updates at this point beyond what we talked about on our call, I guess, back in February. So nothing new there in terms of updates. Scott, anything you have to add on that?
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not aware of anything.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. Nothing.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I guess, the question is, is transmission opportunities in the state of Alaska a function of the price of oil and the Alaska fiscal health?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, in terms of the briefing that I received from Mike Rowe who is the CEO out at ATC, what he has told me is, basically if you look at the local economy, integrating the operations of the utilities is a benefit regardless of what the price of oil is, regardless of how low or how high. There is a benefit of integrating those utilities because they're certainly not integrated at all at the level that you would see in the continental United States. So there are big benefits with that regardless of the price of oil. And sort of, I guess, ironically, the low oil prices actually mean that the companies in Alaska might actually look a little more to ATC to provide the capital for the transmission projects. So I would say, worst case, the oil prices are sort of a neutral and although it sounds a little strange, the lower prices might actually mean that marginally ATC might be called on to make a bit more of the investment that's required.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate the help. Thank you.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with CDP. Please go ahead.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Vedula.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Hey, Allen. How are you? Congratulations, and nice to hear from you.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. No, I haven't talked to you in a long time. Glad you're doing well.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Anyways, you touched on these things kind of around the edges, but when you came in 2003 and your mission was fairly clear. You had Power the Future that had been improved, but it simply was a matter of execution and getting that done and the non-regulated businesses that you had to cleanup. So the focus was fairly clear and that gave you – that was basically a runway of about eight years from, say, 2003 until 2010, 2011, whatever. So I'm wondering today – it's like we're sitting here in 2016. You have the merger done and you have the big pipeline replacement program in Illinois and everything like that. I'm wondering just if you can kind of give a sense of how much runway you think you have here. And just, even if it's not necessarily as large or as dramatic as what was sitting in front of you in 2003, can you just put it in context the way you're thinking about it going forward over the next few years?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. Well, I think as you look at -- of course, Power the Future, I guess, you could think of it, if you just looked at the new generation that was being built. I mean, that was sort of, as it turned out, a roughly seven to eight-year program. So, as you say, that's in the past. As we look at sort of what's coming up, we've got some programs like the AMRP program in Illinois, which we're probably looking at decades long. I mean, you're looking at programs that are ongoing for 20 to 25 years at least. So we've got some programs that we think will be around a lot longer, even longer than Power the Future. We've got others that were kind of shorter in nature, and we talk some about the ERP project in Wisconsin. But I would say overall, Vedula, I mean, I think we easily have a runway of 10 or more years of capital investment that we think will benefit customers, in the case of Chicago, like a huge upgrade in safety. So I would say it's at least 10 years. But now it's really multiple programs in multiple states as opposed to being a single program and one and only in one state. I hope that helps.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Yeah. No, just to clear also I think you've also touched on this in terms of you talked a lot about load growth and just conservation, efficiencies, and everything like that. When you look back to 2003 or whatever, I mean, we were still seeing fairly strong growth in terms of usage and everything like that. Going forward, that's not necessarily going to be the case. But I'm just – in terms of supporting kind of the ability to continue to grow whatever in terms of your earnings or whatever, I'm just wondering whether the things you referenced should be enough, even without any real net load growth. And also the one other thing I wanted to ask you is, in the past, you used to talk about having a couple hundred million dollars of free cash flow, net of CapEx and dividends. Can you just kind of refresh us in terms of where that kind of stands going forward as well?
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And maybe, Scott, why don't you cover the cash flow question? But I would say, Vedula, I mean, clearly the situation with volume growth, be it electric or natural gas, it's going to be a bit of a headwind, which is why I think having the merger is beneficial to us, because we can generate some more cost savings to help deal with those headwinds. But Scott, why don't you give Vedula some background on the cash.
Scott J. Lauber - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. In looking at our cash and remember we said in our prepared remarks and just lately, we said in our prepared remarks, we are not issuing any equity. Part of the acquisition reasons were to invest in good utility projects. So we are investing in utility projects that are very needed for the infrastructure. When you look at 2016 and 2017, we are not cash flow positive, but we also look at our consolidated debt to capital ratio and our consolidated holding company debt. And the holding company debt as a percent of total debt is about 28%, consistent with our projections, and we see that continuing to be there. So we are not cash flow positive, but we are not issuing any equity, and that's for the 2016 and 2017 timeframe, and we'll look at our projections as we go forward as we look at our capital plans in the future.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital US, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Vedula.
Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Well, that concludes our conference call today. Thank you for participating. If you have any more questions, please contact Beth Straka or Colleen Henderson in our Investor Relations office.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-04 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Allen L. Leverett - President & Director James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer Scott J. Lauber - Vice President & Treasurer
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker) Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call to review the 2015 Year-End Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statement, factors described in WEC Energy Group's and Integrys Holding's latest Form 10-Ks and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, WEC has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wecenergygroup.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Helane, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for calendar year 2015. As you know, we formed WEC Energy Group on June 29 when we closed our acquisition of Integrys. So today's report reflects two full quarters as a combined company. I'll update our progress on a number of major initiatives in just a moment. But first, as always, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of WEC Energy Group and CEO-elect; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Bill Guc, Controller; Scott Lauber, Treasurer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Turning now to our 2015 performance, I'd like to remind you that we're focusing on legacy Wisconsin Energy so our financial results have been adjusted to remove the impact of the acquisition. And as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported Wisconsin Energy adjusted standalone earnings of $2.73 a share for 2015, that compares with adjusted earnings of $2.65 a share for 2014. Looking back over the latest year, it was not only a transformational year for our company but a year also of significant achievements. We Energies was named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for the fifth consecutive year. In international studies, We Energies ranked in the top quartile in the Midwest again for customer service and power quality and in the top quartile nationally for customer service. In addition, Wisconsin Public Service in Green Bay was ranked number two in the Midwest for overall customer satisfaction among mid-sized utilities. We also reached a milestone for employee safety at We Energies, recording the safest year in more than 115 years of operation. We invested nearly $780 million in our legacy core business with all major projects on time and on budget. And, of course, we closed our acquisition of Integrys to form WEC Energy Group, the leading electric and natural gas utility system in the Midwest with now 4.4 million customers across the region. From a financial standpoint, we continued to deliver solid earnings growth. Through disciplined cost control and effective planning, we delivered record earnings in 2015 despite a very warm fourth quarter. In fact, Milwaukee experienced the warmest December in its history, surpassing the former record set way back in the day in 1877. Taking a look at the state's economy, Wisconsin's unemployment rate ended the year at 4.3%, well below the national average and the December statistics show that more Wisconsinites were employed than during any other month in history. The state's labor force participation rate also rose to 68%, which is more than 5 points better than the national rates. In addition, Wisconsin added 4,000 manufacturing jobs from November 2014 to November of 2015 despite some very challenging conditions for manufacturers. In light of these challenges, use of electricity by our large commercial and industrial customers moderated a bit. In 2015, our large customers, excluding the iron ore mines, consumed approximately 0.4% less electricity than they did in 2014. However, and this is an important point, we did see improvement in several significant sectors of the state's economy including food processing, printing, paper production and plastics. In addition, we continued to see an uptick in customer growth across our system. We Energies is serving approximately 6,500 more electric customers and more than 8,500 more customers on the gas side of our business today than we were a year ago. I'm also pleased with our post-acquisition work over the past several months as we've begun to operationalize the new WEC Energy Group. As I've said before, we see tremendous opportunity in the framework of the new company. WEC Energy Group has the scale, scope, technical depth, geographic reach, and financial resources to thrive in our consolidating industry. We're leveraging these strengths to deliver operational and financial benefits to all of our stakeholders. And with our proven leadership team, we're incorporating best practices across the organization to streamline our operations and to reduce costs. WEC Energy Group is now the eighth largest natural gas distribution company in the country and one of the 15 largest investor-owned utility systems in the United States with real opportunity for growth. Bottom line, we have the same top management team, but now with a new platform for growth, a platform focused on the energy infrastructure needs of 4.4 million customers across the Midwest and our plan calls for the combined company to grow earnings per share by 6% to 8% in 2016. Now, I'd like to spend a few minutes reviewing the impact of bonus depreciation, a subject I know you're very interested in. As you know, in December, Congress passed a tax law that extends and modifies bonus depreciation for property placed in service from 2015 to 2019. At this point, we estimate that we'll receive approximately $1 billion of cash benefits from this extension of bonus depreciation, with most of the benefits coming in 2016 and in 2017. First, let me say though, that we do not expect bonus depreciation to have any material impact on earnings this year. And over the longer term we have significant flexibility to bring forward reliability projects that will clearly benefit customers. The additional cash benefits will allow us to fund a strong backlog of infrastructure investments that the region needs for reliability. And if the Clean Power plan moves forward on the proposed timetable, our incremental cash flows could well be needed to support additional investments in renewable energy or new natural gas generation for our fleet. Of course, we also have the option to further deleverage the holding company. So bottom line, for the longer term, beyond 2016, we continue to see earnings per share growth of 5% to 7% a year. As a reminder, our current 10-year investment plan is primarily focused on modernizing our delivery networks. We expect that more than half of our capital investments, about $800 million a year roughly, will be dedicated to the gas delivery business, providing safer and more reliable infrastructure and extending our gas distribution lines to customers across the Midwest. We also plan to invest approximately $400 million a year to upgrade and harden our electric delivery networks. Now, the primary risks associated with these core distribution projects are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the work. But the work is no less important than the mega projects we've completed over the years. Our focus now on renewing our distribution networks is essential to maintaining our status as one of the nation's most reliable utilities. We also expect the remaining investment, approximately $300 million a year, will be focused on our generating fleet and on what we call corporate infrastructure. To be clear, however, these projections did not include any capital that would be needed for compliance with the Clean Power Plan. Turning now to other developments, I'm pleased to report that the conversion of the Valley Power Plant near Downtown Milwaukee from coal to natural gas was completed in the fourth quarter on time and on budget. The total investment was approximately $60 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We're also making very good progress on the major construction work at our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant on the border of Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. After more than 100 years of operation we're building a new powerhouse and adding spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. Overall, the Twin Falls project is on time and on budget with approximately 82% of the construction now complete. We're targeting commercial operation for the summer of this year, and we're forecasting a total investment of $60 million to $65 million, again, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Next, you may recall that we're working to add fuel flexibilities at our Oak Creek expansion units. These units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal. But given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save customers anywhere between $25 million and $50 million a year, depending upon the mix. Work is under way now to expand our coal storage capability at the Oak Creek site. The larger site should be ready by early next year. Also, the first capital investment inside the plant was made on one of the units during a planned outage this past fall. We also plan to upgrade the second unit during the first quarter of this year. Our share of these investments for the new Oak Creek units is targeted at approximately $80 million, again, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We're also moving forward on the Accelerated Main Replacement Program at Peoples Gas in Chicago. As you'll recall, this is one of the largest natural gas infrastructure projects in the country. The program calls for the replacement of approximately 2,000 miles of Chicago's aging gas pipelines and I'm pleased to report that over the past six months, we've taken significant steps to improve the management and performance of this project, which is now approximately 18% complete. We engaged a nationally recognized engineering firm that helped us conduct an extensive independent review of the work plan and the long-term cost estimates. And as part of our fresh start in Chicago, we filed a plan on November 30 that lays out our top priorities for the next three years. The components of the three-year plan include removal and replacement of more than 250 miles of aging cast iron pipes in the neighborhoods most at risk, a projected investment of between $250 million and $280 million a year, and regular updates to the Illinois Commerce Commission and other stakeholders to keep them fully informed of our progress. In assessing the plan that we filed on November 30, the Illinois Commerce Commission has scheduled a series of six workshops to be held by the end of March. Two of the workshops are already complete. While the engineering, fieldwork and cost recovery continue, these workshops are bringing together all of the stakeholders to review the scope, the schedule and the long-term cost of the plan with a focus on safety and reliability. I'm confident that the steps we're taking will provide Chicagoans with a safe modern natural gas delivery system that they deserve. Moving now to our transmission business, our electric transmission business, as you know, WEC is now a 60% owner of American Transmission Company. ATC's capital plan calls for investment of $3.7 billion to $4.5 billion between now and 2024 to bolster the reliability of the grid. As I've said in the past, we welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment to the transmission business. Turning now to our dividend policy, on January 21, as you may have read, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.495 a share, an increase of 8.2% over the previous quarterly dividend. Our annual dividend rate is now $1.98 a share. Going forward, we're targeting a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings and we expect our dividend growth to be in line with the growth in earnings per share. On a final note, as I mentioned on one of our previous calls, we've been seeking a new owner for the Trillium compressed natural gas business. You'll recall that this business came to us as part of the Integrys transaction. We sold part of the business in late November of last year, and very recently, we reached an agreement to sell substantially all of the remaining Trillium assets. This agreement is subject to Hart-Scott-Rodino review and we're projecting to reach financial close by the end of the first quarter. In total, we expect at least $130 million of pre-tax cash proceeds from the combined sales of the Trillium assets. The fair value of Trillium was reflected in our purchase price allocation following the Integrys acquisition and as you know, the earnings on the Trillium business were not significant to our company. So, in summary, ladies and gentlemen, these are exciting times filled with opportunity and change for our company. And speaking of change, we recently announced that I'll be retiring as Chief Executive Officer effective May 1. After May 1, I'll continue to serve the company as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board and I'm delighted that Allen Leverett will succeed me as Chief Executive. Allen has also been appointed to our board of directors. As most of you know, Allen has been a very key contributor to our success since he joined Wisconsin Energy the same year I did back in 2003, first as Chief Financial Officer, then as the leader of our power generation group and most recently as President of the parent firm at our Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan utilities. I've known and worked with Allen for more than 20 years. Now, I have to tell you he is not quite as fond of breed of financial audit as I am, but the depth of his experience, his management skills and his focus on execution make him the ideal person to lead our company through a time of continuing change in the energy industry. Allen, my congratulations.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Thank you, Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And now for more details on our 2015 performance and our outlook for 2016, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, in 2015, our adjusted earnings grew to $2.73 compared with $2.65 a share for 2014. Our adjusted earnings exclude the Integrys company's earnings and the impacts of the acquisition. They are also adjusted for the shares issued in connection with the merger. To facilitate comparisons with last year, my discussion of 2015 results will focus primarily on legacy Wisconsin Energy. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes the results of the Integrys companies and has a full GAAP to adjusted reconciliation. First, I'll focus on operating income for Wisconsin Energy and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the full year 2015 was $1.137 billion as compared with $1.125 billion in 2014. That's an increase of $12 million. Starting with the Utility Energy segment, the operating income in 2015 totaled $767.7 million, an increase of $3.5 million over 2014. On the positive side, we had a $35 million increase in revenues due to the Wisconsin rate order. We also had $10.4 million of improved fuel recoveries and lower O&M cost, in part driven by lower benefits cost and reduced maintenance expense in the fourth quarter, decreased expenses by $10.2 million. On the downside, we estimate that our electric and gas margins decrease by $35.3 million, driven by warmer fourth quarter weather. The fourth quarter of 2015 was the second warmest in the history of We Energies. In addition, depreciation expense rose by $16.8 million with additional capital expenditures. Combining these and other factors results in a $3.5 million increase in adjusted Utility operating income in 2015 as compared with 2014. Our Non-Utility Energy operating income was $373.4 million, which is $5.4 million higher than the prior year due to additional investment in our Oak Creek expansion units. Our Corporate and Other segment showed an operating loss of $4.5 million, essentially flat with the prior year. Taking the changes for these segments together, you'd arrive at $12 million increase in adjusted operating income. During 2015, earnings from Wisconsin Energy's investment in American Transmission Company totaled $54.5 million, which was an $11.5 million decline from 2014. As we previously mentioned, ATC has established reserves in light of recent appeals to the FERC regarding authorized returns for regional transmission organizations. ATC re-evaluated those reserves in the fourth quarter and decided to increase them. Other income net increased by $24.3 million, driven in large part by second quarter asset sales. Higher AFUDC, driven primarily by our gas expansion project in Western Wisconsin, also contributed. 2015 net interest expense increased by $2 million. This was driven by slightly higher long-term debt, offset somewhat by lower interest rates. Wisconsin Energy's standalone income tax expense rose by $2.7 million for 2015. Our higher taxable income was slightly offset by a lower effective tax rate. Looking forward, we expect WEC Energy Group's effective income tax rate to be between 37.5% and 38.5% for 2016. Combining all of these items brings you to adjusted net income of $620.9 million or $2.73 per share for 2015. Turning now to operating cash flows. We have provided information in your earnings packet for the consolidated WEC Energy Group on a GAAP basis, which includes six months results from Integrys. We believe this will be a more accurate indicator of the cash position of the company. During 2015, WEC Energy Group's operating cash flow totaled $1.294 billion, which is a $95 million improvement over 2014. A major driver of the improvement was the inclusion of legacy Integrys companies for six months, which added both to depreciation and deferred income taxes. Legacy Wisconsin Energy's year-to-date operating cash flows in 2015 were about $41 million lower as compared to 2014. As previously discussed, we contributed $100 million to our pension plans in 2015. No such contributions were made during 2014. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 51.4% at the end of 2015. This ratio reflects the Integrys acquisition and treats half of WEC Energy Group's hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. We continue to use cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options, and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. For comparison purposes, the annual sales information I'll discuss next will reflect results for We Energies only. Actual 2015 retail deliveries fell by 1.8%. Excluding the iron ore mines, retail deliveries fell by 0.8%. Weather-normalized retail deliveries, again excluding the iron ore mines, also fell by 0.8% compared to 2014. Looking at the individual customer segments now, we saw weather-normalized residential deliveries fall by 1.8%. Actual residential deliveries fell by 2%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, weather-normal deliveries rose by 0.2%. Actual deliveries fell by 0.1%. In the large commercial and industrial segment, deliveries for 2015 fell by 3.1%. Excluding the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial deliveries fell by 0.4%. Our 2015 weather-normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation, dropped 1.5% compared to 2014. Our actual gas deliveries, again, excluding gas used for power generation, were down 11% compared to the polar vortex-driven gas sales in 2014. For 2016, we will forecast and discuss delivery results for the State of Wisconsin, our largest segment. Our Wisconsin segment includes the results of both We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service. Note that, with decoupling, gas deliveries in Illinois are not as tightly tied to financial results. So in Wisconsin, we're forecasting a modest increase of 0.3% in weather-normalized retail electric deliveries excluding the iron ore mines. That compares to a 0.1% decline in 2015. We plan to meet our earnings targets without relying on any significant gains in energy usage by our customers. Looking at 2016 by individual customer segments, we expect residential deliveries to decline by 0.1%, impacted positively by continued modest growth in housing starts, but offset by conservation. In the small commercial and industrial segment, we are projecting sales to decline by 0.3%. And in the large commercial and industrial group, we are projecting an increase of 1.2%, excluding the mines. We project 2016 Wisconsin weather-normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation, to increase by 0.5%. Turning now to our capital forecast. As Gale mentioned, we expect to invest at least $1.5 billion per year in capital projects, or $15 billion in the next decade. Correspondingly, we plan to invest $1.5 billion in 2016, primarily focused on modernizing our delivery networks. We will continue to evaluate both our short-term and long-term capital investment plans in light of bonus depreciation. Next, I'd like to remind you about earnings guidance for 2016. As previously mentioned, we expect earnings per share growth for WEC Energy Group to be in a range of 6% to 8% off a base of $2.72 a share. Therefore, our guidance for 2016 is in a range from $2.88 to $2.94 a share. This projection assumes normal weather and excludes any potential remaining acquisition-related costs. Again, our guidance for 2016 is $2.88 to $2.94 per share. Finally, let's look at first quarter guidance. Taking into account January weather and the timing of fuel recoveries, we project first quarter earnings to be in a range of $0.99 to $1.03 per share. That assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter and excludes any remaining acquisition-related costs. Once again, first quarter guidance for the WEC Energy Group is $0.99 to $1.03 per share. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're suddenly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our shareholders.
Operator: And now, we would like to take the questions. Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Afternoon, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon and congratulations to both of you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely. So perhaps just...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: (26:12), Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely. Thank you. Kicking it off here, I'd just be curious, Peoples Gas, just the earned ROEs and expectations into 2016, looks like there could be a nice pick-up there. But I'd be curious if you can elaborate kind of what you're thinking about an earned ROE embedded in that range.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Or what should we be thinking about for that segment?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I am really glad you asked, Julien. Let me first say that for calendar year 2015, the Illinois utilities, Peoples Gas and North Shore, earned their allowed rate of return, which is 9.05% (26.54) and that's exactly what's embedded in our forecast for 2016 earnings guidance. I know you had...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: All right.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...questions about whether we could achieve that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: No, well, there we go. And then secondly, I'd just be curious, in terms of the bonus depreciation, if you can elaborate a little further there. Can you discuss a little bit more what the offsets were for 2016 and how you were able to entirely offset it? And then looking forward a little bit more prospectively here, could you talk about what there too, what are the items adding up in terms of added spend, et cetera, to make it up?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me try to frame that for you, and if any of our guys want to add additional detail, feel free to do so. But for 2016, since there will be no – basically, there will be no base rate changes for calendar 2016 across our major utilities. We really don't see any immediate type of a hit in terms of bonus depreciation. However, in terms of the cash that we'll be receiving, it has allowed us to pull forward several important infrastructure projects. Really it's not large projects, but it's things like replacement of additional underground lines, substation transformer replacements, et cetera. Virtually all of that is in Wisconsin and that's worth about an additional $100 million that we've identified so far for 2016 just as an example. So I think most of the projects that we are looking at that will be able to be funded with the bonus depreciation cash are exactly those types of projects; on our gas delivery networks and on our electric delivery networks, all related to reliability, all related to upgrading, modernizing and hardening for safety purposes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great, excellent. And then last, just follow-up there if you can, thinking big picture CPP longer term, we've heard a lot of other states talk a lot about adjacencies to Canada and imports. Can you talk a little bit more about the Manitoba Hydro opportunity in the long term and how that fits into your five-year and 10-year CapEx plan?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it really has no impact on the 5-year CapEx plan or really nothing specific in the 10-year CapEx plan. However, and I'll ask Allen to talk about this, if there are going to be more hydro imports from Canada, there clearly would have to be additional transmission built. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Yeah. So, of course, the Manitoba Hydro, we wouldn't actually be an investor, we will be an offtaker of the power. So in terms of a direct investment, we wouldn't have any direct investment in the hydro units themselves. But as Gale mentioned, if you're going to have deliverability and actually be able to affect the generation dispatch in Wisconsin, you'd have to be able to deliver it, so you'd need the electric transmission. But at this point, we certainly don't have a number on what that investment might look like.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Still a bit early. But it is something indeed that you're interested in exploring, correct?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Yeah. I mean, I think it's something – another item in the toolbox that would help us potentially with compliance.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And to Allen's point, Julien, if we're facing, as a state, in Wisconsin a 41% reduction in CO2 emissions, we're going to need every cost-effective tool we have.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Thank you, Julien. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Rock and roll, Jim. How are you?
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Meet the new boss, same as the old boss.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: But without Mexican food.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Without Mexican food. Well, you know...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It may change a little bit, Jim.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: So not to quote The Who or anything, but the question really is for Allen. So how would you describe your management style versus Gale's? And what would you say are the nuances in your respective strategic visions for WEC going forward?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, man, this is going to be interesting.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Well, Jim, that's such a long...
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Has your post been paid yet, Allen?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: That's such a long question; I'm going to give you a very short answer. And it's probably easier for me to talk about what won't change, Jim.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: And we talked about a lot of things that will, and Mexican food – no Mexican food at the staff meetings. But what won't change is really a focus on execution and delivering results. So that's a short answer to your very long conceptual question.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: But that's what won't change.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Let me ask you a second broad topic before I go into a modeling or two question. With respect to growth, what we've seen over the last several weeks from the companies that have been reporting is that not all G is created equal. Can you talk about why your G is standing out and why you're so confident in your 5% to 7% longer term growth rate?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll take a shot at it. Allen certainly should offer his view. I think the reason we're confident in our 6% to 8% growth in 2016 and then 5% to 7% afterward is essentially the need for the significant capital investments in the kinds of projects that we have embedded in that 10-year plan. Our huge generation projects are behind us by and large. But the kind of reliability upgrades, the kind of modernization that's needed on the natural gas delivery networks and the electric delivery networks, those are essential for reliability going forward. And when we see the significant backlog that we have and, of course, our capital spending doubling with the acquisition of Integrys compared to standalone Wisconsin Energy, the need and the backlog of the projects gives me, at least, very significant confidence in our ability to hit the growth rates. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Yeah. I guess the only thing I would add, Jim, to Gale's comment, quite a bit of the investment we're looking at is in the natural gas side of the business. So there is a clear need from an infrastructure standpoint. So I think that's something else that you should keep in mind when you look at the longer-term numbers.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And to Allen's point, Jim, it's not just Chicago. We have a significant amount of natural gas delivery network investment in Wisconsin as well. And for that matter, expansions in Minnesota, in Rochester, growth in Michigan with the natural gas utility there. So I think we said earlier that about $800 million a year on average of our $1.5 billion of capital investment will be devoted toward the natural gas delivery business.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Switching over to a couple financial questions, can you talk broadly about your financing plans for 2016 and 2017 in terms of expected debt issuances, maybe on a net basis? And then talk about your free cash flow expectations over the same period with free cash flow being defined both pre and post dividend?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We'll let Pat and Scott talk with you specifically. I will say that right now the first thing we have out of the box in 2016, and we announced it earlier this week, is a tender offer for the hybrids or a portion of the hybrids that were outstanding at TEG. It's one of the issues of the hybrids that we have a tender offer for right now. So that's the first refinancing or the first financing opportunity that we have that's underway right now. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And them Jim, in 2016, this is actually a pretty light year for us. We only project right now to have two bond offerings, one in Wisconsin Gas probably in the first half of the year, and then at PGL in the second half of the year. So this is – certainly relative to last year, not a lot going on.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Let me be a bit more straightforward. Do you expect to be free cash flow positive this year, next year?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: No, we do not. We do not expect to be free cash flow positive this year or next year.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: What's the delta versus being free cash?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: I don't have that number at my fingertips, but part of what Gale said is we're evaluating, and my comments as well, as we evaluate the capital plan, even if I had that number, that would be a little bit in flux as we evaluate how to deploy that bonus depreciation cash we've received. So we can follow up when we kind of frame that up in a little more detail, if you'd like, but I'd rather not wallow around in it, if that's all right.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And Jim, an additional comment on that. Remember, we do not have any need to issue additional equity. So basically, we might be talking about a slight increase in commercial paper or one of these bond offerings that Pat laid out. But we're within the – I mean, we're basically within the confines of not needing additional equity and maintaining the current type of debt to capital that we've been historically maintaining.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome, Jim. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Greetings, Michael. How are you today?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'm well. Congrats to both of you, gentlemen.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: A couple of just questions, I want to make sure – I hopped on a tad bit late, so I want to make sure I understand. You've got your rate case filing coming in Wisconsin in the next couple of months, April-May timeframe I think. Should we imply that given the fact you have extra capital as part of bonus depreciation that the CapEx requirements or the CapEx spends for kind of the two-year period that case will cover, 2017 and 2018, potentially higher than what you kind of disclosed in the EEI-related slide decks given the fact you have a lot more capital available to you at that subsidiary – or at those subsidiaries?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think certainly because we now have the availability of additional cash through the federal government's extension of bonus depreciation, I mean, yes, we are looking at for the benefit of customers to be able to invest in more modernization than what you saw in our slide deck in terms of the 10-year capital plan. Because as you'll recall, we did not take for granted that there would be an extension of bonus depreciation when we laid out the new 10-year capital plan at the EEI Conference in November. So yes, I think you could expect us to have additional capital investment, again, along the lines of additional upgrading of our natural gas and electricity delivery networks, particularly in Wisconsin. But in light of the fact that this is additional cash coming in, it really would not have any material effect on our rate review.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Meaning as long as the CapEx increase and the bonus D&A impact on rate base are a one-for-one swap.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is correct. You stated it very well.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And are there enough projects that you don't need to – that don't have lengthy approval processes where you could make a $400 million to $500 million a year increase in your capital budget for like the 2017-2018 timeframe? And that just seems like a very significant increase. If you're saying that bonus D&A is worth about $1 billion to you, that would be a pretty significant increase to the capital budget. I'm just trying to think about the ability to actually execute that type of CapEx increase.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we don't have $400 million to $500 million a year of additional projects, but I would say to you that looking at our legitimate backlog of investment needs, what we can pull forward is very significant. And then in the back half of that period, remember the period is really 2015 through 2019, in the back half of that period, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, if the proposed time table for the clean power plant compliance stays on track, we may be looking at the need for investment in our fleet either additional renewables, additional natural gas-fired generation. So those could be some fairly large projects in the back half of this period that we're talking about, but certainly in the front half of the period, 2016, 2017-ish. We really are looking at smaller discrete projects, such as additional ability to replace aging underground lines, replace and upgrade substation transformers, more distribution automation, those types of projects. They really don't meet the threshold of a specific approval from any of the regulators.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And this one maybe for Allen. Just trying to think about ATC and the impact bonus depreciation would have on ATC's earnings power and therefore its earnings contribution up to WEC.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Yeah. So I think when Gale talked about, in the prepared remarks, the $1 billion worth of cash from the tax savings, that included in effect our ownership share of ATC. So it's certainly not in addition to that. It's already included in that estimate. As you know, Michael, the transmission projects are pretty long lead time, so I can't see anything at all at or (40:37) ATC's capital budget of 2016 and 2017. But the team at ATC is looking at things that can be pulled into the back half of the period that Gale mentioned, say, in 2018 and 2019, which would allow us or ATC to pull some projects up that are beneficial to customers.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Last one, and somebody asked a little bit of this, but I'm just curious. You issued a lot of very low cost debt at the holding company to pay for Integrys – to pay for part of the equity component of Integrys. Just curious about how you are thinking about over the next two to three, three to four years, how much of that holding company debt you would like to term out versus how much of that holding company debt you would like to simply take out and reduce the leverage at the holding company level.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Very good question, Michael. And the honest answer to you is, we're going to continue to iterate as we move along. I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have additional distribution network projects that we can use the additional cash to very beneficial use for customers. As Allen mentioned, there are maybe some additional transmission investments in the back half of that five-year period. There may be a generation investment because of Clean Power Plan compliance. But the other option we have is further deleveraging of the holding company. There will be some deleveraging in the plan to begin with. It just will happen, given our – the way we've laid out our forecast. But we also have the opportunity to deleverage. So what we are going to do as we continue to move forward through this period here is we're going to say, okay, what is the best use of the cash for our customers and shareholders, and put that cash to the best use we can. And what we were trying to do for you is lay out the series of options that we have that will balance going forward. So I can't give you a precise answer at this point in time other than additional beyond the plan deleveraging of the holding company is an option.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, Gale and Allen. Much appreciated.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Welcome. I will you see in a few days, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I will see you in two weeks, yes.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Greetings, Brian.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're good. Are you wonderful and award winning today, Brian?
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just to follow on that last question on the parent debt, when is the first call date? I mean, you'd probably have to pay a premium prior to callable dates, correct?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Are you thinking about the holding company debt, or are you talking...
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, holding company debt.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we got to carve it up. There's multiple debt instruments at the holding company, Brian, between the hybrid. Are you talking specifically the acquisition debt?
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes, acquisition debt.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry. The acquisition debt, the first tranche expires at the end of three years, so 2018. So, it was three, five and 10 years, so 2018, 2020 and 2025.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Three, five and 10 years, and then about $300 million of commercial paper.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. And just to be clear, this is embedded in your 5% to 7% EPS CAGR or it's an addition to it? Just how does those moving parts work in terms of the CAGR?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: When you say – all of that debt is embedded.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): No. I mean, is there assumption for debt reduction of the acquisition debt in the 5% to 7% CAGR?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, we're assuming that – again, we want to see what kind of flexibility we have, but we'll either retire it or refinance it.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please go ahead.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi. Good afternoon.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Dan, how are you?
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Good. And congratulations to both of you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Dan, I am so glad you called since this is my last call, and I've been wanting to have a conversation with you about all the advice that I've freely given you about your behavior over the years, and I'm hoping that I've been helpful to you – improved behavior on your part. I was just thinking, though, with this being my last call, I just wanted to offer you, and you can certainly feel free to think about this, but I just wanted to offer you perhaps, for a nominal fee, being your life coach going forward. What do you think, Dan?
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: You mean Allen isn't going to take that over?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Dan, now we know there's going to be a second change. No more Mexican food and no kicking Jenkins around.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And I know you're going to miss that, Dan. But what can we do for you today, Dan?
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: First just a clarification. You gave your expectation for 2016 on the energy sales. And I'm not sure I got for the large industrial ex mines. It was 1-point-what?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: 1.2%, Dan.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And so, related to that, I was kind of curious where you see that coming from, given how 2015 performed, that seems like kind of a pickup. But I wondered if you could give us more color on that. And somewhat related to that, I was wondering if you are seeing any impact in the sand customers related to what's going on with the energy.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: A very good question, Dan. And let me try to cover the waterfront for you. Pat and Scott should add any color they would like to add. But first of all, let me tackle the frac sand. In essence, given the frac sand operations, and there are about 110 of them in the western part of the State of Wisconsin. We really don't serve electricity to any of the major ones in the western part of the state. It's really – that's really natural gas demand for us. And because we've just completed in November the largest expansion of our natural gas distribution network in Wisconsin gas history, we haven't up till now served a significant amount of the frac sand demand for natural gas. So while the frac sand industry has declined along with the big drop in oil prices, we still have an opportunity to grow over the longer term and the medium term in terms of our natural gas distribution service to that industry in the western part of the state. So long story short, because we haven't had a lot of the service in place or a lot of the capability in place up until now, we've not really been hurt to any significant degree by the decline in the frac sand business in light of the oil crash, if I'm making any sense.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Sure. Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Then in terms of industrial demand for electricity and how are we seeing a percent-or-so growth, a couple of thoughts and then we'll ask Scott Lauber, our Treasurer, who tracks our electricity demand. I track it every day, he tracks it every hour. Long story short, we serve 17 different sectors of the industrial economy in the State of Wisconsin, and many of those sectors are either flat or slightly down when you look at 2015 performance. But there are four sectors where we have significant concentration in Wisconsin that actually have shown a little growth and we think may continue to show some growth in our projections in 2016. So that's food processing, paper production, printing, and plastics. So those are fairly large industrial sectors. Among the 17, those four are pretty large. And we've actually seen some uptick throughout 2015 in those four sectors. And that, in part, underlies the percent-or-so growth that we're projecting for 2016. Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - Vice President & Treasurer: In addition, we have some attractive rates to bring in new customers into the area. So we are actually seeing some customers building specifically in Southeastern Wisconsin some distribution centers, Amazon built here. So we're seeing that – and those actually are increasing our load in 2016 also.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's a very good point. And, for example, Scott mentioned Amazon, well, they just built a 1 million square foot distribution center that's now operational. And now that they've got it operational, I believe they've announced they're adding another 250,000 square feet right immediately adjacent to the 1 million square feet that they just built. Uline, which is a major company that has moved to Wisconsin in the last seven or eight years, is just growing by leaps and bounds, and they're adding distribution capacity. So we're seeing, as Scott said, not only some strength in some of the traditional clusters in Wisconsin, but we're also seeing some large commercial growth that is now in place and beginning to operate.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Then the second thing I was curious about, you mentioned that your kind of two workshops in of the six workshops around the main replacement plan at Peoples Gas, I was wondering if you could give a little color on kind of what the discussion's been there in terms of the Commission concerns or Commission directives or if they've had any recommendations.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, actually, no recommendations yet. But I've been very encouraged by the entire approach that the Illinois Commerce Commission has decided to take in terms of taking, as we suggested, a fresh look at the entire program. The workshops are very granular and technical in nature. So for example, at one of the workshops, folks from the federal pipeline safety administration have been invited to come in and discuss the 2011 call to action from the federal government to replace some of these aging cast iron and bare steel pipes. So this is – the way that workshops have gone so far, and you're right, two of the six have been completed, and the subject matter for the remaining four are public and the agendas are public. It's really almost stepping back and let's taking – take a complete reexamination for the need, the schedule and the shorter and long term cost estimates. And then importantly, and one of the workshops will be dedicated to this, cooperation and collaboration with the City of Chicago. And I can't tell you how important that is. I mean, while we are in the process of trying to replace 2,000 miles of aging underground pipes in Chicago, the City of Chicago is also trying to replace a significant number of aging water mains. So cooperation in terms of trying to get that work done in a scheduled collaborative basis is a real issue that needs – we need to continue to work on this. I think we've made real progress with the City of Chicago in terms of sharing information and planning for construction. But one of those workshops is really going to be dedicated to, okay, how can the two entities that are ripping up streets in Chicago best work together. So very technical in nature, but really going through – again, it's almost a complete new primer on the need for the program and how the program should be structured and scheduled going forward.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So would you expect any revisions potentially to the CapEx budget related to the resolution of this process or how should we think about that?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the way I would think about it is, certainly the Illinois Commerce Commission is interested in the timetable and the cost. And originally, the commission set a deadline of 2030 to complete that program. I think we all want to talk about is that still a realistic deadline for completing the program; how much can efficiently and effectively be spent in any given year, and how much risk would be taken if you extended the program. But right now, while all of that is still being processed and all of that's still being discussed, and I believe the Commission will vote on a new plan in June, the best advice I could give you is to stick with the $250 million to $280 million a year investment plan. That's what we're finding right now. It's probably the sweet spot in terms of how much can be done efficiently during the construction (53:58) Chicago.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then just wanted to say, given your successful completion of Power the Future and Integrys, you've obviously made a large impact on the company and left a tough legacy for Allen to follow. So, good luck.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: To whom was that addressed?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Thank you, Dan.
Daniel F. Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Bye.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Bye-bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Steve. You don't need a life coach, do you?
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: I hope not. Thanks, Gale, and congrats on your retirement on time and on budget.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Congrats as well to Allen. So just a quick follow-up on the Illinois process. So could you maybe give a little color if the AG's office is kind of involved in these discussions on this kind of new plan? And then also, there is some attempt to still go back and keep looking back at what happened, just any color on where you see that process heading?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'd be happy to, Steve. First of all, the six workshops that the Illinois Commerce Commission has scheduled, the invitees are really all of the parties that have been involved in this entire program from day one. So it would be the Citizens Utility Board, it would be the City of Chicago, it would be the State Attorney General's Office. It would be a significant representation from the natural gas division of the Illinois Commerce Commission. In fact, the workshops are being moderated by the head of the natural gas division of the Illinois Commerce Commission. And all of the folks that have been invited to participate are participating. From what we've seen so far in the first two workshops, I would say that there are more informational type questions. I mean, for example, the State Attorney General's Office has asked, "Well, does all the cast iron pipe that's a certain age really need to be replaced?" So they're very technical questions. I mean, this is almost, I think, a terrific opportunity to get everybody on the same basis in terms of information and knowledge about the program. So I'm actually very encouraged by the approach that the Illinois Commerce Commission has taken. I think it will be an opportunity, again, to put everybody on the same basis of information and also really have a very strong dialogue with the natural gas division of how the company and the City of Chicago need to cooperate in the streets. So that's really kind of the color I would give you so far. Again, very encouraged by the participation, by the kind of questions, and by the understanding that's building that with this kind of aging infrastructure, this is something that should not, cannot be ignored. So that would be my thoughts on the workshops. And again, we've filed a three-year plan that put our top priorities in place for the neighborhoods that we thought were most at risk, and we'll see what the Commission decides. But their plan would be to vote on the longer-term future for the advanced main replacement program by June. And again, I would say to you, given everything we've seen around the country, both from a natural gas and water standpoint, it's just not – I don't think anyone thinks it's wise to ignore the urgent need to upgrade that system in Chicago.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And then going backward, the Attorney General's Office is asking, as they have, about an $8 billion cost estimate for the long-term investment need of the program, and that need or that cost estimate surfaced, as you know, immediately after we acquired the company. And so the Attorney General's Office is wondering, who knew in the prior company, the prior management, about the $8 billion estimate and why was the $8 billion estimate, which was a preliminary estimate, why was that not disclosed prior to the closing of the acquisition? So that docket, if you will, is still open before the Illinois Commerce Commission.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome, Steve.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Good luck.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good afternoon.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul. How are you today?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: All right. Congratulations to both you..
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Thank you.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: ...and Allen. One quick one for you here. The sales growth projection, does that include leap year or is that taken out?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That actually, includes leap year. Yep. It's worth about 0.3% (59:19).
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right. So that would indicate that you guys really are not expecting much in the way of any growth.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is correct.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Yep.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Has there been a change in how you've begun to forecast things since it's been, generally speaking, lower than what you guys had – over the years, you guys have been a little bit more optimistic about sales growth than what's actually happened. Have you reappraised that, or are you guys just getting more – or is there something else that's driving you to wind down the sales growth?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think certainly given the experience of 2015 and 2014, and obviously we were projecting at least 0.5% growth in electric demand or electric consumption on the retail side in those prior years, we brought it down a little. There's no question about that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: What do you think is going on?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think there may be a couple of things here. And we ask ourselves – we have all kinds of meetings saying, what the hell is going on? But first of all, many companies in our industry were projecting far stronger growth than we have projected, and they haven't seen it develop either. My own view, and this is strictly a personal view and anecdotal, but just based on years of experience, I think there are three things going on. 2014 and 2015 may be a bit of an aberration from a small commercial and residential standpoint. 2014 and 2015, the weather was just mild is probably the best word, mild summers, mild winters, just no abnormally high or abnormally low temperatures, but no persistence of a weather trend. And one of the things that weather normalization techniques does not pick up is the lack of, say, 15 days of 90-degree weather. If you have two days of 90-degree weather, you can do the weather normalization. But I don't think it picks up the fact that you didn't have any persistent weather one way or another and persistent weather drives consumption and drives usage. So, I think one thing that has happened is we haven't seen a really good long heat wave and even though last winter was a little bit colder than normal, it was spotty. It wasn't 15 days in a row of 10 degrees. So, in my mind, the jury is still out related to longer-term growth. If we get back to a year in which we have some consistent and persistent weather patterns. That's number one. But number two, I don't think there's any question that we're seeing more residential conservation in the last couple of years. I don't think there's any question about that. And when you think about why that may be, I mean, it really comes down to technology. You've heard me say before that if you replace a big screen television that you may be bought seven or eight years ago with a brand new one, you're probably going to use 60% to 80% less electricity. Your iPad requires less energy to charge than your computer screen standalone. You buy a new washer and dryer. They're far more energy efficient, same thing with refrigerators. You have the Nest thermostats. There's just a lot more technology available to customers. So essentially, what we're kind of seeing here is our customer growth, which continues to be good, being offset by conservation.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. There have been some articles about these coal dust complaints by neighbors in around Oak Creek. Can you comment on that in terms of how should we think about that?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Well, first of all, let me just reiterate that we have air monitors that continually give us data on emissions from the Oak Creek plant, and we are well within compliance with all the air standards, number one. Number two, there are a number of homes in the general vicinity of the Oak Creek plant where individuals have indicated they are having health problems, and they believe it's because of the infiltration of coal dust in their homes. So, what we've agreed to do and what we're in the process right now is we have agreed with those homeowners on a testing protocol, and we are having a firm (1:03:55) go into each one of these homes and through samples collected them from various places in the homes of these individuals. And then we're having a lab analyze the dust samples and indicate to all of the homeowners – we're sending them over, explaining what is in their dust samples. Right now, the scene would indicate that there are health problems, at least from our expert standpoint, nothing that would indicate that there are health problems from any prevalence of dust.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then back to the deleveraging potential, what would be the security or what would be the interest rate that you guys might be thinking about retiring? In other words, if you were to pay down debt at the parent, what are we thinking about in terms of the cost of that debt?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the average cost of the debt was 2.21%.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Well, let's separate, I think it's important to kind of separate out the debt. There's the acquisition debt, which is the 2.21% as Gale just pointed out, and then there's all the other debt at the holding company.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Example of which is the hybrid security that flips the floating at the end of this year. That's I believe paying 6.11% right now. And there's also some longer-term debt instruments at the holding company. Think of the hybrids and those longer-term bonds is what we're targeting for takeout, not the 2.21% debt.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So the 6.11% would be the sort of pre-tax benefit you guys would see from buying it back, is that right? What you're thinking – I mean, obviously, (1:05:43) acquisition team may browse. But is that kind of what we're thinking about in terms of what the cost of the securities you're thinking of retiring potentially would be?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's one good example or if it wasn't retired and again, we're assessing what the best options are here. If it wasn't retired, it flips to a very low floating interest rate, right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right. I mean, that's why I'm sort of wondering about it. I mean, it would seem to me, what we're seeing is a lot of leverage that's being deployed in terms of acquisitions that are being proposed and what have you recently. And I'm just wondering given the cost of debt, it doesn't usually look like that big a bang for the buck. And I just wonder if you'd elaborate a little bit more in terms of you're thinking process about that. Your credit ratings for the most part are pretty strong. So, I mean, I'm just sort of thinking about sort of why you guys are bringing this up now and sort of what might be driving that?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll give a shot at that. I think the real answer to your question is we wanted to show the range of options that we have for beneficial use of the cash that's coming from bonus depreciation. And clearly, our preferred option is to benefit customers from that cash with projects that really are useful and needed for reliability. So that's option one, two, three, four, and five. And, as Allen mentioned, there may be – in the latter part of that five-year period for bonus depreciation, there may be the emergence of some transmission projects or generation projects for compliance with the Clean Power Plan. So all of those things are kind of preferred options. But if none of those things or if not all of them came to pass, we also have an option to further deleverage beyond the plan. So, it really wasn't – we didn't mean to give you the idea that this was going to be an immediate type of a preferred priority. It is something we have in the toolbox if needed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But not perhaps all that likely to be used, depending on what opportunities are in the business as well?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's how I would look at it. It is an option, and we'll iterate as we go along for the best benefit of customers and shareholders.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much and congratulations again.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul. How are you?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I'm well. Thank you. It's February in Cleveland, and the kids in the neighborhood are wearing shorts.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Man, it's amazing, isn't it?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Crazy. As you look at Manitoba Hydro and ATC, what kind of incremental capital opportunities do you see there?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: At this point, I really can't give you an estimate.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just too early?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: It's just too early.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's too early.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And what was the fuel, under or over recovery in the fourth quarter?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In the fourth quarter we were fully recovered I think going into Q4.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: So it's...
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then your comment...
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: We'll follow offline...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll get the precise number for you and we'll get the precise number and we'll ask Colleen or Beth to give you a callback. But it was not a material impact on earnings in Q4.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then can you review your comments on Trillium and what the gain is and when you'll realize that?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll ask Allen to comment but we expect pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately $130 million. But again, that sale falls within the window of purchase price accounting adjustments. So, in terms of the report of ongoing earnings that we would provide to you next quarter, it won't have any impact on plus or minus on earnings. Allen?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much. Oh, go ahead...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. Allen was saying, yeah.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Congratulations, Allen, and happy trails (1:09:53), Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you so much. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: My favorite, Andy Levi. How are you, Andy?
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Hey. I'm doing well. I just want to say thanks, Gale. You've done a great job.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Andy. I appreciate your support.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: I appreciate your friendship over the years. And Allen, I remember meeting you when you were an IR person back at Southern. I remember saying to Paul Patterson that you'd make a great CEO one day. So, there you go.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I bet. Were you one of the first (01:10:31)?
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Seriously, Allen. You will do a great job. I know you will and...
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: I appreciate it, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: ...I congratulate you. And actually all my questions were asked and answered. So, I'm good. I'm great.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Andy, thank you so much. We'll see you soon.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium: Yeah.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hi guys.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The last guy is up. A double dip today.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah. A follow-up question. Quick new bucket, since there's been so many moving pieces here, what you expect maybe broadly speaking, the earnings contributions from WPS, We, Power The Future and Peoples, just the big buckets, for 2016, just so our models are all calibrated correctly?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'm going to look toward Pat and Scott. I've got a general idea, but they've got more specific bucket delineation than I have right in front of me.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Can I do it by segment, Jim? That might be easier on the call.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Why don't we take it by segment and like by state.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So by segment or by state, if you look at Wisconsin, maybe 16%; 11% Illinois; 2% from our MERC and MGU, so our Michigan and Minnesota Gas Utilities; maybe 10% from ATC. What does that give me, Power the Future? And Power the Future is...
Scott J. Lauber - Vice President & Treasurer: 20%.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Do the math in whatever I missed, 20%?
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: 71%, 81%, 83%, so 17%.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: 17%, somewhere in that zip code. That Scott's trustee calculator back of the envelope. We can get you something a little more crisp, but that's directionally correct.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: So then where's the 5% to 7% earnings growth coming from?
Scott J. Lauber - Vice President & Treasurer: All of those entities. It's actually 6% to 8%.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: 6% to 8% next year, then we can kind of step through that as – when we have the new investor materials, we could probably walk through where each segment is moving relative and how that could contributes to the 6% to 8%.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer: Again, we will see earnings growth from every one of those segments.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is correct.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jim.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I think that concludes our conference call for today. And if you have any further questions, the famous Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office, 414-221-2592. Thanks again, everybody. So long.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP Allen L. Leverett - President & Director
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call to review the 2015 Third Quarter Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statement, factors described in WEC Energy Group's and Integrys Holding's latest Form 10-Ks and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, WEC has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wecenergygroup.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Colleen, thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today, as we review our results for the third quarter. This, of course, is our first full quarter as a newly combined company. We formed WEC Energy Group on June 29 when we closed our acquisition of Integrys. I'll update you on our progress as a new company in just a moment. But first as always, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of WEC Energy Group; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Scott Lauber, Treasurer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President for Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. We also have one new member of our senior team with us today, Bill Guc. Bill is our new Vice President and Controller. He has more than 20 years of solid experience in our industry. Prior to the acquisition, he served as Treasurer of Integrys. Bill, welcome aboard. Turning now to the third quarter, and I'd like to remind you that we're reporting our legacy Wisconsin Energy results only through the remainder of 2015. So the financial results and the guidance that we'll be discussing have been adjusted to remove the impact of the acquisition. Pat will review our results in detail in just a few minutes. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported Wisconsin Energy adjusted standalone earnings of $0.61 a share for the third quarter of this year. That compares with adjusted earnings of $0.57 a share for the third quarter of 2014. We delivered strong results through an unusual pattern of summer weather, a cool July, a cool August, followed by an unseasonably warm September. Taking a quick look at the state of the economy, Wisconsin's unemployment rate fell to 4.3% in September, well below the national average and the lowest rate of unemployment we've seen here since back in April of 2001. And in the latest survey of the climate for business, Wisconsin was ranked the 12th best state for business by Chief Executive Magazine. This ranking represents a huge leap forward since 2010, when the state came in at 41st. In this year's third quarter, residential use of electricity surged by 11.5% compared to last year's abnormally cool summer. Also, our small commercial and industrial segment grew slightly with electricity use rising by 1.6% over the third quarter of a year ago. And deliveries of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers, excluding the iron ore mines rose by 0.6% in the quarter. Several sectors continued to show strength including food processing, printing and to Mrs. Robinson (4:12), plastics. In addition, we continue to see an uptick in customer growth across our system. We Energies is serving 6,000 more electric customers and 10,000 more natural gas customers today than we were a year ago. Now, I'd like to spend just a few minutes discussing our plans for the future of the new WEC Energy Group. When we first considered the opportunity to acquire Integrys, we weighed it against our three important criteria for evaluating any potential acquisition. And after considerable due diligence, we found that it met or exceeded all three criteria. First, it would be accretive to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Second, it would be largely credit-neutral. And third, the long-term growth rate would be equal to or greater than Wisconsin Energy's standalone growth rate. And, of course, over the past year, a number of similar deals have been announced, several as you know, in just the past few months. We're pleased that the metrics for our transaction compare very favorably to these recent announcements. We also see tremendous opportunity in the framework of the new company. WEC Energy Group has the scale, scope, technical depth, geographic reach and financial resources to thrive in our consolidating industry. We plan to leverage these strengths to deliver operational and financial benefits to all of our stakeholders, from the customers and communities we serve to the people we employ to the shareholders who count on us to create value. And with our proven leadership team, we'll incorporate best practices across the organization to streamline the operations and reduce costs. WEC Energy Group is now the eighth largest natural gas distribution company in America and one of the 15th largest investor-owned utility systems in the United States with significant opportunities for growth. Bottom line, we have the same top management team, but now with a new platform for growth, a platform focused on the energy infrastructure needs of 4.4 million customers across the Midwest. Now, let's touch on some of the key financial measures for the new company. For starters, we issued $1.5 billion of parent company debt to help finance the transaction. The all-in interest cost for the debt was 2.21% annually, an outstanding result and clearly lower than we had expected. So, for 2016, we now project growth in earnings per share for the combined company to be in the range of 6% to 8%. 6% to 8% earnings growth for next year assumes that Wisconsin Energy standalone delivers earnings of $2.72 a share this year. For the longer term, we see earnings per share growth of 5% to 7% annually, driven by operating efficiency, financial discipline and infrastructure investments that the region needs for reliability and for improved environmental performance. And on the subject of infrastructure upgrades, you may recall that we originally projected capital spending for the combined company in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion a year for the remainder of the decade and actually beyond. Now, about 120 days into the company, as we look at the spectrum of projects that need to be addressed to deliver industry-leading reliability, we're seeing even stronger investment opportunities. And in the latter part of the decade, our capital investments could range above $1.5 billion a year. With the few other minor changes to our estimates, we continue to project longer term earnings per share growth in the 5% to 7% a year range and we're comfortable at the midpoint of that range. Lastly, a reminder about our dividend policy. In June, our board of directors raised the quarterly dividend to $0.4575 a share, an increase of 8.3% over the previous quarterly rate. This is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.83 a share. You may recall this was our second dividend increase during 2015. In total, we've raised the dividend by 17.3% this year. Going forward, we're targeting as you may have heard us say a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings and we expect dividend growth to be in line with growth in earnings per share. Looking forward, we expect to return to our normal pattern of dividend action. Management typically brings the dividend proposal to the board in January of each year and we would expect to do so in January of 2016. Now, I'd like to spend just a few minutes discussing some of our operational highlights in the past quarter. First, I'm pleased to report that just two weeks ago We Energies was named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for the fifth year in a row. And in recent national studies of large utility systems, We Energies is ranked in the top quartile of the Midwest for customer service and power quality and in the top quartile nationally for customer service. In addition, Wisconsin Public Service was ranked number two in the Midwest for overall customer satisfaction among midsized utilities. We're also making progress on the Accelerated Main Replacement Project at Peoples Gas in Chicago. As you recall, this is one of the largest infrastructure modernization programs in the country. The program calls for the replacement of approximately 2,000 miles of Chicago's aging gas pipelines over the next 20 years. Some of those pipes ladies and gentlemen literally date back to the days of Abraham Lincoln. One of our most immediate and important goals is to improve the management and the performance of this project. Since we closed the acquisition, we put in place an entirely new senior leadership team at Peoples, and we built an in-house construction management group with extensive project experience. They determined that the best approach for the Main Replacement program in Chicago is a fresh start. So over the past 100 days, we've transitioned the management of the project from an outside contractor to our experienced in-house team. We've also engaged a nationally known firm to help us conduct an independent review of the cost, scope and schedule for the program. We expect to submit this review and our recommendations to the Illinois Commerce Commission by the end of November. I'm confident that the steps we're taking will ensure that Chicagoans will have a safe, modern, natural gas delivery system that they deserve. Then on the natural gas distribution side of our business in Wisconsin, I'm pleased to announce that our West Central Gas pipeline project is now complete and, as of November 1, in service. This was the largest expansion of our natural gas distribution network in company history. 85-mile line addresses reliability concerns and allows us to add a significant number of customers in the areas where propane use is the heaviest. The project came in on time and actually better than budget at just under $130 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. On the power generation side of our business, you may recall that we're working to add fuel flexibility at our Oak Creek expansion units. These units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal, but given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save our customers between $25 million and $50 million a year in fuel cost, depending on the blend. We're working now to expand our coal storage capability at the Oak Creek site and the first capital improvements inside the plant began in September during a planned outage for one of the two units. We plan to upgrade the second unit during the first quarter of next year. Our share of these investments for the new Oak Creek units is targeted at approximately $80 million, again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Next, the conversion of our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas is now more than 97% complete with only tuning and just punch list items remaining for the project. So our conversion costs will be $60 million to $62 million excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We expect to complete the work at the Valley Plant on time and on budget within the next 30 days. We also continue to make good progress on the major construction work at our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant on the border of Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. After more than 100 years of operation, we're building a new powerhouse and adding spillway capacity that will meet current federal standards. Overall, the project is on time and on budget with approximately 60% of the construction now complete. We're targeting commercial operation for the summer of 2016 and we're forecasting a total investment of $60 million to $65 million, again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Looking ahead, we continue to see significant investment opportunities as we upgrade our aging distribution networks and focus on delivering the future. We plan to provide you, as we promised, with more details on our capital investment plans for the next 10 years at the EEI Conference in just a few days. Turning to our transmission business, WEC Energy Group, I would remind you, is now a 60% owner of American Transmission Company. And as you may have seen, ATC recently updated its 10-year capital plan. The plan has slightly lower growth in the near term, but it calls for ATC to invest $3.7 billion to $4.5 billion between now and 2024 to bolster the reliability of the grid. This latest projection is up from the previous 10-year plan. That previous plan, as you recall, had an investment ranging from $3.3 billion to $3.9 billion. As I've said in the past, we welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment to the transmission business. On a final note, we've completed our evaluation of the compressed natural gas business that we inherited with the acquisition of Integrys. That business is known as Trillium CNG. We've determined that the enterprise has value, but does not fit our focus on our core regulated business. As a result, we're now seeking a new owner for Trillium. So in summary, ladies and gentlemen, these are exciting times, filled with opportunity for our company, and we believe we have a very bright future ahead. Now, for more details on our third quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2015 third quarter Wisconsin Energy standalone adjusted earnings were $0.61 a share. That compares to adjusted earnings of $0.57 a share for the corresponding quarter in 2014. Our adjusted earnings exclude the Integrys company's earnings and the impacts of the acquisition. They are also adjusted for the shares issued in connection with the merger. To facilitate comparisons with last year's third quarter, my discussion of results will focus primarily on legacy Wisconsin Energy. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes the results of the Integrys company and has a full GAAP to adjusted reconciliation. We will continue this practice for the remainder of 2015. First, I'll focus on operating income for Wisconsin Energy and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Third quarter adjusted consolidated operating income was $262.2 million as compared with adjusted income of $249.1 million in 2014. That's an improvement of $13.1 million. Starting with Utility Energy, adjusted operating income in the third quarter totaled $168.5 million for 2015, an improvement of $10.1 million from the third quarter of 2014. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, weather helped our earnings by $27.6 million. We had a warmer than normal September in 2015 and a very cool third quarter in 2014. We were also helped by $12 million of improved fuel recoveries and $10.1 million from the impact of the 2015 rate case. On the downside, we saw an increase in utility operations and maintenance costs of $36 million, primarily driven by increased regulatory amortizations, the timing of projects and certain benefits costs. And we also saw increased depreciation expense of $3.6 million associated with higher capital expenditures. Combining these and other factors results in a $10.1 million increase in adjusted utility operating income in the third quarter of 2015 compared with the same quarter last year. Our non-utility operating income was $93.2 million, which is $1.2 million higher than the prior year due to additional investment in our Oak Creek expansion units. Our adjusted corporate and other improved slightly by $1.8 million over the previous year. Taking these changes together, you arrive at Wisconsin Energy's third quarter adjusted operating income of $262.2 million. This is a $13.1 million improvement over the third quarter of 2014. During the third quarter of this year, earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $17.6 million, a decline of $400,000 compared to the same period in the prior year. As we previously mentioned, ATC has established reserves in light of recent appeals to the FERC regarding authorized returns for regional transmission organizations. These earnings only reflect Wisconsin Energy's standalone share of ATC's results. Other income net increased by $900,000, driven by higher AFUDC, and our adjusted net interest expense increased by $700,000, primarily because of higher utility debt levels. Wisconsin Energy's standalone income tax expense rose by $4 million for the quarter. We expect that Wisconsin Energy's standalone effective tax rate for the calendar year will be between 37% and 38%. WEC Energy Group's effective income tax rate, driven by a onetime adjustment related to the acquisition of Integrys, is expected to be between 38% and 39% for 2015. Combining all of these items brings you to adjusted net income of $138.2 million, or $0.61 a share for the third quarter of 2015. Turning now to operating cash flows. We have provided information in your earnings packet for the consolidated WEC Energy Group exclusively on a GAAP basis and, thus, this includes three months of result from Integrys. We believe this will be a more accurate indicator of the cash position of the company. During the first nine months of 2015, WEC Energy Group's operating cash flow totaled $1.073 billion, which is a $39 million improvement over the first nine months of 2014. Operating cash flows were helped by improved working capital, lower natural gas prices dropped accounts receivable balances and reduced the cost of gas and storage. Legacy Wisconsin Energy's year-to-date operating cash flows in 2015 were about $100 million lower as compared to 2014. As previously discussed, we contributed $100 million to our pension plans in 2015. No such contributions were made during 2014. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio as of September 30, 2015 is 50.3%. This ratio reflects the Integrys acquisition and treats half of the WEC Energy Group's hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. We continue to use cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options, and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. For comparison purposes, the sales information I'll discuss next will reflect results for We Energies only. Actual third quarter retail deliveries rose by 0.9%. Excluding the iron ore mines, retail deliveries increased by 4.4%. Weather-normalized retail deliveries, again excluding iron ore mines, were flat compared to the third quarter of 2014. Looking at the individual customer segments, we saw weather-normalized residential deliveries rise by 1.4%, and as Gale mentioned, actual residential deliveries rose by 11.5%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, weather-normal quarterly deliveries fell by 0.7%. Actual deliveries rose by 1.6%. And in the large commercial and industrial segment, deliveries for the third quarter of 2015 fell by 8.2%. Excluding the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial deliveries rose by 0.6%. Our year-to-date weather-normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation dropped 0.4% compared to the same period in 2014. Our actual gas deliveries, again, excluding gas used for power generation were down 6.7% compared to the polar vortex driven gas sales last year. Moving to other items of interest. In September of 2015, Wisconsin Gas issued a $200 million, 10-year bond at a coupon of 3.53%. In part, this new bond is replacing $125 million bond with a coupon of 5.2% that comes due in December. Turning now to our 2015 earnings forecast. For the remainder of the year, we will continue to guide based on adjusted standalone earnings for Wisconsin Energy. And again, for your reference, adjusted earnings exclude the results of Integrys, exclude the impacts of the acquisition and adjust for the additional shares that were issued as part of the acquisition. Wisconsin Energy's adjusted earnings through the third quarter are $2.10 per share. Taking into account the impact of a relatively warm October as we enter the heating season and assuming normal weather for the rest of the quarter, we project our fourth quarter adjusted earnings to be $0.62 per share. Thus, the 2015 adjusted earnings forecast for Wisconsin Energy is $2.72 a share. At $2.72, Wisconsin Energy's regulated utilities will earn at or near their allowed rates of return. So again, we project our fourth quarter adjusted earnings to be $0.62 per share. Finally, I'd like to announce our earnings guidance for 2016. As Gale mentioned, we forecast earnings per share growth for WEC Energy Group to be in the range of 6% to 8% off a projected base of $2.72 a share. Therefore, our guidance for 2016 is in the range from $2.88 a share to $2.94 a share. This projection assumes normal weather and excludes any potential remaining acquisition-related costs. Again, our guidance for 2016 is $2.88 per share to $2.94 per share. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Terrific. Pat, thank you. Overall, we're solidly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: And now we would like to take your questions. Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jonathan. How are you today? Well, Jonathan, I know it's tough.
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: Or muted.
Operator: And Jonathan, please make sure your line is not on mute.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First-time caller, long-time listener I think. All right. Why don't we go to the next call?
Operator: Yes, sir. Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: How's your mute button, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good afternoon. I'm still here.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good. How are you doing?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Quite well. Thank you. Perhaps just to kick off the conversation, the comment on the latter part of the decade, around the $1.5 billion, could you, one, elaborate around what would be driving that? What would the investment be? Where would it be oriented? And then also confirm for us, would that require equity or is the balance sheet in a sufficient place to deal with the incremental capital?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First of all, let me just reiterate, no expectation of additional equity, period. And then, in terms of the types of projects that we're seeing, we'll give you some really granular detail at the EEI Conference on the 10-year capital spending and on the uptick that we're seeing in the latter part of the decade. But let me just say, in general, we're seeing additional requirements, additional capital spending for upgrades and expansion particularly with natural gas in Wisconsin, and for that matter, in Minnesota. So, they're really infrastructure projects; they're the kinds of things we have been talking about. But as we looked across – as I mentioned, across the spectrum of projects now with the new combined company, we're really seeing infrastructure needs that are going to drive the capital spending higher. Now, if you recall, as we made the acquisition, we indicated that we would – our number one priority, if there were legitimate needed projects, would be to deploy some of our positive free cash flow to that type of investment. So, basically, what we're saying is that over the course of the last 120 days, as we've really refined our estimates and looked at the spectrum of projects, we're seeing higher capital spend out in those years, largely delivery networks, a lot of it gas.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Excellent. And then, let me cut back, and I know this is a little preempting next week a bit, but you talk about the fresh start, to use your words, does that impact the timing of the CapEx on the people side of the business, and perhaps what drove you to come to that conclusion? Can you elaborate a little bit on what exactly that means?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The answer is certainly for this year and for the near term, I wouldn't expect any change in the capital projections for Peoples Gas. And from the standpoint – and let me explain. There are only so many streets you can dig up in Chicago at one time. So in essence, we are physically limited as to how much progress you can make in any given year in terms of the gas-main replacement program of those 2,000 miles of pipes under the streets of Chicago. So that – I mean, there's a governing factor that is driven mostly by just the physical capability of how many streets can you dig up and repair. That's number one. Number two, related to the fresh start, I mean, as you may recall, there was a Commission-mandated audit of the management of the program. It was a rather critical audit. The prior management had outsourced the management of this project, and we really felt like bringing in an experienced construction management team was very important to the future of the project and to managing that project well. And that team has looked at the project controls and all of the other issues that they found, and that's why we've decided to go back with a fresh start, with a whole new bottoms-up analysis, and you will see when we file publicly on November 30 what our long-term cost projections are and what our immediate priorities will be.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. Thank you all. See you soon.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look forward to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: How are you doing, Jim.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I'm good. How are you, Gale?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're good.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Hey, I'm looking for some Bucks tickets. Know anyone who could get me some? Okay. On to more important topics. First thing, besides the Bucks, Trillium book value and the tax basis and what your expected uses of proceeds are?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll talk to Allen about that, but I believe the book value is around $130 million.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. That's basically similar?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, it's probably three-quarters of that.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Switching over to cash flow, I'm not trying to become a debt analyst, but the – and you guys over the years have been very helpful with earnings guidance and dividend expectations, but less so on the cash flow side of things. So when you look at your FFO productions, can you just book-end how much of that FFO comes from, say, Power the Future, and then if you add in Illinois, relative to the total FFO amount?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jim, we don't have that kind of detail in the room with us today. I mean, we can...
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We can, off line, kind of give you some broad estimates, but we just don't have – I mean, we want to give you the right kind of answers. We just don't have that specificity in the room with us today. The entire brain thrust is here, but we don't have that kind of specificity.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. And then are you seeing any – well, we'll talk about that offline. But as a follow-up to that, are you seeing any calls on your cash in the near term to intermediate term? Intermediate being defined as, say, two years to three years. This year, you did your pension contribution for the first time. Is there any changes with respect to like deferred taxes and the like?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, obviously, the short answer is no. However, there's going to be a lot of developments particularly towards the end of the year, and specifically related to whether or not Congress renews or extends bonus depreciation.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Right.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For many companies including ours, that's a very big number. Now, from a cash standpoint, we have not factored in the potential uptick of bonus appreciation, again, from a cash standpoint in 2016 or beyond. We're just very conservative from that standpoint. We're not going to make any assumptions until we see the legislation actually signed and in place. But those are very – those could be – that could be a very big swing.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: No, I get it. Okay. And then the last question still on this debt analyst path, fixed debt versus variable debt. If I did my math correctly on the combined entity, the debt is basically entirely fixed that you have. I think there's a few resets that switch over to variable in the next three years to five years. But nothing really to get worked up about in the event that Fed finally decides to start moving rates. Is that correct?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, gosh, yeah. I mean, the lion's share of our debt is absolutely fixed. You are correct. There are a couple of hybrid issuances, one at legacy WEC, one at Integrys, that could switch over in 2017 and 2016, 2017 for us, 2017 for legacy WEC, 2016 for Integrys that could switch over. But they switch over even if the Fed raised rates a little at incredibly low levels, like LIBOR plus 2.12%. I mean, so they're very competitive, if they do – when they do switch over.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Super. That's all I had. Thanks, guys. See you in Florida.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look forward to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good afternoon, Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Jonathan. Did that mute button sick?
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: There's some rumor I might have fallen asleep here.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We were that scintillating in the call, huh?
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I thought I needed to refute that.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: How are you doing, Jonathan, other than those naps are wonderful.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. So, one – just a couple of small things, your O&M, as we think about pro forma and where it came in, in the quarter. Is $500 million a quarter a decent run rate expectation, just as we're wrestling with the pro forma model?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're looking at each other here. It's within the ballpark, maybe a hair high, but it's within the ballpark.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, we have one other. Just as we think about TEG in fourth quarter and try unfolding that in, we're likely to see a dilution in Q4, or possibly accretion given the winter waiting?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, I wouldn't think you'd see dilution in Q4, but remember, one of the reasons why, Jonathan, we're focusing on legacy WEC performance for the remainder of the year is there are – as we go through purchase price accounting, as we go through transition costs, as we go through any remaining acquisition costs, which should be very small at this point, there are a lot of moving pieces and a lot of one-time things that affect the Integrys performance financially from a reporting standpoint in the fourth quarter. So, again, we think it's almost fruitless to try to give you a GAAP number, and to concentrate on the GAAP number for the Integrys performance in the fourth quarter. Having said that, January 1, 2016 is combined company rock and roll.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, from 2016, you're going to give – you're not going to keep doing this through the year after the close or anything like that?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely not. You will see combined results. That's what we will focus on. That's what we report. And Jonathan, that's what our earnings guidance that Pat just gave you for 2016 is based on.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good. Okay. Great. Well, thank you very much, and thanks for the insights.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome, Jonathan.
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: (35:14).
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hey. How are you doing?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're great. How about you, Paul?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm managing...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Now, the last time I asked about wonderful and award-winning, and you weren't quite there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Well, I'm always striving. Always striving (35:34).
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Okay. We'll try to be helpful.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I want to turn to the accelerated main replacement program in Illinois.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So now it looks like the projections are that it'll be considerably more CapEx, I would assume. Could you give us a flavor for how much we should be seeing annually that being driven by and just sort of the causation that we're seeing there and also the rate impact, I guess, cumulatively over this period of time? I mean, it just seems like a lot that we're reading about.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. And I appreciate you're asking the question. Let me clarify two or three very key points here. First of all, this was designed initially to be a 20-year program. When we walked into the door after the acquisition, there had been an estimate, a revised estimate made by the previous outsourced firm that the cost might rise to as much as, say, $8 billion over the 20-year period. I don't think the previous management had confidence in that estimate. We did not have confidence in that estimate. That's why we brought in our experienced team and another outside nationally known firm to basically take a complete bottoms-up review. Having said that, the legislation that enables this program to move forward with current and appropriate cost recovery caps the amount of capital spending on this program at roughly $250 million a year. From what I have seen personally over the last 120 days, it would be extremely difficult. I mentioned earlier there are only so many streets you can dig up, and you can't do a lot of this work in the dead of winter. So, from a weather standpoint and just a sheer congestion and major city standpoint, I don't think you could technically just physically spend much more than about $250 million a year anyway. So, I wouldn't make the assumption. I think it'd be an inappropriate assumption that we would be spending much more on that advanced main replacement program in any given year than $250 million to $300 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Does that help, Paul?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: It does help. And I guess in terms of that $8 billion number which clearly you guys are reviewing, I mean, when do you think we're going to get or when will you guys get a better idea about what the – would you be able to share with us what you think the actual number will be? And I'm just wondering, I mean, you talk about digging up streets and stuff. I mean, there are some things that you hear about and which you could do things without digging up the street, if you follow me, in terms of like liner or stuff and what have you, I don't know. I'm just wondering whether or not...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're going to try fracking down there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Well, that will solve some transportation issues.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That'll solve the problem, exactly. I mean, there are – there's something called keyhole technology which we are experimenting with right now. But having said that, just the sheer logistics, I would still believe that given the weather constraints and the sheer logistics, we're probably physically capped at the $250 million to $300 million a year. Now, you asked, when are we going to see more specific estimates? Well, the date is November 30. We've promised the Illinois Commerce Commission that we will file on November 30, our longer-term cost estimates for the 20-year period. Now, as you know, trying to estimate precisely the cost of the construction program that is going to span 20 years, you know the only thing we're going to be is wrong. So, we will probably give a range of values. We'll probably have a low case, a medium case, and a high case. And then I would expect that what we will really focus on is, okay, those are projections but what are we going to do in the next three years to make the most progress in getting that natural gas delivery system as safe and efficient as possible? I think you'll see a broad range for a lengthy period of time, so low case, high case, medium case. And then we will really focus on what we plan to do in the next three years and what the cost of that is, and what the progress will be. And all of that look forward to November 30.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Now in terms of rate impact, and I think – I'm glad you asked that question. The legislation basically caps at that $250 million to $300 million a year. Caps consumer rate increases at an average of 4%. But it's very important to understand what that 4% is based on. That 4% is based on what we call base rates. So, base rates make up like less than a third of a residential customer's gas bill. The rest is the commodity. So we're not talking about tremendous rate pressure here. We're talking about 4% off of – we're talking about basically 4% on a third of the total customer bill each year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Great. And then I guess just, when you say the 20 years, I mean this project's been going on for some time. I mean...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Not really.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: ...or it hasn't? Because I mean, so we're not talking 2030, or are we talking – what is the date and time we're talking about I guess?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Officially, I mean there was some work done I think in 2012 and 2013, but basically under the legislation, really March 2014. I think that the hope was that a lot could be accomplished by 2030. Again, we're taking a hard, fresh bottoms-up look at this, but we're talking about a very extensive period of time. And the one thing – and I've spent a lot of time personally in Chicago with the team over the last couple of months, and the one thing that is very clear to me is that from the Mayor's office to the common council to the Illinois Commerce Commission, there is outstanding and common agreement that this program has to move forward. It has to be done efficiently. It has to be managed well, but Chicago has to have the modern efficient system that it deserves.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're more than welcome, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Rock and roll, Michael.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, Gale. Congrats on a good quarter. Real quickly, just when you think about transmission spend and the CapEx change at ATC, can you frame how much of the near-term, meaning the next two to three years, has changed relative to what was prior – previously in the public domain?
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP: There's very little change. I mean, when you look at 10-year plan to 10-year plan, Michael, there's really very little change in the frontend. I'm sure you've seen these – if you look at the 10-year estimates, the previous estimates were in the range of $3.3 million to $3.9 million. The new estimates are in the range of $3.7 million to $4.5 million. So over a 10-year period, they're talking about somewhat more capital spending. But in the very short term, which I think was the source of your question, two years to three years, not seeing a heck of a lot of change, which is kind of what you would expect, because these projects take a long time to get approved and then they're typically multi-year in nature.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And when you think about the next two to three, three to four years at ATC, how much of those projects have already received siting, already received permitting, are kind of close to shovel-ready or are virtually shovel-ready now?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: Well, I would say anything two years out is virtually...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Done, yeah.
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director: ...is already – you've gone through the approvals, because again going back to what I said, the projects are typically multi-year. And then as you get farther and farther out obviously, less and less would already have gone through the regulatory process.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Allen is exactly right. If you think about the gestation period on some of these larger projects, they can be – from conceptual, design to approval, they could be five years. So, I think you could clearly conclude what Allen is saying that the next couple of two, three years, virtually everything they've included is largely through the approval process.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And when you're looking at demand on the gas utility side, how different do you see demand, or how much do you expect demand to differ in Wisconsin relative to Illinois and some of the other Integrys service areas?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would expect, given normal weather conditions, demand in Wisconsin and Minnesota and, to some extent, Michigan to grow more strongly than Illinois simply because there's just not a lot of propane use in the City of Illinois. By contrast, Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota are three of the 10 heaviest using – heaviest propane using states in the U.S. And, for example, in Minnesota, recently, there was legislation passed that in essence reduces the upfront hook-up cost for customers to switch over to the natural gas delivery network that allows more of those capital costs to be basically put into rate base as opposed to the individual customer having to pay more or hooking into the system, and that was done because of the very significant concern in Minnesota about what happened in 2014 during the polar vortex with propane supplies. So, we would expect Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan, in terms of gas demand and growth in gas customers, to be stronger.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks, guys. Much appreciated.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. See you in Florida, Michael.
Michael Jay Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sounds great.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Paul. How are you today?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Well, Gale. Yourself?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're doing well. (46:04).
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Oh, yeah. You got me, I'm not going to go there, okay? Now, that you've had kind of a few months to digest the transaction, can you kind of give us an update on maybe what you're seeing as potential synergy opportunities?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me start by saying that we really have not had any major negative surprises. Essentially, I think we did a good job of due diligence in what we're seeing in terms of the best practices, in terms of driving costs down, in terms of more efficient operations. I think all the potential we saw is really there. So, I would first say the one upside for the past 120 days is the clear identification of infrastructure upgrades beyond what we thought in our due diligence and that led to what I discussed about the higher capital spending on rate base opportunities here in the latter part of the decade. In terms of cost reductions, remember this transaction was far more about growth than about cost reductions. The cost reductions we have estimated basically will be needed in any given year to help us make sure we earn our allowed rates of return. So, again, I don't want to make – I want to make sure that no one is thinking that there are going to be huge cost savings that are then going to somehow result in earnings above the allowed rates of return. That's not the plan, and that's not what we're seeing. I will say this, though, I think long term, there will be significant and tangible savings. There's no question about that. And even in Wisconsin, let me reiterate what we said earlier, and that is over the next 10 years, I see in a combination of capital cost savings and O&M savings, at least $1 billion of cost savings. Again, that's a combination of capital and O&M. And the first tangible result of that was when we were able to – with the Commission's approval, we were able to take off the table the need for Wisconsin Public Service to build a Fox 3, which was a combined cycle natural gas unit that had been planned. And that's a $600 million investment that we can postpone for a very long time. So that's a tangible savings for customers right there. We will see, over time, for example, in just having to build only one, and it's being built by Integrys right now, only one new major customer information and billing system, the project is called ICE, and those projects are about $120 million, $150 million a pop. Well, we're only going to need to build one of them, and that's being built right now. So, you can see all across our operations how we can drive cost savings over time. I hope that responds to your question.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: It does. And can you – for a while, it seemed as though mining frac sand had some upside to it. What's the status of that industry?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We have about 110 frac sand, mining or processing operations in the Western part of Wisconsin. That is up from literally 10, five years ago. So that industry literally has just burgeoned over the course of the past five years, 10 to 110. Now, those 110 operations because of the price of oil, and lesser demand for frac sand, those operations are down. I think we're seeing about – of those we are serving today with natural gas, about an 11% decline this year in their natural gas demand. However, we were not serving anywhere near all of those 110 operations because we didn't have the infrastructure backbone to support that. I mentioned earlier, that our West Central Gas expansion project is now complete; that 85-mile line. That will allow us to sign up more of those operations. So, we're going to see growth in the therms that we deliver to that industry in Western Wisconsin over time, simply because we weren't serving that many of them during the boom times. As I said, they are down about 11% in terms of therms now, but we're going to be serving more of them, now that we have completed the West Central line. In fact, one of the major frac sand operators has just signed a contract with us to switch over from propane to natural gas. And remember, the ones we're not serving now are basically drying their sand with propane and their preference would be to move to less costly, more predictable natural gas. Does that respond to your question?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Perfectly. And then, lastly, just on the fresh look on main replacement, which way do you think that $8 billion number goes?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: When we have a firm number and file it on November 30, you'll be the first to know.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I look forward to your call.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you again for taking part. If you have any other questions, please feel free call to Colleen Henderson or Beth Straka and the direct line to call is 414-221-2592. Have a good afternoon everybody.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc. J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc. Allen L. Leverett - President & Director, WEC Energy Group, Inc. Stephen P. Dickson - VP & Controller, WEC Energy Group, Inc.
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker) Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Research Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to WEC Energy Group's Conference Call to review the 2015 Second Quarter Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statement, factors described in WEC Energy Group's and Integrys Holding's latest Form 10-Ks and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by each company could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, WEC has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wecenergygroup.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of WEC Energy Group.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us, as we review our second quarter results. As I'm sure you know, on June 29 we acquired Integrys in a $9 billion transaction to form WEC Energy Group. We now serve 4.4 million electric customers and natural gas customers across four Midwestern states. I'll provide you with much more detail on the new company shortly, but first, as always, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of WEC Energy Group; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. I'd also like to welcome Beth Straka, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now, many of you know Beth from her work over the past decade or so as one of the more perceptive analysts covering our industry. I want to tell you we've forgiven her for that, and we're delighted that she's with us. Turning now to the second quarter, Pat will review our financial results in detail a bit later on the call, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported adjusted earnings of $0.59 a share for the second quarter of this year. That compares with adjusted earnings of $0.59 a share for the second quarter of 2014. I should point out that the numbers we're reporting to you today reflect Wisconsin Energy only. Since the acquisition closed on June 29, Integrys earnings were immaterial. Taking a very quick look now at the state of the economy, Wisconsin's unemployment rate stood at 4.6% in June, well below the national average. Deliveries of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers, however, excluding the iron ore mines, fell by 1.4% in the second quarter. But several sectors showed strength including plastics, printing, and food processing. Also, our small commercial and industrial segment is growing, with electricity use rising by 2.3% over the second quarter of a year ago. In addition, we continue to see an uptick in customer growth across our system. New electric service connections are up 8.2% and new natural gas installations are up 4% compared to the same time period last year. Now I'd like to spend the next few minutes discussing our plans for the future of the new WEC Energy Group. When we first considered the opportunity to acquire Integrys, we weighed it against our three important criteria for evaluating any potential acquisition. After considerable due diligence we found that it met or exceeded all three criteria. First, it would be accretive to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Second, it would be largely credit-neutral. And third, the long-term growth rate would be equal to or greater than Wisconsin Energy's standalone growth rate. We also saw tremendous opportunity in the framework of the new company. WEC Energy Group has the scale, scope, technical depth, geographic reach, and financial resources to thrive in our consolidating industry. We plan to leverage those strengths to deliver operational and financial benefits to all of our stakeholders, from the customers and communities we serve, to the people we employ, to the shareholders who count on us to create value. And with our proven leadership team, we will incorporate best practices across the organization to streamline our operations and reduce costs. So what does our new footprint look like? Well, as I mentioned the new company provides electricity and natural gas to 4.4 million customers across four states through our customer-facing brands: We Energies, Wisconsin Public Service, Peoples Gas, North Shore Gas, Michigan Gas Utilities, and Minnesota Energy Resources. Our company operates in a balanced regulatory environment with greater jurisdictional diversity than before the acquisition. And of course, more than 99% of our earnings will come from regulated operations. WEC Energy Group is now the eighth largest natural gas distribution company in the country and one of the 15 largest investor-owned utility systems in the United States, with significant opportunities for growth. Of course, the majority of the earning assets we acquired are here in Wisconsin, a familiar landscape for us, and major infrastructure upgrades are underway now at Wisconsin Public Service in the northern part of the state. These investment opportunities are similar to those we have pursued over the years, on time and on budget, at We Energies. We are also in excellent position to take advantage of new customer growth across the region, especially in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota, where propane and oil users are continuing to convert to natural gas. In addition, as many of you know, Integrys and Wisconsin Energy were the two largest owners of American Transmission Company. Today WEC Energy Group has become a 60% owner of ATC. As you will recall, ATC plans to invest between $3.3 billion and $3.9 billion between 2014 and 2023 to bolster electric reliability in our service area. We believe this is a solid plan, and we welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment to the transmission business. Now I would like to briefly discuss some of the conditions we agreed to as we worked our way through the regulatory approvals for the acquisition. In Wisconsin, we committed to an earnings cap for our Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas subsidiaries. Starting in 2016, next year, we will share with our customers any earnings in excess of our allowed rate of return. The first 50 basis points of earnings above our authorized return will be split equally between the company and our customers. Then any earnings above that level will go exclusively to customers. This sharing mechanism will be in effect through 2018. We also agreed to develop an integrated resource plan detailing the joint capacity needs of Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service. We expect to file the resource plan with the Wisconsin Commission later this quarter. In Michigan, as we've discussed on previous calls, we expect to pursue the formation of a Michigan-only utility. Our customers in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan would be served by this entity. And we expressed a willingness, if requested, to invest in a new generating plant in the Upper Peninsula and/or purchase power from a new facility. This would allow for the eventual retirement of the Presque Isle Power Plant. In Illinois, we agreed to retain a minimum level of jobs in the State of Illinois for the next two years. We also committed to a two-year base rate freeze and a capital spending floor from 2015 through 2017. In a recent development this past Friday, the Citizens Utility Board, the City of Chicago and the State Attorney General's Office asked the Illinois Commerce Commission to rehear our merger order. These parties are seeking additional conditions, conditions that they previously requested during the year-long approval process. The Illinois Commission now has until August 13 to accept or deny the request. We believe the Commission's June 24 decision was correct and is supported by sound principles and by an extensive body of evidence. Now let's touch on some of the key financial metrics for the new company. For starters, as you may recall we issued $1.5 billion of parent company debt to help finance the transaction. The all-in interest cost for the debt is approximately 2.2% annually, an excellent result and clearly lower than we anticipated. So for 2016 we now project our growth in earnings per share to be in the range of 6% to 8%. The 6% to 8% growth for next year assumes that Wisconsin Energy standalone achieves earnings of $2.72 a share this year, which is the midpoint of our current 2015 guidance. So, just to clarify, we start with a base of $2.72 a share for our standalone earnings this year, and we expect the combined company to grow earnings per share in the 6% to 8% range next year. For the longer term, after 2016 we see earnings per share growth of 5% to 7% annually, driven by operating efficiency, financial discipline, and infrastructure investments that the region needs for reliability and for improved environmental performance. We look forward to providing you with additional details on our capital investment plans at the EEI Finance Conference coming up in November. Regarding our dividend policy, in June, the Wisconsin Energy Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend to $0.4575 a share. That's an increase of 8.3% over the previous quarterly rate. This is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.83 a share. Going forward we will target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. And we expect dividend growth to be in line with growth in earnings per share. Switching gears now, I'd like to update you on several of our major construction projects. On the generation side of our business, as you may recall, we're working to add fuel flexibility at our Oak Creek expansion units as part of our ongoing Power the Future initiative. These units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal; however, given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save our customers between $25 million and $50 million a year depending upon the blend. During extensive testing, we identified operational and equipment-related improvements that will be needed to sustain the higher blends of PRB coal on a long-term basis. In May, the Wisconsin Commission approved our requests for additional capital spending for plant modifications, expansion of all of our coal storage capacity, and additional coal handling equipment. We've already started work to expand our coal storage capability, and the first in-plant capital improvements are expected to be made on the first unit at Oak Creek, the Oak Creek expansion, during a planned outage this September. We plan to upgrade the second unit during the first quarter of 2016. Our share of these investments is targeted at approximately $80 million. Next, the conversion of our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. That conversion is now more than 80% complete. Total conversion costs are expected to be in the $60 million to $65 million range, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We expect to complete the project on time and on budget before the end of this year. Our Western Wisconsin natural gas expansion project, which will address natural gas reliability concerns in the western part of the state, is now more than 75% complete and is running on time and better than budget. We expect to complete this new 85-mile natural gas pipeline in the fourth quarter of this year at a cost actually well below the $175 million budget, a budget that again excludes allowance for funds used during construction. Looking forward, we continue to see significant investment opportunities in Wisconsin Energy's traditional business as we upgrade our aging distribution networks and focus on Delivering the Future. Just to remind you, Wisconsin Energy's standalone capital budget calls for spending $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion over the five-year period 2015 through 2019, and our 10-year standalone capital budget calls for investing between $6.6 billion and $7.2 billion over the period 2015 through 2024. Now before I turn the call over to Pat, I would also like to discuss our plans for the accelerated main replacement program at Peoples Gas in Chicago. Just to refresh your memory, this is one of the largest infrastructure modernization programs in the country. The program calls for the replacement of approximately 2,000 miles of Chicago's aging gas pipeline system over the next 20 years. Some of these pipes, ladies and gentlemen, literally date back to the time of the Civil War. One of our immediate and most important goals is to improve the management and performance of this project. Our first step was to appoint a new senior management team at Peoples: a new President, a new Vice President for construction, a new operations Vice President, and a new Vice President for customer service. All of them are proven, experienced leaders from the Wisconsin Energy system. Over the past three weeks, our team has conducted a thorough evaluation of the accelerated main replacement program. They have determined that the best approach is a fresh start. We have begun transitioning the management of the project to in-house personnel; previously the project was managed by an outside contractor. Going forward, we also plan to engage a nationally recognized firm to help conduct an independent, bottom-up review of the cost, scope, and schedule for the program. This past Monday we notified the Illinois Commerce Commission of our decisions, and we will incorporate these decisions into a broader transition plan. This broader transition plan will address the recommendations made by Liberty Consulting Group in their audit of the program. The Liberty audit was completed earlier this year at the request of the Illinois Commerce Commission. I am confident that the steps we are taking will ensure that Chicagoans get the safe, modern natural gas delivery system that they deserve. In conclusion, these are exciting times, filled with opportunity for our new combined company and we believe we have a very bright future ahead. We will build an enduring enterprise by focusing on the fundamentals: world-class reliability, operating efficiency, financial discipline, and exceptional customer care. And now for more details on our second quarter performance and our outlook for the remainder of 2015, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat.
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2015 second quarter adjusted earnings were $0.59 a share. That's the same as our adjusted earnings for the corresponding quarter in 2014. Costs related to the acquisition of Integrys Energy reduced earnings by $0.24 per share in the second quarter of 2015 and $0.01 per share in the second quarter of 2014. Because of the timing of the acquisition, earnings results this quarter are exclusively from Wisconsin Energy. Going forward, our consolidated earnings will include the operating results of the Integrys companies. Please note that the balance sheet included in this quarter's earnings package does incorporate the Integrys balance sheet. Consistent with past practice, I will discuss operating income for Wisconsin Energy's two business segments, and then discuss other income, interest expense, and income taxes. Excluding acquisition related costs, second quarter consolidated operating income was $232.5 million, as compared with $245.8 million in 2014. That's a decline of $13.3 million. Starting with the utility energy segment, operating income in the second quarter totaled $140.4 million for 2015, a decline of $14.8 million from the second quarter of 2014. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, our earnings were helped by $9.5 million because of the impacts of the 2015 rate case and by $3.4 million related to improved fuel recoveries. On the downside, we saw an increase in utility operations and maintenance costs of $18.5 million, primarily driven by increased regulatory amortizations, the timing of projects, and certain benefit costs. We estimate that weather reduced our margins by $4.8 million and we also saw increased depreciation expense of $4.2 million. Combining these and other factors results in the $14.8 million decline in utility operating income in the second quarter of 2015, compared with the same quarter in the prior year. Operating income in our non-utility energy segment was $93.5 million, which is $1.8 million higher than the prior year. Our corporate and other segment, which includes corporate costs of smaller affiliates, was essentially flat with last year's second quarter. Taking the changes for these segments together, you arrive at the second-quarter operating income before acquisition-related costs of $232.5 million, a $13.3 million decline as compared to the second quarter of 2014. In addition, for the second quarter of 2015 we recognized $66.7 million of acquisition-related costs associated with benefit plan agreements, legal and banking fees, and other costs. Overall these costs were in line with our expectations. During the second quarter of 2015, earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled $14.3 million, a decline of $3.2 million from the same period in the prior year. As we mentioned in the first quarter, ATC has established reserves in light of recent appeals to the FERC related to authorized returns for regional transmission organizations. Our earnings reflect Wisconsin Energy's share of ATC's results. Our other income net increased by $18 million. During the second quarter of 2015, we recognized an incremental gain of $15.2 million on the sale of the legacy asset. The purchase and sale of assets is a regular part of our business. In fact, we have a real estate development subsidiary, and this quarter's sale was part of our financial plan for the year. Our net interest expense increased by $3.1 million, primarily because of higher debt levels. Consolidated income tax expense fell by $11.1 million for the quarter. Going forward, WEC Energy Group's annual effective income tax rate, driven by a one-time adjustment related to the acquisition of Integrys, is expected to be between 38% and 39% in 2015. We expect that Wisconsin Energy's standalone effective tax rate for 2015 will be between 37% 38%. Combining all of these items brings you to the adjusted net income of $0.59 per share for the second quarter of 2015. During the first six months of 2015, our operating cash flows totaled $715.9 million, which is a $5.4 million decrease from the first six months of 2014. During 2015, we contributed $100 million to our pension plans; no such contributions were made during 2014. Operating cash flows were helped by improved working capital. For example, lower natural gas prices dropped accounts receivable balances and reduced the cost of gas and storage. Our capital expenditures totaled $356.5 million in the first six months of 2015, a $51 million increase compared to 2014. The increase was primarily driven by the increased expenditures related to the western gas lateral. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio as of June 30th, 2015 was 50.7%. This ratio reflects the Integrys acquisition, treating half of WEC Energy Group's hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. We continue to use cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options, and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We paid $190.5 million in common dividends in the first six months of 2015. That's an increase of $14.5 million over the same period last year. Weather normalized retail deliveries of electricity fell by 1.3% in the second quarter of 2015 as compared to the second quarter of 2014. Actual second quarter deliveries fell by 1.6%. Looking now at the individual customer segments, we saw weather-normalized residential deliveries drop by 3.8%. Actual residential deliveries fell 5%. Across our small commercial industrial group, weather-normal quarterly deliveries rose by 2.4%. Actual deliveries rose by 2.3%. In the large commercial industrial segment, deliveries for the second quarter of 2015 fell by 2.5%. Excluding the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial deliveries fell by 1.4%. Our year-to-date weather-normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding the gas used for power generation, were flat compared to the same period in 2014. Our actual gas deliveries, again excluding the gas used for power generation, were down 7.2% compared to the polar vortex driven gas sales last year. Our overall results for gas and electric sales in the first six months of 2015 are slightly behind our expectations for the year. Turning now to our earnings forecasts, for the remainder of 2015 we will continue to guide based on standalone Wisconsin Energy earnings. As Gale mentioned, our long-term earnings per share growth rate is based upon these standalone earnings. We will therefore make the following adjustments to the WEC Energy Group GAAP earnings. Number one, remove the impact of Integrys; number two, remove the impact of acquisition debt. As Gale noted previously, we funded the 1.5 billion cash portion of the acquisition with $1.2 billion of long-term debt and $300 million of commercial paper. This long-term debt included 3, 5, and 10-year tranches. Overall, our debt has an approximate interest cost of 2.2% annually. Number three, remove the impact of acquisition and other one-time costs such as banking and legal fees. Number four, modify effective tax rates to remove the impact of the one-time adjustment I just referred to earlier. And finally, number five, remove the impact of the additional shares issued as part of the acquisition. With that, we'll move to our 2015 guidance. We are reaffirming our 2015 standalone adjusted guidance of $2.67 a share to $2.77 a share. We are off to a strong start, but still have six months of weather ahead of us. Again, we are reaffirming our standalone adjusted guidance of $2.67 a share to $2.77 a share. And finally let's take a look at third quarter guidance. Last year's third quarter adjusted earnings were $0.57 a share, which excludes $0.01 a share related to our acquisition of Integrys. Similar to last year, our summer got off to a very slow start this year, with temperatures significantly below normal during the first 10 days of July. So taking this July weather into account, we expect our third quarter 2015 adjusted earnings to be in a range of $0.56 to $0.58 a share. That assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter and excludes any remaining transition-related costs. Once again, our third quarter 2015 adjusted guidance is $0.56 to $0.58 a share. And with that I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Pat, thank you very much. Appreciate the detail and the clarity. And overall, folks, we're solidly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: And now we would like to take your questions. Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Afternoon to you. Congrats on closing the deal finally, not too bad.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right, we'll see later this week.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Indeed we will. So perhaps the first question here out of the gate, the 5% to 7% earnings growth rate, when you are thinking about that in the context of this transaction being closed, how are you thinking about the trajectory in 2016 and reflecting some of the improvement, hopefully, in the earned ROEs across the legacy Integrys platform? And perhaps maybe could you remind us or refresh our memory of where the earned ROEs stand today, just for some background if you will.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure, I'd be happy to. Let me first start with the initial part of your question. How do we think about the trajectory of earnings going forward here now that we have closed the acquisition? As you may have heard me say on the script, given everything we see today and given the terrific result that we got in terms of the annual interest cost on the parent company debt, we are projecting 2016 to have a growth rate over our standalone 2015 guidance, the midpoint of that guidance. So we are projecting 2016 to grow 6% to 8%. And then post 2016 we still see a 5% to 7% growth rate. There are a couple of important underlying assumptions that we are making and that we really feel very good about delivering related to the growth rate. The first is that we believe we can through best practices, through cost reduction, through financial discipline, and through on-time and on-budget investing in the infrastructure upgrades that are needed, we believe we can move all of the utilities that are the former Integrys utilities at or near the allowed rates of return in Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota, and of course WPS in Wisconsin. So that's a pretty important underlying assumption. And to your question of, well, where were the allowed rates of return for those utilities? Just a reminder that We Energies and Wisconsin Gas have historically earned at or very close to and in some years slightly above the allowed rates of return. With that, Pat has the specific numbers on where the other Integrys utilities have been from an ROE standpoint. Pat?
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: So, Julien, let's start with the two biggest ones. Wisconsin Public Service last year earned just above 10%; and as a reminder its authorized was 10.2%, so just underneath allowed. The second biggest or the other big one would be Peoples Gas. That last year was about 5%, and that's out of an allowed 9%. Then the other three utilities last year – that would be North Shore, Minnesota, and Michigan, two of the three hit; one was beneath, but the year before, the one that missed hit and another one didn't. So they're more or less maybe slightly underneath on average is probably the simplest way to state that. Does that help?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely, that's great. And perhaps just getting back to my question a little bit more broadly, as you think about 2016 to 2017, are you earning a full year earned ROE? Just I'm trying to think about some of the continued benefits as you flow that forward, right. So thinking about the 5% to 7% in conjunction with what is likely – I don't want to put words in your mouth too much – but what is likely still an annualizing factor into that higher level, I would imagine.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm not sure I exactly followed you, but perhaps I can answer.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Or are you expecting to earn a full year at or near the ROEs in 2016 already, just to be clear about that, or is there an annualizing factor?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Starting in 2016 we are expecting to earn a full-year annualized rate of return, yes. And let me help with that one piece, because you're probably wondering like, well, how do you go from 5% to 9% at Peoples Gas? That's a very good question, Julien. I'm glad you asked it. Peoples Gas did get a resolution of a rate case in January of this year, and I believe the allowed increase was $71 million. A lot of that, Julien, was for catch-up capital that had already been invested in the infrastructure in Chicago. So the fact that a rate case has been adjudicated and they are seeing the benefit of the $71 million increase is helpful on that front. I hope that's helpful to you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: It is indeed. And sorry to belabor it, just one last one in terms of the integrated resource plan. How are you thinking about that now? Obviously there was some shifts in the gas generation plans earlier. What is the current expectation vis-à-vis load growth as you stand today, as you close the deal? Would you expect a shift back in generation resources meaningfully from what has been discussed through the course of this merger approval?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Let me try the first piece and then we're going to let Allen give you the detail on the integrated resource plan that we'll be filing later this quarter with the Wisconsin Commission. Long story short, there is no change in terms of our long-term demand growth projection. Wisconsin Public Service and our company have pretty similar demand growth projections going forward, roughly 0.05% a year basically in electricity demand growth. Our belief, though, when you look at the portfolio of generation that the two companies have together, our belief is there can be some real synergies there. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett - President & Director, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right, and just review for everyone, Julien, who might not know the Fox Energy Center, which is a plant that's owned by Wisconsin Public Service, before agreeing to the merger with Wisconsin Energy they had planned to build a facility called Fox 3, which was going to be a natural gas fired combined-cycle unit. And then as Gale mentioned in the script, essentially what the Commission said is: Well, all right, look at the resources at both of your Wisconsin utilities and tell us overall whether that unit is still needed. So, Julien, what we've been able to do to date, we've looked just simply at what I guess I would call the capacity demand balance between the two utilities. If we look solely at the capacity demand balance, my expectation would be that you can easily defer Fox unit 3 for a number of years. The analysis that we are doing to go in addition to that capacity and demand is a bit of an energy analysis, if you will. If you look at the energy mix of the two utilities, my expectation is that it will confirm the capacity demand balance and that the unit will be deferred. But that's what we're in the process of doing. And then as Gale mentioned in the third quarter we'll do a formal filing to the Wisconsin Commission along those lines.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And Julien, the Fox 3 was estimated to be about a $600 million capital investment, which again based on our preliminary look we believe can be deferred.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you for all the color.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You are more than welcome. Good questions Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right, Greg. I want to give you a shot here. Are the Jets going to be above .500?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Based on the strength of schedule, I'm going to say yes.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Not necessarily based on the talent, on the team, but based on the strength of the schedule.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: And any kind of playoff expectations, Greg?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Well, there's always hope. Jets are used to having a lot of that.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I hope it's a good season for you. How are you doing, Greg?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Good. I just want to cut to the chase and just make sure I hear you clearly. Making all the adjustments you guys laid out, you were very articulate. We should expect you to still be inside the guidance range pre-Integrys. And then we should expect on a full run rate, merger-integrated basis for fiscal year 2016 that you will grow 6% to 8% earnings off that number?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That is correct. You've nailed it.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, perfect. So you've taken into account everything that's going on including the one-time impact of this legacy asset sale. You think that everything in the stewpot, that's a number you can hit?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We're certainly expecting to do so. But let me mention this one-time thing you mentioned about the one-time legacy asset sale. We have with the combined company like $29 billion of assets. I think every year, Greg, since I've been here we've had some type of asset sale. And remember we also have a real estate subsidiary that develops and sells property. So it's part of our ongoing, it's just part of what we do. And I would suspect you want us to do this, because it's part of maximizing the value of our assets.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: No, completely understand. I just wanted to be clear on it. My second question is as we think about your cash flow profile, pro forma for the deal, still superior and differentiating factor about your investment thesis relative to almost any other utility, given the robust cash flow nature of the Power the Future assets. How should we think about the cash flow deployment priorities of the company as they are built into that 6% to 8%, going to 5% to 7%, expectation?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: In terms of the cash flow priorities, number 1 through 10 is obviously investing in infrastructure upgrades that are very much needed for customers across the four states. And as I mentioned at the EEI Fall Finance Conference, we'll give you a lot more granular detail particularly about our next three- to five-year capital investment program. But we see tremendous need and tremendous opportunity for the use of that cash flow to upgrade the electric and natural gas infrastructures in the region. So that's priority number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 10 for the cash flow. And then obviously we want to maintain the 65% to 70% target for dividend payouts. And if there's any cash left over, well, we've got three doors we can go through. One is debt reduction. One would be if we can find, legitimately, additional investment opportunities and additional infrastructure projects. And then the third would be where we were before, which is a share buyback. But I would hope that and really am very hopeful that there will be additional investment opportunities that are really needed and that we can put that cash to really good use through infrastructure upgrades.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. Just to be clear, are there any specific commitments vis-à-vis the current rating and the discussions you've had with the rating agencies on how you're going to manage the parent debt balance over the next few years?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Pat? I'll let Pat answer that.
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: What we talked about, Greg, was the reason we tranched the acquisition debt is that our expectation is that as each tranche matures or comes to its end, we will have sufficient cash flow to be able to not renew that tranche. So in other words we plan to take it out. In addition to that I might add that we're also looking at what I'm just going to call balance sheet cleanup or looking at some of the other debt that is sitting out there at the Holding Company and what opportunities we've got to clean some of that up as well.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Great, questions. Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, guys.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: How are you doing, Jonathan?
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You just reiterated the 65% to 75% dividend payout target, Gale. And you obviously bumped it a little bit more than you were committed to post the merger.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes. We thought you would like that, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. My question is it looks like the payout of the midpoint of the 2016 guidance is going to be 63%. How soon do you want to get in the range? You've typically done December increases. How should we think about that range versus what you've just been discussing around investment priorities?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, it's a question we will continue to look at between now and the end of the year. But certainly in the relatively near term, we very much want to be at least in the bottom end of the 65% to 70% range.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Then what would push you I guess broadly as you look at the earnings for the quarter, into (39:27) to the higher end of that long-term growth rate? Do you have a line of sight on what kind of things we should be looking for you to announce?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Very good question. Let me frame the answer; if Pat or Allen would like to add, I would certainly welcome them to do so. Let me frame the answer for you. There is not one single thing that could pop us to the top end of the range on a permanent basis. But if you think about our business and where we're headed, there are several factors, the biggest of which would be increased investment opportunity or increased investment requirement that we build on time and on budget and get cost recovery for. That would be the single biggest thing. In between rate cases, if you have an economic pickup and there's stronger sales growth, there are a number of things that can happen in between rate periods. But the single biggest factor that could drive us to the top end would be additional investment opportunities in infrastructure upgrades. Pat, Allen, anything you would like to add?
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, I got just a couple things I could throw in, Jonathan. I think Gale hit the main one, but other things I would think about would be opportunity sales that would help us on the fuel recovery, to the extent that our fleet is called more by the MISO. And the other would be hitting some, we talked about our ATC 10 year capital plan and the range it could be in. You are also familiar with our joint venture with Duke, the DATC. To the extent that some of those projects hit or we get to the top higher end of that capital plan, that would also help.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That's a good point, Pat. So it all comes down – well, it doesn't all, but a lot of it comes down to: are there additional investment opportunities as we go forward beyond the plan that we'll be pretty granular about with you at EEI in the fall.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. If I may, just on one other point, you talked about having filed with the ICC to tell them you're going to have a rethink around the main replacement program. Does that include some proposal for how to resolve the ongoing investigation? Or is that a separate issue? Any perspective on how we bring that to closure?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: It's a very good question. Let me be clear about the ongoing dockets. There's one very helpful ongoing docket. And let me back up and explain that. The commission, before we got involved with the potential acquisition, the commission brought in an outside consulting group by the name of Liberty Consulting to basically do a review of the management, the physical on-the-ground management of the gas main replacement project. Liberty has come back with 95 specific recommendations, most of which are very practical and all of which we agree with. So what the commission has done is they've kept that docket open and they've asked us by September, early September, to file a transition plan that in part lays out how we plan to incorporate those recommendations into our management of the program. So, I think a lot of what you're asking about has a schedule and has a definite plan for resolution. But I view the Liberty Consulting report as very helpful and certainly I know the commission has a good bit of faith in the recommendations. The recommendations are very practical. They are recommendations that we would automatically have put into our transition plan anyway. And so I think that's the way, as we take a step back and re-look the entire project from soup to nuts, from scope to schedule, to logistics, we will be incorporating the Liberty audits along the way and Liberty will also have input along the way. So, again, a schedule and a date has been set for us telling the commission how we plan to incorporate the Liberty recommendations and I think that will go a long way, in addition to the expertise that we're going to bring to this project.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you, Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Michael.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, Gale, congrats on the deal. Congrats on getting everything closed and rolling out new guidance.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: One question, though. I know you are starting from the base of a $2.72 midpoint for WEC standalone.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'm just trying to put apples – I'm worried we are comparing apples and oranges here. Because Integrys has a large gas utility presence; that means it generates or delivers a decent amount of its annual earnings in the fourth quarter. And just are you thinking that the second half of this year that Integrys would actually have contributed to our EPS? Or would it have detracted from EPS from the original standalone entity? Because a lot will depend on what your starting point is and the starting point here is a little confusing.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, I'm glad you asked the question. Let us answer it very directly. First of all, yes, we're picking up a lot of gas, gas delivery companies. And yes, they generally have a pretty good fourth quarter. They also have a lousy third quarter simply because of lack of gas demand. But let's step back here. A couple factors. First of all, the financial logic for the acquisition was that an acquisition that we would want to make, like the Integrys acquisition, would add to our earnings per share growth in the first full calendar year after closing. So, that's 2016. So, I think the logical starting point is okay; well, what would you have done standalone 2015? What would your growth rate standalone have been 2016? And is this better than that? And the answer is yes, it's better than that. So, I think if it's making any sense to you, Michael, I think we're starting with the correct starting point. But I would like to add one other factor and that is in the second half of this year there will be significant accounting adjustments. A lot of accounting noise around the acquisition, as you even saw in our second quarter adjustments. So really the GAAP numbers for Integrys, the Integrys utilities for the second half of 2015 are really going to be irrelevant to the long-run earnings capability of Integrys utilities going forward. Does that help, Michael?
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: It helps. Let me ask another follow-on question, and I can catch up with your IR team or Pat offline. When you think about how far you are in the process of evaluating things like synergy opportunities or other opportunities to benefit – I mean, merger has only been closed for not quite 30 days, actually right at 30 days.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Right.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: How early in the process do you think you are? And do you think there is upside to whatever it is you are assuming today in potential long run, multiyear benefits from the merger?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Very good question, Michael. Let me just say this. We are less than 30 days in. Right now we are very much on target in terms of our plan for follow-on integration. Everybody understands where they report. Everyone has budget targets for 2016. And we are in the process of working through every single functional area to determine where we go and what the shape of their organizations look like. So it's a little early to give you much more granular detail, but let me back up. There's nothing that we've seen that would indicate that our earlier thinking and information we've said publicly, there's nothing to indicate that that's off-track. I would expect that over the 10 years there will be a minimum of $1 billion of savings for Wisconsin customers alone in a combination of capital and operating costs. And that to me still stands as a good preliminary early estimate. So we'll keep working on it, but right now I feel very good about where we are. And let me back-up to your earlier question again. Remember the $2.72 that we're talking about as the base for 2015 is Wisconsin Energy standalone. So we're basically taking out either a positive or negative impact of Integrys utilities for the second half of the year, to give you a clean starting point, if you will that was basically the foundation for the logic of the acquisition.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. I appreciate the help, guys. I may follow up offline.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you, Michael.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Gale.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Welcome, Jim. How are you?
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I'm tired. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Tired? What, you've been listening to the Southern call too long?
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yep, that's and I'm on an airplane back from Tokyo. Hey, I have a couple questions for you. I'm confused and I'm having a little translation issue. Can you translate how much the operating efficiencies mean on a dollar basis?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm sorry, one more time?
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: I tried to avoid the S word.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you. Have we translated how much the operating efficiencies mean on a dollar basis?
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yeah. You talk about robust operating efficiencies. What does that mean on a dollar basis?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: That means basically getting to our allowed rates of return and staying there for 2016 and beyond.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. I get it, I get it. Second question, totally different is, with all the noise that's going on in the State of Illinois, can you talk about the legal precedent for changing conditions once a merger has been actually, you have an order and it has been consummated?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, generally in all past cases, for the Illinois Commerce Commission to change its order, there generally would need to be new facts or some demonstration of an error in the facts that form the basis for the merger order. In this case, none of us see new facts or errors in fact. As a matter of fact, the Attorney General's Office, CUB and the City of Chicago really didn't indicate in any way, shape, or form that there were any new facts or that there were any facts in error. So again we believe the Commission's decision was very sound, well thought through, and supported by a significant body of evidence.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. And are you guys going to give out any 2015 consolidated guidance?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No. Nope. I really think it's kind of meaningless, to be honest with you. And the accounting noise around the second half of 2015 with the adjustments, et cetera, I think it would just make your head swim. To me the most important thing is: are we delivering what we said we would from the acquisition, which is growth over and above our 4% to 6% standalone growth. And what was our basis for starting? And that's the 2015 midpoint of $2.72 a share standalone.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Well, then let me ask you this question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: If you raise the number 6% to 8% 2016 versus standalone, what prevents you from going 6% to 8% in say, 2017 and beyond?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, what would prevent us from doing that? First of all we'd have to have a plan that we would be comfortable with that would produce a 6% to 8%. And at this point in time, 29 days in, this is what we feel comfortable with and what we believe we can deliver.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. So wait for EEI is what you're saying?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I wouldn't expect that you're going to see an earnings guidance change at EEI. What you will see, though, is much more granular detail on our capital spending plans that drive the earnings growth.
James von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Great, okay. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You are welcome Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hi, Brian.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, good afternoon.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good afternoon. How are you today?
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good thanks. A lot of my questions were asked.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I've gotten you from bad the last time to good. Next time you will be wonderful and award-winning.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Right, right. Just real quickly, what is the upcoming general rate case strategy and timing for the Wisconsin utility subs?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. Well, for Wisconsin Electric if you recall we just completed our rate case last December, so our rates with future looking test years are set for 2015 and 2016. So under the normal course with the Wisconsin Commission really liking its utilities to file for a case every two years, under the normal course we would file for Wisconsin Electric in the spring of 2016 for rates that would go into effect January 1 of 2017. So that is Wisconsin Electric. Same thing applies for Wisconsin Gas. For Wisconsin Public Service, they are actually in the midst of a rate case right now, and we would expect a rate case decision as usual from the Wisconsin Commission by November or December of this year.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it. Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Hello, Andy, how are you?
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Research: Wonderful and award-winning.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Rock 'n roll. You haven't seen the lion down there, have you?
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Research: No, not yet. We are in Chicago so he hasn't come down our way yet.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay. Well be careful.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Research: Just a real quick maintenance question. In terms of rate case earnings benefits in the latter half of the year, should they be similar to the $24 million in the first half? Or first quarter was a little bit higher than the second quarter?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: In terms of the Wisconsin Electric rate case benefits, guys, no? Okay, Steve, we will ask you to cover that.
Stephen P. Dickson - VP & Controller, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. So you are referring during the earnings package we've got for the quarter rate case netted to $9.5 million. And what that represents is going into the rate case last year when the rates were set effective January 1, the Wisconsin Commission assumed a certain level of SSR revenues. And what has happened is that the SSR, we reached an agreement with the State of Michigan and those stopped. But in the Wisconsin rate case we are allowed to have the incremental revenues associated with that. So if you remember last year in the SSRs, the first half of the year the SSRs were based on the suspension. And then later in the year it went to the retirement SSRs. And so the dollar amount was greater in the latter part of the year. So the short answer is you will not see this big a benefit in the last part of the year, but you'll see a little bit of benefit. Does that make sense?
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Research: Yeah, I think so. I might follow-up off-line, but that's all I had. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Greetings, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Greetings, Gale. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We are good. We'd like it a little hotter, a little more humid, but we are good.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I will work on that.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: What's the rate base at Peoples Gas?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: I'm sorry, one more time with the question?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: What is rate base at Peoples Gas?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Rate base at Peoples Gas? I'm looking at Pat. I think it's $1.8 billion.
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And about a 50-50 cap structure?
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yes, that is correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Then just to make sure I understand it, combined 2016 earnings should be 6% to 8% growth off of standalone $2.72?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You've got it.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Those were all my questions. Thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're more than welcome.
J. Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Last but not least, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: How you doing?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Good. How are you?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: All right. You mentioned that there were going to be some substantial accounting adjustments in the second half of the year. I was just wondering if you could just give us a little bit of a preview what you are expecting to happen there?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Sure. And I will ask Steve Dickson, our controller, and Scott Lauber, our treasurer, if they have anything to add. But essentially as you know, in any acquisition – we're not immune from this – one of the things that has to be done is purchase price adjustments. Generally you get a year to do that. But when you close this early in the year the SEC would like you to button down many of the purchase price adjustments of the time of the filing of the 10-K, which would be early, early next year. So one of the major amount of accounting work that has to be done is all the purchase price adjustment work. Then I'm certain there will be some one-time transition type costs, and there's a whole slew of different types of costs that would be one-time costs that we would incur in the second half of this year. For example, we want to get an improvement in call center responsiveness for a number of the Integrys utilities; there will be some one-time costs to that. Pat tells me that there are software licensing costs that we will incur that would be one-time nonrecurring in the second half of this year. We could go on with a list of 30 or 40 of these things that are all transition costs that would be non-recurring. But that gives you a flavor. Steve, would you like to add anything?
Stephen P. Dickson - VP & Controller, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Yeah. The only thing I'll add, I think you nailed the transition related costs. And I'll go back to the previous question, is we will report GAAP costs at the end of the year; but then as Pat mentioned, we're going to strip out. We're going to make an accounting adjustment to strip off the Integ (58:22) earnings, we're going to strip off the acquisition debt, we're going to strip off the additional shares associated with that to get back to the WEC standalone.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Just to follow-up on this, though, so it sounds like there's going to be a lot of charges. Do we have any sense as to what the quantity of those one-timers is going to be?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Not yet.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: We'll certainly have a much better feel for that when we see you at the EEI Conference, but not yet. We are, again, 29 days into this. We know there will probably be a number of charges, and we will be working on it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Then in terms of purchase accounting, sometimes that has an impact going forward, and some companies strip out those impacts depending on how they are, and sometimes they aren't. Do you guys have any feel as to how the purchase accounting might affect growth going forward? And is there any impact associated with purchase accounting that's in your 2016 and beyond expectations for earnings growth?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Well, first of all, I don't think we know the answer to that completely yet. But there is one element, because we have regulated operations and more than 99% of our earnings are coming from regulated operations, but in general terms when you value regulated assets they come over onto your balance sheet at carrying value, at rate based value, if I'm making any sense to you. So that actually simplifies a great deal the purchase accounting. However, there are other things that we have to take a hard look at, like the value of some of the solar assets that Integrys has retained; like the value of a company called Trillium, which is a compressed natural gas fueling station company. So there are other assets. I think there's a waste-to-energy plant in Texas that they had. There are several of these assets that we're going to have to take a hard look at and give an appropriate value to. But in terms of major impact on 2016 earnings growth and beyond, Steve, I don't see any, do you?
Stephen P. Dickson - VP & Controller, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: No, you nailed it.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Okay.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: No, I would've thought it until you guys brought it up. And I mean, I think it probably would have been different if Integrys had kept the retail business.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: Oh, gosh, very different, very different. Remember, that was part of the announcement, that that did not fit with our model going forward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Right. So just to make sure I understand, basically your earnings growth doesn't have really any major assumptions associated with purchase accounting one way or the other in it?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You are correct. You are absolutely correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Thanks a lot.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any questions, now we have both Colleen and Beth and they are available in our Investor Relations office, 414-221-2592. Thanks everybody.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-05 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen F. Henderson - Manager-Investor Relations & Strategic Planning Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Allen L. Leverett - Co-President, Wisconsin Energy; President & CEO, We Generation Scott J. Lauber - Treasurer & Vice President
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker) Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Colleen F. Henderson - Manager-Investor Relations & Strategic Planning: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's Conference Call to Review 2015 First Quarter Results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available later today. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us as we review our 2015 first quarter results. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of Wisconsin Energy and CEO of our Generation Group; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported adjusted earnings of $0.90 a share for the first quarter of 2015. This compares with earnings of $0.91 a share for the first quarter last year. Our adjusted earnings exclude expenses of $0.04 a share related to our acquisition of Integrys Energy Group. Well, the story of the first quarter was our cold winter weather. Though not nearly as extreme as the weather that gripped our region last year, temperatures were almost 12% colder than normal, driving strong customer demand for natural gas. In fact, during February, we delivered more natural gas to our retail customers than during any other February in our history, exceeding last year's record by 5.5%. I'm also pleased to report that our natural gas distribution networks performed exceptionally well, underscoring the benefit to customers of our Deliver the Future program. You may recall that as part of Deliver the Future, we're accelerating the replacement of older natural gas distribution lines, the lines that are most susceptible to stress during severe weather. Turning now to the state of the economy, the Wisconsin unemployment rate fell to 4.6% in March. That's the state's lowest unemployment rate since 2008 and is nearly a full percentage point better than the national average of 5.5%. Wisconsin added more than 48,000 private sector jobs between March of 2014 and March of 2015. And as the economy continues to improve, deliveries of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers improved as well, rising by 0.6% in the first quarter. Sectors that showed particular strength included plastics, printing and food processing. In addition, we continue to see an uptick in customer growth across our system. Through early May, new electric service connections are up almost 19% and new natural gas installations are up nearly 14% compared to the same time period last year. Now, later in my remarks, I'll update you on other developments in our core business, and the important construction projects we have underway. But first, I'd like to discuss our progress in obtaining regulatory approvals for the acquisition of Integrys. To refresh your memory, on June 23 last year, we announced plans to acquire Integrys in a cash and stock transaction. Our analysis shows that combining the two companies to form the WEC Energy Group meets or exceeds all three criteria that we use to evaluate potential acquisition opportunities. First, we believe the acquisition will be accretive to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Of course, that would be 2016. Second, we believe it will be largely credit neutral. And finally, we believe the long-term growth rate will be at least equal to Wisconsin Energy's standalone growth rate. We expect the combined company will grow earnings per share at 5% to 7% per year, faster than either of us is projecting on a standalone basis with more than 99% of those earnings coming from regulated businesses. Our customers will benefit from the operational efficiency that comes with increased scale and geographic proximity. And over time, we'll enhance the operations of the seven utilities that will be part of our company by incorporating best practices system-wide. We believe that customers could actually see as much as $1 billion of savings over the next 10 years through a combination of lower capital and operating costs in Wisconsin. In addition, Integrys today, as you may recall, owns a 34.1% interest in American Transmission Company. Wisconsin Energy owns 26.2%. That means the combined entity will have a 60% stake in one of the largest independent transmission companies in the United States. ATC has a 10-year capital investment plan to bolster electric reliability in our region that calls for an investment of $3.3 billion to $3.9 billion by the year 2023. We believe it's a solid plan and we welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment to the transmission business. So where do we stand in getting the regulatory approvals for our acquisition of Integrys? Again to refresh your memory, the proposed acquisition was approved by Wisconsin Energy and Integrys shareholders last November. In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice completed its review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act in October of last year with no further action required by the company. Just a few weeks ago on April 7, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission found the transaction to be in the public interest and issued an order with no conditions other than those we proposed. Then on April 13, the Federal Communications Commission approved the transfer of certain communication licenses. So all federal approvals for the transaction are now complete. Turning to the state proceedings, the Michigan Commission issued its approval on April 23 and the Wisconsin Commission voted to approve the transaction at its open meeting on April 30, determining the transaction to be in the best interest of utility customers, stockholders and the public. The Wisconsin Commission applied several conditions to its approval, including a requirement that we share with customers for a three-year period beginning in 2016 any earnings at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas that are above our allowed rates of return. In addition, Wisconsin Public Service, the Integrys utility based in Green Bay, will not be allowed to build a new natural gas-fired generating unit unless a study of the joint needs of all our companies determines a need for new capacity. We expect to receive a final written order from the Wisconsin Commission by the end of May. In Minnesota, the commission there is expected to review our application during May and the schedule for the Illinois Commerce Commission calls for a decision no later than July 6. In summary, we're making excellent progress on all regulatory fronts and we anticipate closing the transaction now by the end of this summer. Now, before we discuss the status of our ongoing construction projects, I'd also like to take just a moment to follow up on the settlement agreement in Michigan. As we discussed during our previous calls, we've been working toward a long-term electric reliability solution for the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, in cooperation with the Michigan Governor, the Michigan Attorney General, the Michigan Commission staff, and iron ore mines. We reached an agreement on March 12 that replaced the original arrangement we had announced in January. The revised agreement includes the following important elements. First, Wisconsin Electric will retain ownership of the Presque Isle Power Plant and our current electric distribution (8:40) assets. The iron ore mines have entered into long-term contracts to purchase power from Wisconsin Electric. Wisconsin Energy then expressed a willingness, if requested, to invest in a new generating plant in the Upper Peninsula and/or purchase power from the new facility. This will allow for the eventual retirement of the Presque Isle Plant. And finally, Wisconsin Energy would potentially create a separate Michigan-only utility. If formed, our electric customers residing in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan would become part of this utility and the utility would be a subsidiary of Wisconsin Energy. Overall, we're very pleased with this result. And now turning to recent developments in our core business. As you may recall, last July, we received the final written order from the Wisconsin Commission approving our request to build and operate a new natural gas lateral, which will span an 85 mile route through Western and Central Wisconsin. The project will address natural gas reliability concerns in that region of the state. It will also help meet the demand being driven by customers converting from propane to natural gas and demand from the sand mining industry. The commission's approval also includes franchise awards for 10 communities along the route and authorizes us to begin delivering natural gas within the borders of those communities. We began work last October on portions of the downstream facilities. Two of the three branch lines were installed by mid November. Construction of the third branch line began in January and is now nearing completion. Route clearing for the final large diameter lateral is now complete. Construction on the regulator stations is on schedule and 100% of the large diameter steel pipe has been delivered to our work yards. We are on time, we are on budget and we expect to complete the project in the fourth quarter of this year at a projected cost of $175 million to $185 million excluding allowance for funds used during construction. On the generation side of our business, you'll recall that we are converting the fuel source for our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. The two unit Valley Plant is a cogeneration facility located along the Menominee River near downtown Milwaukee. Valley generates electricity for the grid, produces steam for more than 400 customers in the downtown Milwaukee business center and also provides important voltage support for the electric network. The Valley conversion project achieved another milestone on April 10, that's when unit two started its coal to gas conversion outage and the Valley Power Plant stopped burning coal after more than 46 years. Unit two should be completed by early fall in time for the next heating season. Unit one, of course, achieved commercial operation burning natural gas last November. Overall, the Valley project is more than 70% complete. We expect the total cost to range between $65 million and $70 million again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain at 280 megawatts. Now, I'd like to touch on the upgrade of our Twin Falls Hydroelectric Plant, located on the border of Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Twin Falls was built back in the day in 1912 and is one of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. Construction began in late 2013 to build a new powerhouse and add spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. Construction activities have now resumed at Twin Falls after a planned break for the winter. We continue to make good progress on all the major construction work. The upstream cofferdam is finished, rock excavation is roughly 90% complete, and overall the project is on time and on budget with approximately 42% of the work now finished. We will begin physical construction of the new powerhouse later this spring, and we expect to achieve commercial operation in the summer of 2016. We're forecasting the total investment at $60 million to $65 million, again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Also, we continue to make excellent progress on our initiative to improve fuel flexibility at our Oak Creek expansion units. As you recall, these units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save our customers between $25 million and $50 million a year depending upon the blend. So, after receiving the necessary environmental approvals, we began making changes to the boilers and testing various blends of bituminous and PRB coal at the plant. We have actually conducted limited testing on unit two at levels of up to a 100% PRB. Although, the testing has gone very well, there are operational issues that need to be addressed and equipment that must be modified. So, last July, we filed a request with the Wisconsin Commission to approve additional capital spending to modify the plant. Our share of that investment would be $21 million. If approved, the modifications are expected to support sustained operation at up to 60% PRB and allow us to continue testing blends of up to 100% PRB. We also need space on equipment to handle additional coal inventory on the site. As a result, we filed a request with the Wisconsin Commission last October for an expanded cold storage facility and additional handling equipment. Our share of the estimated capital cost for this project is $58 million. We hope to receive commission approval from both of these initiatives this summer. Looking forward, we continue to see significant investment opportunities in our existing core business as we upgrade our aging distribution networks and focus on delivering the future. Our capital budget calls for spending $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion for a five-year period 2015 through 2019. Our rolling 10-year capital budget calls for investing between $6.6 billion and $7.2 billion over the period 2015 through 2024. Turning now to our dividend policy, our current standalone policy targets a dividend payout ratio trending to 65% to 70% of earnings in 2017, a policy that's more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. At the closing of the Integrys acquisition, we expect to increase the dividend for Wisconsin Energy stockholders by 7% to 8% to achieve parity with the Integrys shareholders. Going forward, the payout target for the combined company is projected to be at 65% to 70% of earnings. In conclusion, we're off to a strong start both financially and operationally in 2015 and we're pleased with the progress we've made as we work to finalize our acquisition of Integrys. And now, for more details on our first quarter, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2015 first quarter adjusted earnings were $0.90 a share compared with $0.91 a share for the corresponding quarter in 2014. Consistent with past practice, I will discuss operating income for our two business segments and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the first quarter was $358.8 million as compared to $381.08 million in 2014. That's a decrease of $23 million. Starting with the Utility Energy segment, you will see that operating income in the first quarter totaled $276.5 million for 2015, a decrease of $16.2 million from the first quarter of 2014. On the favorable side, we estimate that our operating income increased by $14.7 million because of the impacts of the 2015 rate case. On the downside, we estimate that our gas and electric margins decreased by $20.6 million because of the weather. As Gale mentioned earlier, the first quarter of 2015 was cold. Our heating degree days were up almost 12% as compared to normal. However, heating degree days last year were 24% higher than normal due to the polar vortex. In addition, our depreciation expense increased by $4.3 million due to additional capital placed into service. Operating income in the Non-Utility segment was up $1.4 million when compared to 2014. This increase reflects additional investment at our Power the Future plants. Our Corporate and Other segment showed an operating loss of $9.3 million this quarter as compared to $1.1 million loss in the first quarter of 2014. This increase is directly driven by costs associated with the acquisition. Taking the changes for these segments together, we arrived at the $23 million decline in operating income. During the first quarter, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $16.1 million, a slight decline from the same period last year. This decline was in line with our expectations, and is directly related to an anticipated reduction and authorized returns for transmission companies. Our other income net increased by $1.9 million, largely because of higher AFUDC. AFUDC increased primarily because of our gas expansion project in Western Wisconsin. Our net interest expense decreased by $2.6 million, primarily because of lower long-term interest rates. Last year, we replaced maturing debt with new debt at lower rates. Consolidated income tax expense fell by $7.9 million because of lower pre-tax earnings. Our effective income tax rate was in line with the prior year. We expect our annual effective tax rate for 2015 to be between 37% and 38%. Combining all of these items brings you to $195.8 million of net income for the first quarter of 2015, or earnings of $0.86 per share. Our adjusted earnings which exclude $0.04 of acquisition related costs were $0.90 per share. During the first quarter of 2015, our operating cash flows totaled $329.7 million, which is $55.4 million less than 2014. In January, we contributed $100 million to our pension trust, which reduced operating cash flows. No contributions were made in 2014. Our capital expenditures totaled $149.5 million in the first quarter, a $20.3 million increase compared to 2014. The largest increase was related to the gas expansion project in Western Wisconsin. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 50.6% at the end of March. Our calculation treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares except of course for those shares in connection with the acquisition of Integrys. We also paid $95.3 million in common dividends in the first quarter of 2015, an increase of $7.2 million over the first quarter last year. Weather-normalized retail deliveries of electricity fell by 0.7% in the first quarter 2015, as compared to the first quarter of 2014. Actual first quarter deliveries fell by 2.4%. Looking at the individual customer segments, we saw weather-normalized residential deliveries drop by 3.1%. Actual residential deliveries fell 7.1%. Across our small commercial industrial group, weather-normal quarterly deliveries were flat with last year. Actual deliveries fell by 1.2%. In the large commercial industrial segment, deliveries for the first quarter of 2015 were up by 0.6%. If you exclude the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial deliveries fell by 0.5%. Our first quarter weather-normalized retail gas deliveries, excluding gas used for power generation, improved by 2.2% compared to the same period in 2014. Our actual gas deliveries, again excluding gas used for power generation, were down 6.8% compared to the polar-vortex-driven gas sales in last year's first quarter. Our overall results for gas and electric sales in the first quarter are in line with our expectations for the year. Turning now to our earnings forecast, we are reaffirming our 2015 standalone adjusted guidance of $2.67 a share to $2.77 a share. We're off to a strong start, but we still have nine more months of weather ahead of us. Again, we are reaffirming our standalone adjusted guidance of $2.67 a share to $2.77 a share. Finally, let's take a look at second quarter guidance. Last year's second quarter adjusted earnings were $0.59 a share, which excludes $0.01 a share related to our acquisition of Integrys. Last year's second quarter earnings were buoyed by a favorable O&M cost and lower benefits costs. This year, our maintenance schedule calls for more work in the second quarter than we performed last year. In addition, our April weather this year was much milder than last year. Taking these factors into account, we expect our second quarter 2015 adjusted earnings to be in the range of $0.54 to $0.56 a share. That assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter and excludes transaction-related costs. Once again, our second quarter 2015 adjusted guidance is $0.54 to $0.56 a share. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks much, Pat. Overall, we are solidly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: And now, we would like to take your questions. Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Greg. How are you?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Hey, Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: How you doing?
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: I have two questions. The first one is how do you feel about the Packers draft?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: My summation of that is the Jets still suck.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Fair enough. Fair enough. Probably true. Can you talk about the sales growth in the first quarter in the context of you still feeling like you are on track for the year? I know – because the residential weather-normal demand was down 3.1%.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Is that just sort of maybe a statistical issue or do you expect that to reverse later in the year? That's my main question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good question, Greg. The short answer is, yeah, I do think that the first quarter residential weather-normal numbers are a statistical anomaly. You've heard me say this before, but the weather-normalization techniques that are available to companies like ours, they simply break down when you get two to three standard deviations off the norm. And last year, with the polar vortex, particularly as it hit the Midwest and Wisconsin, I mean we were way, way off the norm. So, I honestly don't put much stock in the weather-normal numbers for the first quarter. On the other hand, if you look at our large commercial and industrial segment, which is far less weather sensitive, you saw an uptick of 0.6% even compared to the polar vortex numbers of a year ago. So, as we've looked at this and believe me, we have analyzed this about 14 ways to Sunday, our bottom line conclusion is we are on track overall for what we expected for the year. And we weren't expecting, as you know, significant uptick in kilowatt hour sales. So we feel pretty good about where we stand. And again, I would take with a grain of salt the weather-normal numbers when you compare it to such an extraordinary period a year ago. Hope that helps, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Yes, thank you very much. When you talk to your industrial and commercial customers about their planned economic activity for the next 12 months, I know you do a lot of economic development and you stay very close to those...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We do.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: ...those customers. What is the tenor of – their mood about capital investment, hiring and the outlook?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I would say – and let me answer that in two ways. From the standpoint of commercial development, downtown office towers, retail centers being developed, we're seeing more commercial development than I think we've seen in the entire decade that I have been in this region. So our commercial customers, I would say, are showing just very solid optimism. Our industrial customers are, I would say, much more cautiously optimistic, nothing that would show huge growth, but on the other hand, I would say steady as she goes from the general input we're getting from our industrial customers. And then, of course, we should see an interesting development in the second quarter. You may recall me mentioning that Amazon has built a 1 million square foot, it's huge, a 1 million square foot distribution center south of Milwaukee and north of the Illinois line, that construction is complete. They're hiring and we should see that that 1 million square foot facility and a lot of ancillary development opening this summer.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks very much, Gale. Have a good day.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You take care, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: How you doing, Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon to you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. So, first question here more on the balance sheet side of the equation. In terms of your pro forma metrics for the transaction, how do you see yourself trending within your targeted ranges? And ultimately as you see yourself more structurally what kind of metrics are you targeting pro forma, just perhaps with respect to your rating (27:40) but also even within that kind of the FFO metrics, if you will?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me start out by framing our overall objective, and then we can talk through some of the more specifics. Our overall objective, remember, going back to one of our three most important criteria for acquisitions would be that we would maintain largely credit neutrality for the acquisition. We would fully expect based on the input we're receiving from the credit rating agencies to maintain our A category credit rating. So that basically, fundamentally, where we expect to stay, and where we have planned to stay. And then of course, as you know, the agencies have very specific debt to total cap and FFO metrics tied to being in – being – qualifying to stay in that credit rating, but we would expect very much to stay within the A category credit rating. Current thinking, of course, is unchanged related to the amount of debt at the holding company that we would add for the acquisition. Right now, we are still projecting about $1.5 billion of debt at the holding company to complete the acquisition and that would be, Pat, in 3-year, 5-year and 10-year tranches.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Correct, Gale.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And equally spread across the tranches.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So that's basically my general response to that. Perhaps Scott, Allen, anything you want to add?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Julien, was there something more specific you were after?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Well, I was just wondering where within those metrics – I mean how much pressure, you talk about maintaining largely credit neutrality, but just how much pressure probably at the lower end of that range within the FFO?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me try it this way. The one thing that when we talked to the rating agencies almost a year ago now, there is nothing going on at the utilities, so the only activity we focused on and they focused on was at the holding company. And you may have seen – let's use Moody's as an example. In June of 2014, I believe we were – outlook was down...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Negative outlook.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Negative outlook, and then this morning they announced that we were on...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Negative watch.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, negative watch. That's all consistent. So I mean, in that, when we first went in and said we're going to put $1.5 billion acquisition down in the holding company, they said okay, that's what we think in June. Now, the triggering event was the Wisconsin Commission approval and now we took the next step. So, fairly consistent. I don't know I can get any more specific than that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. Hey, no worries. Thank you. And then just in terms of execution of the transaction, I know it's a little early here, but can you talk a little bit to the best practices and just ability to kind of, how should we say, turn around the Peoples Gas business and opportunity set there? I don't want to get too close to the synergies per se, but just kind of more qualitative, if you will.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I appreciate the questions, Julien, and I think very simply, let me start off with basically our overall mission statement. Once we complete the acquisition, we intend to function as one company, one team with seven customer facing brands, all focused on customer satisfaction and operational efficiency. That's basically the mantra, the mission, and how we will go about achieving the important objectives that we've laid out for the transaction including meeting all three of the criteria that we continue to talk about is the criteria that we use for any acquisition opportunity. As you probably have read specifically related to your question on Peoples Gas, we were asked by the Illinois Commerce Commission what our plans would be for management of Peoples Gas and we responded to the Illinois Commission in writing committing that we would essentially place a minimum of three new senior officers from our team at Peoples Gas. So that will be one of the first steps that we will take immediately following the acquisition. We will put a very experienced professional, solid management team in place at People Gas. We're going to find, we know this already some very talented people in the operational ranks with Peoples Gas. So I think we're going to have a really solid team from day one at Peoples Gas and the Peoples Gas organization will report directly to me.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then lastly – were you saying something?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Obviously, I hope that gives you a flavor.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely. Just the last little detail. In terms of the timeline for closing you said late summer if I have it right. Is there any...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think we said by the end of the summer.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. Just in terms of the ICC schedule, is there any reason to think that it couldn't close earlier if you look at it at present?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, if we look at it at present, the Illinois Commerce Commission with the regulations and procedures that they follow in a case like this by statute unless there is some decision to delay, the Illinois Commerce Commission would make a decision by no later than July 6.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And then you would close very shortly thereafter in theory?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Once we receive the final approval, we'll close probably within three business days.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Just checking on the verbiage there. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Steve, how are you today?
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, Gale, how are you?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm good.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: That's good. So just on the Illinois approval, it sounds like they kept the timeline despite some parties concerned about this investigation going on at the – one of Peoples Gas's programs. Could you just talk about that? And I guess maybe more importantly just how you've gotten comfortable that that is not an issue?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I'd be happy to, Steve. Well, first of all, just to explain the procedure with the Illinois Commerce Commission. The State Attorney General in Illinois filed a motion with the administrative law judge that is presiding over our merger case, petitioning the administrative law judge to, in essence, delay a ICC decision on our merger from the statutory deadline of July 6 for an additional 90 days, while the review continues on the management of the advanced main replacement program that Peoples Gas is undertaking. Both we and Integrys felt that a delay was not necessary, because there's a separate docket where the Illinois Commerce Commission is reviewing any concern and reviewing the manner in which the gas main replacement program has been managed. So there's a separate docket underway that will probably go on for a number of months. The administrative law judge determined that a delay was simply not necessary and ruled in favor of no delay, the commission staff also suggested no delay. So at the moment, there would be nothing on the table that would postpone a decision by July 6. So I hope that's helpful on the scheduling standpoint. In terms of the review of the – what's called AMRP, the advanced main replacement program, the Illinois Commerce Commission had already authorized an independent audit, if you will, of how People's is managing that construction program. And of course, that construction program, as you know, is very extensive. It will last probably at least for a 10-year period. The legislation actually covers the 10-year period in Illinois for the replacement of aging gas pipes in the City of Chicago. Some of those pipes, by the way, are Civil War era pipes, and really do badly need replacing. So long story short, there already was an external audit going on of the AMRP program and how it's been managed. That audit is well along an interim report. There is an auditing firm called Liberty and the Liberty report – the interim report is out and has been shared with us and we would expect, Allen, a final Liberty report I would assume within the next 30 days to 45 days.
Allen L. Leverett - Co-President, Wisconsin Energy; President & CEO, We Generation: There is a draft that's already out...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Allen L. Leverett - Co-President, Wisconsin Energy; President & CEO, We Generation: ...of the final report.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, we have obviously been able to review all of the recommendations and all of the findings in the audit, both the interim findings and now the draft final review findings. And, Steve, that's how we're comfortable that that this program is manageable and it's certainly needed from the standpoint of upgraded infrastructure.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just to clarify, in Wisconsin and the way the sharing works, my understanding is that above your ROE you share 50/50 for the first 50 basis points and then above that level earnings would be used to pay down this deferral balance?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Is that essentially how this works?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is correct. We have a number of transmission costs that have been deferred on our balance sheet, that's we call it the transmission escrow. And what the commission has asked us to do, as you say correctly, above our authorized rates of return at Wisconsin Electric, which is 10.2 right now on that retail utility. So the first 50 basis points that we might earn in any years 2016, 2017 or 2018 above the 10.2, we would share with customers 50/50, stockholders would keep 50%. The customer would receive the benefit through paying down the transmission escrow.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Rock and roll, Brian, how are you?
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good, thank you. Actually all my questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Can you think of a new question that hasn't been asked or answered, Paul?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I have got a handful of them, thanks.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good for you. All right. Give us your best shot here, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Pat, I just want to make sure I heard you correctly that the lower transmission was a function of the fact you are booking to a lower ROE?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's correct. We are...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And are you disclosing that ROE?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've taken our best shot in the zone of reasonableness and we invite you to do the same.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And the merger costs showed up on the O&M line on the income statement, all of them?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So net-net, excluding those, O&M was actually down for the quarter. What drove that?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Actually, you are absolutely correct. O&M was down for the quarter on an ongoing operational basis and it was really effective cost controls across virtually every part of our organization. It's not just one thing, but it clearly was very good cost control across, literally, every organization.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And absent outage timing, should that continue through the year?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We will see. I will say one thing. We did benefit, for example, on the gas distribution side of our business. We had – even with the colder than normal weather, we had materially fewer gas leaks to respond to this year and that's I think a direct benefit from the investments we've been making in our gas distribution network. So, the fact that we wouldn't experience severe weather in the next two quarters might mean that we don't see those kind of O&M savings on the gas side of our business. But by and large, I mean, our folks have just done a tremendous job of managing effectively from the standpoint of cost control.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then I think when you gave initial guidance, Presque Isle was still getting SSR payments. How has the turn of events kind of changed – how does that play into guidance?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it doesn't play into guidance. We are no longer receiving SSR payments, but it doesn't play into guidance because the way rates were set at the end of 2014, in essence, the revenues, the margins from any sales to the mines, which have now basically stepped back into a power sales arrangement with us, any revenues and margins from those sales would really go to – go into escrow for dealing in the next – for treatment in the next rate case. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett - Co-President, Wisconsin Energy; President & CEO, We Generation: Right. And then you also escrow for SSR revenues.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Allen L. Leverett - Co-President, Wisconsin Energy; President & CEO, We Generation: So, what Gale was explaining is that they made an assumption about SSR revenues. And to the extent that SSR revenues in this case are less, you book an escrow item. And then to the extent we get margin from the mines, you escrow that as well. So, it just all goes up on the balance sheet and there really is no income statement impact.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Right. So, on the balance sheet, it's like Ragu, it's in there.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then kind of relative to 1Q guidance, I think you beat the midpoint by $0.10. Can you kind of explain where that came from?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, basically – and I'll frame it and Pat can give you some more specifics, but essentially, there are a couple of drivers. One would be – in terms of our guidance, one would be the colder weather that drove stronger gas and electric margins than we had anticipated in the budget; and the second is largely O&M control. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right. I'll just put a little color to that, Paul. I agree completely with Gale. Weather was roughly $0.05 better than what we thought versus the guidance, and O&M was roughly $0.03 better. And again the best example of that, as Gale mentioned, was the gas expense for leaks.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sounds good. Thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Caroline Bone with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, Caroline. How are you doing?
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good. Good afternoon. I was just curious if you could remind us what base year you are using when guiding to the 5% to 7% EPS CAGR for the pro forma company.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the 5% to 7% combined company EPS projection really would be off of the year 2015.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's great. And then also a minor question here, but what should we expect transaction costs to be for the full year in 2015?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it depends upon how well Susan Martin controls our attorneys. And so far, that ain't so good. No, actually our attorneys have done very, very good work obviously and we're very much on schedule in terms of all the approval process. I'm looking at Pat to see if you have a total for this year only.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. For this year only, about $20 million to $30 million and that's...
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's just the out-of-pocket lawyers and bankers. That's not all the other stuff that goes around change of control, et cetera.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is – Pat is correct. That's the out-of-pocket expenses, legal fees, investment banking fees, expert witness fees, other outside consultant fees that are required as we work through the regulatory process.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. Just one more minor one. In your earnings package you guys talked about rate cases adding $14.7 million versus last year. Is that kind of a good run rate assumption for the rest of the year in each quarter in terms of the benefit?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. I would not use that as a run rate. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think this quarter is going to be a little higher.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And the reason for that is if you look back at 2014, January, we did not collect SSR. So that delta is going to be higher. In this quarter, so – then running out will be the same. So whatever you see in Q2 might be a good prediction, but one is a little high.
Caroline V. Bone - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome, Caroline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Michael, do you have any more of those blue things we drank one night?
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No. I have not. That's a good idea. It's been a while. It's been a couple of years. We should catch up on that if we can find that place.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Exactly.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Two questions. One, really a little bit of a follow-up on Caroline's one. Can you remind us what were the rate increases – base rate increases granted in 2015 by the PSC for both WEPCO and WG?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We didn't – have got the specific numbers here with us and we're going to ask Scott Lauber or Pat to give you that. Overall, when you take into account a fuel cost reduction that we were able to put into rates (45:05), overall, our electric rates are only up about 0.1%, but it differs between customer segments. Scott?
Scott J. Lauber - Treasurer & Vice President: Yeah. That's correct. So, Wisconsin Electric is just up a small 0.1%; if you put the fuel and it's actually down about 0.4%; and if you look at Wisconsin Gas, it was up about 2.6% on the margin.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, my apologies, I may have asked the question poorly. I recall that there was a base rate increase at WEPCO for this year?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: There was.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Can you just – let's leave fuel out of the equation, I'm just trying to think about base rates.
Scott J. Lauber - Treasurer & Vice President: Yeah, the base rates were up were 0.1%, but remember, we're giving about 0.5% back as a credit this year and that credit was really like a base rate, it increase also.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, a long story short, I would use 0.1%.
Scott J. Lauber - Treasurer & Vice President: That's what the customers are seeing.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the customers for base rates are seeing 0.1%.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. So, on an annualized basis I'm just trying to get to a rough dollar millions number here, okay? I just wanted to sanity check that, because I don't know why I thought it was somewhere in kind of the $30 million to $45 million for WEPCO.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Because you're probably not far off.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, that's fine. I can follow up offline. Second, on – when you look at your businesses, electric and gas utilities, do you see when you kind of look out too hard to predict 10 years down the road, but next two years to three years, two years to four years, one side of the business growing faster than the other, meaning electric growing faster than gas or maybe something we haven't seen in a long time, gas growing faster than electric?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, if I were a betting man, I would project that we would see gas – our gas distribution business growing slightly faster than our electric business for a couple of reasons. One, clearly, just the low price of natural gas; and secondly, the opportunity that we have to continue to gain customers through switching from propane to natural gas. You may have heard me say this before, but the national statistics from a year ago would indicate that Wisconsin is one of the five heaviest using propane states in the United States. And I think there is a tremendous opportunity for customer growth. Forget about per usage customer for a minute, but I think there is a tremendous opportunity for customer growth as we continue to see customers wanting to switch to our natural gas distribution network. In fact, I mentioned in the script, the uptick in customer growth that we are seeing and it's double-digit so far this year compared to the uptick we saw even last year. So to make a long story short, if I were a betting man, I would say, gas grows faster than electric by a bit over the next four years to five years.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And can you frame for us what percentage of the potential kind of addressable market is actually using propane versus natural gas in Wisconsin?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The last number I saw, but please don't hold me to this, was that there were a couple of – somewhere between 220,000 and 250,000 propane users still in the state. Now many of them are in rural areas, where there is not a strong natural gas distribution networks. I don't want to mislead you that a quarter of a million customers could automatically just switch tomorrow to natural gas. But it gives you a sense of what the longer term prospects might look like.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And finally on electric transmission, you are booking a lower ROE, this isn't a – you are not booking a charge related to a potential refund, you are booking a – this is an assumed number up, an ROE percentage that you think will be the adjudicated number that comes out of the MISO case and what you will earn on until whatever future rate filing occurs 5 years or 10 years down the road.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. You've phrased it exactly correctly.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks, guys. Much appreciating. Congrats on a good quarter.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Greetings, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Hi. How're you doing?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're great. How're you doing?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm managing.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Wait a minute. I thought you – last time you told me you were wonderful and award winning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I got that, but then I will strive, how about that?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We appreciate that, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Yeah. I want to follow up on Steve's question on this gas main thing, because just to make sure I understand this. Is the gas – this accelerated main replacement issue, is that now out of this merger case and in the separate dockets that they opened up because of whistleblowers? So, we are not going to hear about this anymore? Because I'm just trying to – it seems that the AG's always coming out going back to this thing saying this is some – she is very upset about it and what have you. So I'm just trying to – is it out of the case?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think, well, let me answer it two ways. I think you probably will continue to hear about it, but in terms of technically, the whistleblower letters and the review of the program – well, let me put it this way. The whistleblower letters and our review of those whistleblower letters and any other investigations that are going on are now part of a separate docket.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Separate and apart from the merger case. But that doesn't mean that someone couldn't inject a discussion about it in our merger case. But it might be helpful, Paul, to clarify for you where we stand in the merger case itself. In essence, all the hearings have been completed, all the testimony is in, all the briefs are done and we would expect some time in the next few – certainly in the next couple of weeks, we would expect to see a draft order by the administrative law judge who is hearing the case. So once that draft order is out, then all the parties will have a comment – will have an opportunity to comment on the draft order, after that then the draft order will go to the commissioners themselves for a final decision. So in terms of evidence, in terms of positions in the case, all of that is basically in the record and the record is now essentially closed other than comments on a draft order, if that's helpful to you.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That's very helpful. And then so I mean, does the settlement makes sense at this point given how far along everything is?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: At this point, well, this being this close to a draft order, my own view would be the most sensible thing to do is to let the process play out and the process is getting close to the deadline.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And if you think about sitting here on today we're at May 5, we would be less than 60 – well, about 60 days away from the statutory deadline for a decision.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And now you've actually seen the Liberty Consulting report which I'm afraid I have not, I guess it's been publicly released now. Is that right? Or it's just you guys who get it. I don't know, because I...
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure that it's been publicly released, but the commission asked or gave us specific authority and all the parties were fine with us reviewing the material in the interim Liberty report and in the draft – as Allen said, draft final report. So yes, we have seen the review. We have seen the audit.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So you guys are in a great position to answer some of these – well, I am not going to ask you to go over all of it. But I mean it just this idea that the budget has ballooned according to some of the filings that they are attributing to this program and that it is – that they are behind schedule and way over budget, I guess, is basically sort of what we are hearing. When you look at it, and knowing what you know about obviously gas utility work and what have you, you guys feel comfortable that this is a program that can be managed and completed in a commercially effective way, is that a good way to put it or do you follow me?
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me answer it this way. There are a lot of moving pieces in terms of what the eventual cost might be. But do we believe based on what we've seen that, A, the work is needed; and B, it can be done professionally and in a long-term cost effective way? Yes. But at this point, I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on what the exact right budget number should be.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: But as we look at the recommendations from the Liberty audit, I mean the recommendations frankly make a great deal of sense. There is nothing in the Liberty audit that I have seen that is troublesome from the standpoint of can we effectively manage the program. I'm confident we can.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're more than welcome.
Gale E. Klappa - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right, ladies and gentlemen, well, I think that concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate you participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson is available in our Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thanks again, everybody. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 02:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klapp - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Allen Leverett - President Susan Martin - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Stephen Dickson - Vice President, Controller Scott Lauber - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Dan Fidell - US Capital Advisors Michael Weinstein – UBS
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s conference call to review 2014 year-end results. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, the referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available later today. And now, it’s my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us as we review our 2014 year end results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of Wisconsin Energy and CEO of our Generation Group; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported adjusted earnings of $2.65 a share for 2014. This compares with earnings of $2.51 a share for 2013. Our adjusted earnings exclude expenses of $0.06 a share related to our acquisition of the Integrys Energy Group. I'm very pleased to report to you that 2014 was another exceptional year for Wisconsin Energy. We delivered record financial results, we were named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for the fourth year in a row, extending our strong track record of network reliability and customer satisfaction. We invested nearly $740 million in our core business with all major projects on time and on budget. We achieved the safest year of operation in the history of the company, which dates back more than 100 years. And we announced the acquisition of Integrys Energy. We believe that the combination of our two companies will create the premier regulated utilities system in the Midwest, with superior service and competitive pricing for years to come. The benefits to all of our stakeholders are clear, compelling, and achievable. Turning now to the state of the economy, Wisconsin's unemployment rate declined to 5.2% at the end of 2014, well below the national average, and the state's lowest unemployment rate since 2008. As the economy continued to improve over the course of the year, deliveries of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers began to strengthen as well. On weather nominal basis for the year, our large customers excluding the iron ore mines, consumed approximately 1.3% more electricity than they did in 2013. We also saw steady improvement in several important sectors of the state's economy, including paper manufacturing, food products, primary metals and rubber and plastics production. In addition, we continued to see an uptick in customer growth across our system, particularly in our natural gas distribution business. For example, new electric service connections were up by 5.7% for the year, but new natural gas installations rose by more than 28% during 2014. Later in my remarks, I'll update you on several developments in our core business as well as the important construction projects we have underway. But first, I'd like to discuss our progress in obtaining regulatory approvals for the acquisition of Integrys. To refresh your memory, on June 23, 2014, we announced our plan to acquire Integrys in a cash and stock transaction. Combining the two companies to form the WEC Energy Group will create a strong electric and natural gas delivery company with deep operational expertise, scale, and the financial resources to meet the region's future energy needs. We'll serve more than 4.3 million customers in Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota. In fact, the combination will create the eighth largest natural gas distribution company in America, and the strong cash flow of the combined company will be invested prudently in new and upgraded energy infrastructure for the region. Now, as you're well aware, we have consistently used three criteria to evaluate any potential acquisition opportunity. First, we would have to believe that the acquisition would be accretive to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Second, it would need to be largely credit neutral. And finally, we would have to believe that the long-term growth rate of any acquisition would be at least equal to Wisconsin Energy's standalone growth rate. Our analysis continues to show that the combination meets or exceeds all three criteria. We expect the combined company will be able to grow earnings per share at 5% to 7% per year, faster than either one of us projecting on a standalone basis. And importantly, more than 99% of these earnings would come from regulated businesses. Our customers will clearly benefit from the operational efficiency that comes with increased scale and geographic proximity. And over time, we'll enhance the operations of the seven utilities that will be part of our Energy Group by incorporating best practices system wide. In addition, as many of you know, Integrys today is one of the major owners of American Transmission Company, with a 34.1% interest. Wisconsin Energy is the second largest owner with a 26.2% interest. That means, the combined entity will have a 60% stake in one of the largest transmission companies of the country. ATC, of course, has a 10-year capital investment plan to bolster electric reliability in our region. In fact, ATC’s capital plan for the years 2014 to 2023 calls for investment of between $3.3 billion to $3.9 billion. We believe it's a solid plan and we welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment to the transmission business. So where do we stand in gaining the necessary approvals? Again, to refresh your memory, the proposed acquisition was approved by Wisconsin Energy and Integrys shareholders back on November 21, 2014. In addition, the US Department of Justice completed its review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act on October 24, 2014 with no further action required by the company. As you know, the transaction also requires the approval of several regulatory agencies, including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Wisconsin and Michigan Public Service Commissions, the Illinois Commerce Commission and the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. We filed with all four state utility commissions in early August and we are currently working through each of the proceedings. Perhaps the most notable regulatory development has occurred in Michigan, where we reached a settlement last month that helps to pave the way for the acquisition, while addressing electric reliability concerns in the Upper Peninsula. I'll talk about the settlement in more detail in just a moment. But it's important to note that the Michigan Governor, the Michigan Attorney General, and the iron ore mines all sent letters to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in January stating that they have no objections to our transaction. These parties will not oppose, will not condition or delay the confirmation of the transaction in any proceeding at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. In addition, the state Attorney General and the Michigan Commission staff and the mines will not seek or support any other conditions to the merger and proceedings at the Michigan Public Service Commission and the Michigan Commission has set a schedule now that calls for a decision by June 15 of this year. In Wisconsin, the Commission expects to vote on the acquisition no later than April 16. In Illinois, the Commerce Commission staff has proposed a schedule that calls for a decision two days after July 4, on July 6, 2015. And the Minnesota Commission is expected to review our application in early May. Finally, at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, public comment periods in our merger case have now closed and we continue to work diligently to gain FERC approval. In summary, we're making very good progress on all the regulatory fronts and we still anticipate closing the transaction during the second half of 2015. Two final items related to our acquisition of Integrys. Back in June, Integrys announced the sale of its unregulated power and natural gas marketing business. That sale was completed on November 3, 2014 to a subsidiary of Exelon. The other item relates to the Michigan settlement that I discussed earlier. The settlement calls for the sale of the electric distribution assets owned by both Wisconsin Energy and Integrys in the Upper Peninsula, as well as the sale of our Presque power plant to Upper Peninsula Power Company. Under the terms of the agreement, Wisconsin Energy's distribution assets would be sold for an amount slightly higher than book value. Subject to state regulatory approval, we intend to return that premium overbooked value to our customers. The Presque Isle plant would be sold for $1 reflecting the current market value of the facility. As you may recall, we attempted to sell Presque Isle last year, but we did not receive any valid offers. We expect to treat the plant sale as an asset retirement and we will seek recovery of the approximately $200 million of net unrecovered plant balance consistent with prior regulatory practice. Customers in both Wisconsin and Michigan will clearly benefit from this agreement. Once the Presque Isle plant is sold, Wisconsin customers will no longer have to pay for the operating costs associated with the plant, our Michigan customers will also avoid short-term costs. And Michigan's Upper Peninsula will have more control over its energy future as it will no longer be part of a single Wisconsin/Michigan system. In the end, this agreement addresses the needs of all the parties in the settlement and clears the way for Michigan State regulatory approval of our proposed acquisition. And now turning to recent developments in our core business, as you may recall, last July we received the final written order from the Wisconsin Commission approving our request to build and operate a new major natural gas lateral in west central Wisconsin. The 85 miles of pipeline and connected facilities will run from northern Eau Claire County, in the far western part of the state, to the city of Tomah in west central Wisconsin. The project will address natural gas reliability concerns of that region and will also help meet the demand being driven by customers converting from propane to natural gas and by the growth of the sand mining industry in that part of the state. The Commission's approval also includes franchise awards for 10 communities along the route, and authorizes us to begin delivering natural gas within the borders of those communities. In October, we began work on portions of the downstream facilities. Two of the three branch lines were installed as of mid-November. Construction on the third branch began in January and of course we have one major large diameter lateral to install. Route clearing for that lateral also began early this year. We expect to complete the entire project in the fourth quarter of this year at a projected cost of $175 million and $185 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. On the generation side of our business, you'll recall that we're converting the fuel source for our Valley power plant from coal to natural gas. The two-unit Valley plant is a cogeneration facility located along the Menomonee River near downtown Milwaukee. Valley generates electricity for the grid, produces steam for more than 400 customers in the downtown Milwaukee business center, and provides voltage support for our electric distribution network. I’m pleased to report that the project remains on schedule and on budget. Unit 1 achieved commercial operation burning natural gas back in November. The entire Valley plant is available to operate at full power at this time with Unit 1 burning natural gas and Unit 2 continuing to burn coal. And we expect Unit 2 to be converted to natural gas in time for next winter seeding season. Overall, the project is currently about 66% complete, we expect the total conversion cost to be between $65 million and $70 million, again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain at 280 megawatts and we believe our plan will help support a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Now, I'd like to touch on the upgrade of our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant. Twin Falls was built in 1912 and is one of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. The plant is located on the boarder of Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The construction now underway to build a new powerhouse and add spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. We continue to make good progress on the major construction work at Twin Falls. The upstream cofferdam has been completed and rock excavation is well underway. Overall the project, as we speak today, is approximately 37% complete. We plan to begin construction of the new powerhouse this spring and we expect commercial operation in the new powerhouse to begin in the summer of 2016. The total investment is budgeted at $60 million to $65 million, excluding funds used during construction. Also, we continue to make excellent progress on our initiative to improve fuel flexibility at the Oak Creek expansion units. As you recall, these units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, given the cost differential now between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save our customers between $25 million and $50 million a year, depending on the blend. In 2013, we received the necessary environmental approvals, began making changes to the boilers and started testing various blend of bituminous and PRB coal at the plant. With a few modifications, both units can sustain a 20% PRB blend. We’ve also conducted limited testing on Unit 2 at various levels up to 100% PRB. Although testing has gone well, there are operational issues that need to be resolved and equipment that must be modified to sustain the higher blends of PRB coal on a long-term basis. So in July of last year, we filed a request with the Wisconsin Commission to approve additional capital spending for modifications of the plant. Our share of that investment would be approximately $21 million. If approved, the modifications are expected to support sustained operation at up to 60% PRB and allow us to continue testing blends up to 100% PRB. Also it’s very clear that we need space and equipment to handle additional coal inventory at the site. As a result, we filed a request with the Wisconsin Commission in October of last year for an expanded coal storage facility and additional handling equipment. Our estimated capital cost for this particular project is $58 million. We hope to receive Commission approvals for both of these projects in the second half of this year. Looking forward, we see significant investment opportunities in our existing core business, as we also continue to upgrade our aging distribution networks and focus on delivering the future. Our updated capital budget, and this is new information, our updated capital budget calls for spending $3.3 billion and $3.5 billion over the five-year period, 2015 through 2019. Our rolling 10-year capital budget now calls for investing between $6.6 billion and $7.2 billion over the period 2015 through 2024. Turning now to our dividend policy, at its January meeting, our Board of Directors raised our quarterly dividend to $0.4225 a share, an increase of 8.3% over the dividend paid during 2014. The new quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.69 a share. The Board also reaffirmed our standalone dividend policy that targets at a payout ratio trending to 65% to 70% of earnings in 2017, a payout ratio that is more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. At the closing of the Integrys acquisition, we expect to increase the dividend again by 7% to 8% for Wisconsin Energy shareholders to reflect the dividend policy of the combined company. And then going forward, a project that payout target for the combined company is expected to be between 65% to 70% of earnings. And finally turning to Wisconsin rate matters, in December the Wisconsin Commission issued its final order on our re-filings for the years 2015 and 2016. The order approved a net bill increase of 0.10% related to the non-fuel costs for our retail electric customers in Wisconsin. The new rates went into effect and January 1. The order also approved an increase in the fixed portion of our customer’s monthly bills, while correspondingly reducing the kilowatt hour charge. As you know, a higher fixed charge and a lower energy charge more accurately reflect our cost structure. Lastly, the Commission approved a return on equity of 10.2% for Wisconsin Electric and 10.3% for Wisconsin Gas. It also authorized an increase in the Wisconsin Gas common equity component to an average of 49.5%, up from 47.5%. The midpoint of Wisconsin Electric’s equity component remains unchanged at 51%. In summary, ladies and gentlemen, 2014 was another year of achievement for Wisconsin Energy, the company continues to perform at a high level both financially and operationally. And our proposed acquisition of Integrys positions as well for strong future growth as we focus on delivering the future. And now with more details on our full-year performance and our outlook for 2015, here’s our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, for 2014, our adjusted earnings grew to $2.65 a share compared with $2.51 a share for 2013. Our GAAP earnings for 2014 were $2.59 a share, which includes $0.06 of costs associated with the acquisition of Integrys. Consistent with past practice, I will discuss operating income for our two business segments and then discuss other income, interest expense, and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the full year 2014 was $1.112 billion as compared with $1.080 billion in 2013. That's an increase of $32 million. Starting with the Utility Energy segment, operating income in 2014 totaled $770.2 million, an increase of $50.8 million over 2013. On the positive side, lower O&M spending, in part driven by lower benefits costs, increased our margins by $59.3 million. We also had a $28 million increase in revenues due to the second year of our Wisconsin rate order. On the negative side, depreciation expense increased by $20.4 million in 2014, primarily because our biomass plant was placed into service late in 2013. We estimate that weather resulted in a net $14.8 million decline. While we experienced cold winter weather in 2014, this was more than offset by our cool summer. Now, turning to our non-utility segment, operating income was up $1.1 million when compared to last year. This increase reflects new investments at our power the future plants. Our corporate and others segment showed an operating loss of $26.3 million, which is almost $20 million more than the prior year. During 2014, we incurred $14.6 million of external costs, primarily legal, banking and professional fees related to the Integrys acquisition. Taking the changes for these segments together, you arrive at a $32 million increase in operating income, or a $46.6 million increase adjusted for the $14.6 million of acquisition costs. During 2014, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled nearly $66 million, which is $2.5 million decline from 2013. Our other income net declined by $5.4 million, primarily because of lower AFUDC. AFUDC decreased because we completed the biomass facility in the fourth quarter of 2013. Our net interest expense declined by $10.6 million. This was primarily driven by lower long-term interest costs as our net debt issuances are at rates lower than the rates on scheduled maturities. Our consolidated income tax expense rose by $23.8 million because of higher pre-tax earnings and a slightly higher effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2014 was 38.1%, as compared to 36.9% in 2013. We estimate that our standalone effective tax rate in 2015 will be between 37% and 38%. Combining all of these items brings you to $588.3 million of net income or GAAP earnings of $2.59 a share for the year. Adding back $0.06 per share for the after-tax impact of acquisition costs, we saw adjusted earnings of $2.65 per share. During 2014, our operating cash flows totaled $1.198 billion, which is a $33 million decrease from 2013. We experienced higher net income and depreciation and amortization costs. However, these factors were offset by higher working capital requirements related to natural gas inventories. Our capital expenditures totaled $736.1 million in 2014, a $48.7 million increase compared to 2013. We saw higher construction expenditures related to the conversion of the Valley power plant to natural gas and investments in our distribution infrastructure. And we paid $352 million in common dividends in 2014, which was $23.1 million greater than in 2013. We’re also pleased to report that our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 51.4% at the end of 2014, which is more than our 2013 ratio of 52.5%. We continue to use cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401k plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares except for the Integrys acquisition. I’ll now report on 2014 Electric deliveries to our customers. Delivered electricity reflects the demand from both our retail and electric choice customers and thus is a good indicator of how the regional economy is faring. Weather normalized retail deliveries of electricity excluding the mines rose by 0.004% during 2014 as compared to 2013. Actual deliveries were down by 0.007%. Looking at the individual customers segments, we saw normalized residential deliveries increase by 0.001% in 2014. Actual residential deliveries declined by 2.4%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, weather normalized deliveries declined by 0.001%. On an actual basis, full-year deliveries to this group were down 0.004%. Normalized deliveries to the large commercial and industrial segment for the full year 2014 excluding the iron ore mines were up by 1.3% for the year. Actual deliveries rose by 0.009% for the year. Overall for 2015, we are forecasting a modest increase of 0.001% in weather normalized deliveries, again excluding the iron ore mines. We plan to meet our earnings targets without relying on significant gains in energy usage by our customers. Looking at 2015 by individual customers segments, we expect the residential deliveries to grow by 0.002%, impacted positively by continued modest growth in housing starts, but offset by conservation. In the small commercial and industrial segment, we are projecting an increase of 0.003%. In the large commercial and industrial group, we are projecting a decrease of 0.003%. On the natural gas side of the business, total volumes in 2014 increased by 5.2%, driven partly by the colder weather. On a normalized basis, and excluding the volumes used in power generation, gas volumes increase by 3.6% compared to 2013. We attribute this to an increase in customers, fuel switching to natural gas, and the positive impact of additional gas used in the sand mining industry. Looking over the period 2015 through 2019, as a stand-alone company, we’re projecting positive free cash flow totaling $300 million. As a reminder, we define free cash flow as the cash available after capital spending and dividends. Next, I’d like to announce our standalone earnings guidance for 2015. We will revise our 2015 guidance after the Integrys acquisition has been completed. And as Gale already mentioned, we anticipate closing the transaction in the second half of 2015. As we discussed, our adjusted earnings in 2014 was $2.65 a share. Subtracting $0.03 for the impact of weather, we estimate that normalized adjusted earnings for 2014 were $2.62 a share. Taking this into account, we expect our adjusted earnings for 2015 to be in the range of $2.67 a share to $2.77 a share. This projection assumes normal weather and excludes transaction related costs. Again, our guidance for 2015 on a stand-alone basis is $2.67 a share to $2.77 a share. Finally, let’s look at the first quarter guidance. Last year’s first quarter earnings were $0.91 a share and that included $0.10 of weather benefit created by the polar vortex. In addition, the polar vortex helped last year’s first quarter fuel recovery. Taking these two factors into account, we expect our first quarter adjusted earnings in 2015 to be in the range of $0.79 to $0.81 a share. That assumes normal weather and excludes transaction related costs. Once again, our first quarter 2015 guidance is $0.79 to $0.81 a share. And with that, I’ll turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, perhaps just a couple of quick questions here clarifying first on the guidance, can you give us at all kind of any sensitivities around timing of the transaction and the close, basically about a one month delay in the close would be your – anything at all would just be helpful just from a timeline perspective.
Gale Klappa: Julien, again, we’re trying to give you for 2015 our standalone guidance, because no one is certain at this point the exact closing date and let me just iterate that a little more. Right now, July 6 would be the longest date that’s been established out there, that’s by the Illinois Commerce Commission for a vote. So we’re saying we expect to close on the second half of 2015, much of the acquisition relates to acquiring natural gas distribution companies. Obviously, their sales are quite low in the third quarter. So we really unfortunately can’t give you any more precise information about the impact of one month or not, really it does depend upon the month of the season, depends upon the weather, but I don’t think it’s going to have a huge impact one way or another. We are still expecting to close in the second half.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps secondly, can you talk about a little bit of the drivers in the shift in capex here, just a little bit more around the increase, what drove that or where is it kind of usual rolling forward?
Gale Klappa: Couple of things. About two thirds of our overall capital spending over the course of the several years, we will be focused on upgrading our ageing electric and natural gas distribution networks, particularly the electric distribution networks. And that’s very much age-driven. If you look at the reliability of the equipment in our industry, which as you know is incredibly reliable, you start to see the significant uptick in failure rates after the equipment reaches age 50. So we are focusing our upgrades, we are focusing our replacements on equipment that is reaching or passing that age. And we’re seeing more equipment and we are seeing more investment requirement related to upgrading those electric distribution networks. I think overall, if you look at our rolling 10-year capital plan, it’s up pan about $100 million from the last 10-year plan.
Patrick Keyes: Julien, this is Pat, let me just add a couple of things. I think if you look at 2014 versus 2013, I think I said about $50 million round number in additional capital spend and about half of that we had projected because, as Gale mentioned, that’s largely driven by delivery of the future. If you look at the last number we had in our investor presentation that we ended up the year about $25 million ahead of that and that increment is largely driven by gas lateral expansions as people got off for propane, we grew our gas distribution spending to help facilitate those customers conversion.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps just lastly, can you comment on weather normalized trends, I know you can to a certain extent, but just expand on 2015, if you will, a little bit, and what may be some of the key drivers might be if you think about sensitizing it?
Gale Klappa: Sure, be happy to Julien. Let me start with the large commercial and industrial customers, our large customer group. And that’s an interesting statistic that we did not put in the script, but I think is worth mentioning. If you look at our delivered volumes of electricity to our large customers for 2014 and include the iron ore mines up in the Upper Peninsula, which we’re still responsible for delivery regardless of where their supply comes from, if you look at that customer segment, weather normal, it was actually up 3.8% during 2014. That’s pretty strong industrial growth in 2014. We are projecting virtually flat for that customer segment in 2015, coming off that big uptick in 2014, and that’s based really on the input we received from our large customers when we interviewed them in the fall of the year as we finalize our forecast. So in essence, what we are expecting on the large commercial and industrial side of our business is to sustain the growth that occurred in 2014 to probably stay pretty close to that level. That’s really the insight that I would give you on our large commercial and industrial. And then in essence, for residential weather normal, for commercial weather normal, basically a little bit of growth offset by conservation and a net-net of flat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Just firstly on transmission, it looked like the number ticked down in the fourth quarter, why would that be?
Gale Klappa: There’s a very good reason for that and will let Pat answer as to why.
Patrick Keyes: Jonathan, as you know, there is a possibility that the ROEs are going to be adjusted for the ATC and others across the country for that matter. So it’s part of our – we have taken – we reserved against that possibility.
Jonathan Arnold: Can you quantify that, how much of the impact it was on the quarter?
Patrick Keyes: I think we’ve talked about in the past, if you kind of use the guidelines of the Massachusetts ruling, 10.57 to 11.74 ROE, that’s somewhere between $0.01 and $4.5. We kind of took a look at that and use that as our guidance. We were probably closer to the $0.01 side of it, but that was kind of a yardstick, if you will, we used to kind of beside where we are going to, how appropriate was to reserve.
Gale Klappa: So basically, we took a small charge in the fourth quarter and then we embedded an estimate of slightly lower ROEs in our 2015 guidance to you. So the numbers that Pat showed you or mentioned to you, in our 2015 guidance band of $2.67 to $2.77, that assumes also a slightly lower at the top end and bottom end slightly lower ROE outcome once FERC decides the MISO case in, we think, the second half.
Jonathan Arnold: Just to be clear, did you use the New England number or did you take the New England methodology and mark it to today, I guess, plus the 50 basis points?
Patrick Keyes: Using the New England number as a guidepost, we based our analysis on a different way, I guess, is the simplest way to say it. The other way to look at it, I’ll add on Gale’s 2015 point, I mean we obviously got a range of guidance and part of the driver of that range of guidance is where will that return fall in.
Jonathan Arnold: I’m still not quite clear, you say did you use the 10.57 or did you use that to mark it?
Gale Klappa: What we really did was we said, okay, at one end of the spectrum, and we’re not going to be precise, Jonathan, about the spectrum, but at one end of the spectrum, the decline could be X cents, at the lower end of the spectrum, it could be Y cents, and we embedded the X and the Y in the guidance we have given you.
Jonathan Arnold: One other, we noticed there was an order to show cause out of the MPSC with relation to the Upper Peninsula I think yesterday, could you comment on that?
Gale Klappa: Sure, would be happy to. First of all, I want to make sure everyone understands that this particular order that came out yesterday afternoon is a separate docket completely from our merger docket. So we really don’t see any real link between the two. And we’ve just had a quick review obviously of the order itself, but couple of points. First of all, we believe the Michigan Commission wants some very broad input from a whole range of parties on units that receive or could receive the SSR, the subsidy, the system support resource payments from MISO and where the state authority starts and ends and where the federal authority starts and ends for units that have these SSR payments or could have these SSR payments in the future. So that I think is the nut of where the intent of that particular docket that the Commission opened is and we’ll be happy to work with the Commission, we’ll be happy to provide our input. But also I want to assure you that there is no issue with making sure that we have adequate supply for as long as we own the assets in the Upper Peninsula to meet customer needs. That really is our intention, obviously we will keep the Presque Isle units open under MISO direction for as long as they need to be.
Jonathan Arnold: So there’s no kind of sense that they’re going cold on the settlement or anything like that?
Gale Klappa: I’m sorry, just the opposite. I mean, if you think about how the settlement was put together, the Governor’s office, the Michigan State Attorney General, the PSC staff and the iron ore mines are all parties to the settlement. And certainly, from everything we are sensing and everything we can tell are fully, fully on board with the settlement. This is a separate docket entirely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: The fourth quarter ATC kind of booked reserve for the full year or is it just related to the fourth quarter?
Gale Klappa: No, for the entire year. In fact, back to November of 2013.
Paul Ridzon: And have the mines come back to your service?
Gale Klappa: Mines are home as of February 1.
Paul Ridzon: And is that baked into your guidance or is that...?
Gale Klappa: Well, no, because under the way rates have been set, associated with serving the mines will be deferred on our balance sheet.
Paul Ridzon: Deferred until the next rate case or...?
Gale Klappa: Yes, deferred, the margin and the cost – the cost and then resulting in the margin will be deferred until the next rate case.
Paul Ridzon: And weather for the year was $0.03 positive versus normal?
Patrick Keyes: Correct.
Paul Ridzon: And then lastly, what do you think as far as continued growth out of the sand mining industry, given that this is frac sand?
Gale Klappa: Very interesting question and actually there’s been a lot of analysis over the last couple of months, particularly as oil prices began to crater, about the impact in the western part of the state on the huge expansion we’ve seen in frac sand mining. And for right now, we’re actually not seeing any downturn at all in frac sand production in the western part of the state. And when we talk with the frac sand producers, they’re still quite optimistic. Now, I would say the growth is going to level off and we’re not going to see for the near term any significant additional growth, but they’re not seeing any downturn either. And I think that’s in part because Wisconsin has now become the number one supplier of frac sand in the country. It’s the quality of the sand, it’s the ease of getting that sand to market from where the sand mines are. So we’re not seeing any real deterioration at this point and the customers that we are talking to out there don’t expect to see any 2015 deterioration as well.
Paul Ridzon: So we’ve got a cost advantage to actually support them?
Gale Klappa: I think they’ve got a cost and quality advantage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: My questions were asked and been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quick one, how should we think about what the value of the distribution assets in the Upper Peninsula are? I’m trying to think through the cash you’ll receive from that potential sale and then the amount that could potentially be rebated back to customers.
Gale Klappa: I think we’ll just give you a ballpark number here, and again, this is a very, very small part of our business. But the book value of the distribution assets is going to be in the neighborhood of $100 million.
Michael Lapides: One other totally unrelated, total short-term debt at the end of the year is kind of that high point if I look relative to prior quarters, even prior year end, does kind of comparing year over year to past years, how should we think about what your plan for that is, what’s driving that et cetera?
Gale Klappa: Well, I’m looking at Scott and Pat here. For one thing, we tend to tick up in Q4 anyway because of the buildup of natural gas inventories. Total short-term debt is going to be a little higher. If you’re looking at it compared to Q3, it’s always going to be higher. Really, I don’t see any significant difference here, we were able to push off a bond offering, given our stronger cash flows during 2014, but we are kind of in a normal pattern here. Scott?
Scott Lauber: Yeah, the short-term debt is really at the two utilities. So we’ve have plenty of room and we have a lot of cash, we have some cash ex that holding company. So it’s really just a timing of when we do debt issuance at future.
Michael Lapides: Finally, can you talk about the impact of bonus depreciation on 2015 cash flow, how that impacts your EPS guidance?
Gale Klappa: We certainly can talk about the cash flows, there won’t be any real immediate impact on EPS. But Pat, how about talk about the cash benefit from bonus depreciation?
Patrick Keyes: Michael, for us, that’s about $115 million this upcoming year. So as Gale mentioned, because that was not part of the rate case and we’re not going in for the rate case, there isn’t any impact on it for this year that helps where you’re heading on the rate base, I should be more clear.
Michael Lapides: Got it. It would impact further down the road, but not in the immediate term?
Patrick Keyes: That’s correct, probably 2017. And remember, having said that, Gale also mentioned that our revised capital is up about $100 million, so net-net, it’s probably in the same place.
Michael Lapides: Yeah. And finally, can you actually just give us the walk 2015, 2016 and 2017 annual capex?
Gale Klappa: Let’s see if we broke it down in the materials we brought into the room of year by year, I can tell you that over the period, as I mentioned earlier, about two thirds of the capital spending will be tied to our distribution networks. We will have a disproportionate amount of capital spending this year because this is our big spending year for the western Wisconsin natural gas expansion, that 85 mile lateral that I mentioned and that’s $170 million, $180 million, so you’ll see more spending on natural gas distribution in our, what we call our lifesaver chart, where we have the colors in the bars, you’ll see 2015 being an outsized year for natural gas distribution spending. But over the period of time, you’re going to see about two thirds of the capital spend be on upgrading our distribution networks, particularly electric.
Patrick Keyes: Michael, if you allow me to expand on the lifesaver theme and add some color to Gale’s comments, at the utilities now, it’s only there, that’s the number I got in front of me, was about $700 million in 2014, and then will be around $770 million in 2015 with the largest part of the delta being the west central, and then we kind of flatten out to some $600 million, $650 million two years after that in 2016, 2017, if that helps.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Last one, you’re spending a little bit of capital at Oak Creek at the power the future plan, how should we think over a multi-year period what happens to the earnings trajectory of the power the future assets, I mean is that a flat earnings stream, is this going to drive a little bit of earnings growth, is there some natural earnings growth embedded in the contracts or in the lease structure, how should we think about it?
Gale Klappa: The simplest way to think about it is a slightly rising slope on a slightly rising stream of income from the power the future units. There are two reasons. One, there is some maintenance capital that we normally need to spend, you anybody needs to spend on power plants. So there will be small amounts of additional capital is the maintenance capital is spent. Then we’re probably looking on a close to $90 million or so for the two projects that we are seeking Commission approval for, related to the additional cold storage capability and the plant modifications for fuel blending, which we covered in the script, so that would add to earnings. And then just in general, as we amortize the debt and the revenue stream stays the same, you would expect slightly higher annual earnings as you amortize and pay down the debt. So I would look at it as a gently rising stream.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: I just wanted to follow-up on Jonathan Arnold's question with respect to the show cause order because I'm a little confused. First of all, it doesn't seem like they've referenced the settlement at all. But the settlement, as I understand it, was supposed to deal with the concerns about reliability regarding the Upper Peninsula, correct?
Gale Klappa: Yes, correct.
Paul Patterson: And it was pretty thorough, like you said, all of the things you said. But then when you read this, they say that, at present, Wisconsin Electric is unable to provide the Commission with assurance of reliable supply of electric service given it has announced its intention to retire the PIPP, the Presque Isle. And they emphasize this urgent problem with constrained capacity on the Upper Peninsula will continue for years. What I don't understand is you guys are supposed to be selling this asset and what have you, it will be sort of the up goes issue, I would think. I'm just a little confused as to, A, I know it's their order and what have you, but if you could give us any insight that you have on this and that. They seem to be making an issue about something that the settlement was designed to deal with and they're not referring to the settlement. It just seems odd. It just seems like it's coming out of nowhere, if you know what I'm saying.
Gale Klappa: You are asking a very good question, our view after reading the order and having some discussions, our view is that this docket is all about a much narrower policy issue related to these systems support resource payments. We don’t think it has anything to do with a broader docket. There are a number of units as you know in Michigan now, not just ours, not just the Presque Isle plant, but there are a number of units getting these systems support resource payments either because the owner had planned to suspend or retire the units. So our view is while I understand your confusion, our view is this really a much narrower docket associated with where are the state authorities, where are the federal authorities as it relates to these units that either could get or are receiving SSR payments. I hope that helps.
Paul Patterson: It does help. What I'm a little confused about is why are they only asking you to show cause? It just seems like, why not get those other – I could understand a broader investigation, like they want to keep on top of it, et cetera. I just don't understand why it's like, we're asking Wisconsin Energy to show cause as to what the issue is, particularly if it looks like in the near future you guys aren't really going to be in the picture anywhere near to the degree you are.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think maybe they got us on speed dial, you never know.
Paul Patterson: Okay, I don't mean to make too much of it. I'm just a little confused by it, that's all.
Gale Klappa: There may be one other reason to that. In terms of the magnitude of the SSR payments, Presque Isle is clearly, the units that are getting the biggest payments by far, so that may have been part of their thinking. I’m speculating on that, because we really don’t know, want to know more, until we get further into it.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But just, generally, though, as far as you guys see it, the settlement is perfectly in place. You've heard no pushback or any issue associated with that and things are proceeding well with respect to the merger processes you're seeing. We shouldn't think anything else of it than just what you said, right? Everything else with respect to the merger and the constraint, the Upper Peninsula power reliability issues, all those you think are moving well, correct?
Gale Klappa: I couldn’t have said it better myself.
Paul Patterson: Okay, good. Thanks so much for the clarity. The rest of the stuff was answered, thank you. Just one thing – longer term, with respect to sales growth, do you guys have an updated outlook outside of 2015 which you guys already shared with us, what you think is going to be happening here?
Gale Klappa: We’re still looking longer term and a lot of the estimates we provided you longer term for capex et cetera are assuming about 0.5% electric sales growth annually.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with the State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins: First, I just had a bit of a follow-up on the sands customers, the frac sands, any impact. I was just curious if you could let us know like how big is that revenue as part of the industrial, how big of a segment is that?
Gale Klappa: Let me clarify, good question Dan, let me clarify one thing. We largely do not serve electricity in that region. So from a standpoint of the sand mining growth and the sand mining production, it’s largely related to our natural gas distribution network. And of course, we’re now to help certain of the sand mines, we’re now building this 85 mile lateral that will increase our capacity to serve the sand mines. Scott, do you have an estimate of our total industrial, for example, our total industrial deliveries of natural gas?
Scott Lauber: Yes, if you look at the volumes, it’s a couple of percent.
Gale Klappa: About 2%.
Scott Lauber: ...in the sand area and that grew about 30% last year.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, it was way up last year as Scott was saying 30% increase to the sand mining industry.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. So it's more the margin and the volume than the overall total has been more the impact so far?
Gale Klappa: I would agree with that, yes.
Dan Jenkins: Another question I had is, just looking at the cash flow statement, you had about an $80 million swing in working capital. I was wondering if you could give a little more color on what was driving that.
Gale Klappa: A lot of that is natural gas inventory, but Steve Dickson, do you have a breakdown for us?
Stephen Dickson: No, you’re absolutely right, Gale. Gas and storage was about $71 million cash items, but the gas and storage, last year because it was so cold in the fourth quarter, in December, we drilled down balances and that was a positive cash flow. This year, two things, we build out inventories and the price at the end of this year is higher than last year. So that was the big driver.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then you mentioned that the lower medical and benefit cost was a big driver. I was wondering, is that due to a change in your policy or is it more of a valuation thing related to interest rate changes, or what's going on there?
Gale Klappa: Last year, good question again Dan, Dan you’re on your game today. Last year was the first year, 2014 was the first year where all of our employees were receiving medical tariffs on high deductible plans. And we think that did have a positive impact. Also, just our medical experience, last year was better than normal. So it will be interesting to see how 2015 plays out, because we did have a very positive year in terms of medical benefit costs. And again, we are not sure how much of that relates to the fact that every employee is on a high deductible plan and how much of it was just a very good healthcare experience year. We have a lot of initiatives underway in the company on understanding exactly where you are individually with your health, we are really promoting wellness and it was good to see the results of 2014.
Dan Jenkins: On page nine, just looked at the fourth quarter revenues, other operating revenues, you had a $21 million increase there. Is that what's going on there? I know you all said that Treasury grant thing or is there something related to that?
Gale Klappa: Dan, I’ll let Steve answer that question for you.
Stephen Dickson: Dan, we announced that we have the SSR agreements and we started recognizing revenue associated with that. So in the fourth quarter, about $20 million of that increase relates to SSR revenues. That’s probably an escrow to 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fidell with US Capital Advisors.
Dan Fidell: Thanks for taking my question here. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but just a quick question on the Integrys approval process. Certainly thanks for the timing detail in the script. There have been more than a few moving parts going on, both politically and personnel-wise in Illinois of late. A bit unusual I think for the state overall, but also to have that happen in the middle of a merger. How, if at all, do those shifts impact the approval process as it applies to you guys? Is there any additional thoughts you might have on that?
Gale Klappa: No, well, actually we don’t think there is any significant impact at all in that, when we first applied in the State of Illinois for approval, as you know there is a very large professional staff operating for the Illinois Commerce Commission, they have been down this road before in terms of two natural gas distribution companies being acquired in the last six years in Illinois. The staff proposed to an ALJ, by hearing schedule and a schedule for a Commission decision, and really we’ve seen all the parties stick to the schedule. So far it’s been a process that’s unfolded very smoothly and very much to our expectations in terms of timing. And there is no indication at all that the July 6 date is anything different.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein: Hi guys. I figured I'd just jump in there, too, as well. But I think my questions have all been answered so way at the bottom of the pack.
Gale Klappa: Well, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We really appreciate your participation. If you have any other questions, our famous Colleen Henderson will be available in the Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thanks much everybody, take care.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klappa - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Allen Leverett - President Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Susan Martin - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Stephen Dickson - Vice President, Controller Scott Lauber - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Mike Weinstein - UBS Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's quarterly conference call. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available later today. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us, as we review our 2014 third quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of Wisconsin Energy and CEO of our Generation Group; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported adjusted earnings of $0.57 a share for the third quarter of 2014. This compares with earnings of $0.60 for last year's third quarter. Our adjusted earnings exclude expenses of $0.01 a share related to our acquisition of the Integrys Energy Group. The headline for this quarter, of course, was our cool summer weather. So you maybe wondering how cool was it? Well, three numbers best describe the summer temperatures in our region, 19, 65, and zero. In the third quarter, we had 19 days, when the high temperature for the day never reached 70 degrees. There were 65 days, when the high temperature never reached 80 degrees. And finally, we had zero 90 degree days in Milwaukee this summer. But even with the sharply lower customer demand for air conditioning, we continued to deliver solid results. Our focus on financial discipline and industry-leading reliability continued to serve us well. Turning now to the state of the economy. Wisconsin's unemployment rate declined to 5.5% in September and remains well below the national average. In fact, the unemployment rate in Wisconsin is now the lowest it's been since 2008. And as the economy has continued to improve over the course of the year, deliveries of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers have also edged higher. For the first three quarters of the year, our large customers excluding the iron ore mines, consumed 1.3% more electricity than during the corresponding nine months a year ago. And if you look at the data on a weather -normalized basis, total retail sales of electricity have grown by 2.1% during the first nine moths of 2014. We're seeing recent strength in four sectors of the economy; paper manufacturing, food products, rubber and plastics production, and metal fabricating. In addition, we continue to see stronger customer growth across our system. New electric service connections are up by 4.8% and new natural gas installations are up by actually more than 20% compared with the same period last year. Later in my remarks, I'll update you on several positive developments in our core business as well as the important construction projects we have underway. But first, I'd like to discuss our progress on obtaining regulatory approvals for the acquisition of Integrys. To refresh your memory, on June 23, we announced plans to acquire Integrys in a cash and stock transaction. Combining the two companies to form the WEC Energy Group will create a strong electric and natural gas delivery company with deep operational expertise, scale, and the financial resources to meet the region's future energy needs. We'll serve nearly 4.4 million customers in Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota. In fact, the combination will create the eighth largest natural gas distribution company in America, and the strong cash flow of the combined company will be invested prudently in new and upgraded energy infrastructure. Now, as you're well aware, we have consistently used three criteria to evaluate any potential acquisition opportunity. First, we would have to believe that the acquisition would be accretive to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Second, it would need to be largely credit neutral. And finally, we would have to believe that the long-term growth rate of any acquisition would be at least equal to Wisconsin Energy's standalone growth rate. I am pleased to report that we believe this combination meets or exceeds all three criteria. We expect the combined company will be able to grow earnings per share at 5% to 7% per year, faster than either one of us projecting on a standalone basis. And importantly, more than 99% of these earnings would come from regulated businesses. Our customers will benefit from the operational efficiency that comes with increased scale and geographic proximity. And over time, we'll enhance the operations of the seven utilities that will be part of our energy group by incorporating best practices systemwide. In addition, as many of you know, Integrys today is one of the major owners of American Transmission Company, with a 34.1% interest. Wisconsin Energy is the second largest owner with a 26.2% interest. The combined entity will have a 60% stake in one of the largest transmission companies of the country. ATC, if you haven't noticed, has a new 10-year capital investment plan that was just rolled out. In that 10-year plan, ATC plans to bolster electric reliability across our region. ATC's capital plan for the years 2014 to 2023 calls for investment of $3.3 billion to $3.9 billion. We believe it's a solid plan, and we welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment to the transmission business. Moving on to our dividend policy. Just a reminder, in the period before closing, Wisconsin Energy plans to continue its current dividend policy, which calls for a 7% to 8% annual increase in the dividend. At closing, we would expect a further dividend increase of 7% to 8% for Wisconsin Energy shareholders to reflect the dividend policy of the combined company. Then going forward, the projected payout target for the combined company will be 65% to 70% of earnings. Now, as you know, the transaction is subject to approvals from the shareholders of both companies and from several regulatory agencies. These agencies include the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Public Service Commissions of Wisconsin and Michigan, The Illinois Commerce Commission, and the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. The transaction also is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and other customary closing conditions. We filed with all four state utility commissions on August 6, and we're currently working through the respective proceedings. In Wisconsin, the Commission has set a schedule for the case with a vote expected to take place no later than March 20, 2015. In Illinois, the Illinois Commerce Commission staff has proposed a schedule that calls for an ICC decision on July 6, 2015. In Michigan, a revised schedule calls for a decision by the Michigan Commission in June of 2015. And in Minnesota, the State Attorney General has recommended that the Minnesota Commission open a docket to review the transaction, and the Minnesota's Department of Commerce has requested additional information before the end of this month. In addition, we filed our application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on August 15. The public comment period at FERC closed on October 17, and we filed our response to those comments yesterday. We also filed our Hart-Scott-Rodino application on September 24. I'm very pleased to report that the Department of Justice closed its review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act on October 24 with no further action required by the company. This clears the way for the acquisition under federal antitrust rules. In other developments, the Securities and Exchange Commission has declared our registration statement effective. And as a result, we scheduled our special shareholder meeting for November 21. Integrys has also scheduled to hold its shareholder meeting the same day. We're making really good progress on all the regulatory fronts, and we anticipate closing the transaction during the second half of 2015. And one more item related to Integrys, back in June, Integrys announced the sale of its unregulated power and natural gas marketing business to Exelon. Exelon will pay $60 million for the Integrys’ retail operations, plus adjusted networking capital at the time of closing. On October 14, the Federal Trade Commission granted early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, and Integrys expects now to complete the sale and have the closing by the end of this year. To summarize, we believe our acquisition of Integrys will create the premiere regulated utility system in the Midwest, with superior service and competitive pricing for years to come. The benefits to all of our stakeholders from the customers and communities we serve, to the people we employ to the shareholders who count on us to create value, are clear, compelling and achievable. And now turning back to recent developments in our core business. As you may recall, in mid-July, we received the final written order from the Wisconsin Commission, approving our request to build and operate a new natural gas lateral in the west central Wisconsin. The 85 miles of pipeline and connected facilities will run from northern Eau Claire County, in the far western part of the state, to the city of Tomah in west central Wisconsin. The project will address reliability concerns of that region and meet growing demand. Demand of course has been driven by customers converting from propane to natural gas and by the growth of the sand mining industry in western Wisconsin. The Commission's approval also includes franchise awards for 10 communities along the route, and authorizes us to begin delivering natural gas within the borders of those communities. In mid-August, we received a permit from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, approving with minimal modification our mitigation plan for wetlands and waterways. And on October 7, we began work on portions of the downstream facilities, with construction of the larger diameter lateral scheduled to begin early next year. We expect to complete this project in the fourth quarter of 2015, and our projected cost is between $175 million and $185 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. On the generation side of our business, you'll recall that we're converting the fuel source for our Valley power plant from coal to natural gas. As a reminder, the two unit Valley plant is a cogeneration facility located along the Menomonee River near downtown Milwaukee. Valley generates electricity for the grid, produces steam for more than 400 customers in the downtown Milwaukee business center, and provides voltage support for our electric distribution network. We're on time and on budget with this gas conversion project. And a major milestone for the project, we achieved first fire on natural gas in Unit 1 at Valley on October 2. However, tuning is now nearly complete and the unit will be available and fueled by natural gas for the first time for the winter heating season. Unit 2 at Valley is now scheduled to be converted to natural gas next year. We expect the total conversion cost to be $65 million to $70 million, again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. And you may also recall that in March of last year, we began a major upgrade of the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the Valley facility. This $30 million pipeline replacement project was completed on time and on budget in August. Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating cost for the units and enhance the environmental performance. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain at about 280 megawatts, and we believe our plan will help support a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Next, I'd like to touch on the upgrade of our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant. Twin Falls was built back in 1912 and is one of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. The plant is located on the boarder of Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Construction is underway now to build a new powerhouse and add spillway capacity that meets current federal standards. Since our last update, we've made really good progress on the major construction work at Twin Falls. The upstream cofferdam has been completed and rock excavation is well underway with completion expected later this year. We plan to begin construction of the new powerhouse itself in the spring, and we're still slated to complete the project in the summer of 2016. The total investment is budgeted at $60 million to $65 million, excluding allowance for funds used during constructions. We're also making excellent progress on our initiative to improve fuel flexibility at the new Oak Creek expansion units. As you'll recall, these units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save our customers between $25 million and $50 million a year, depending on the fuel mix. Last year we received environmental approvals, began making changes to the boilers and testing a blend of bituminous and PRB coal at the plant. This summer we took the next step, we filed a request with the Commission in Wisconsin to approve additional capital spending for modifications of the plant. Our share of that investment will be $21 million. If approved, these modifications will support operations of up to 60% PRB blend and testing of up to a 100% PRB blend. So with the older coal units at Oak Creek already burning PRB and the newer units burning more PRB, we clearly need to have the space and equipment to handle additional coal inventory on-site. As a result, we filed a request just a few days ago with the Wisconsin Commission for an expanded coal storage facility and additional handling equipment. Our estimated capital cost for this part of the project is $58 million. In summary, we see significant investment opportunities in our core business, including our focus on delivering the future, as we also continue to work on our aging distribution networks. Our capital budget, as you may recall, estimates spending of $3.2 billion and $3.5 billion over the five-year period, 2014 through 2018. And over the 10-year period, from 2014 through 2023, we expect to invest between $6.5 billion and $7.1 billion. We'll keep you posted, as our effort to upgrade the region's energy infrastructure moves on. And finally, turning to Wisconsin rate matters. In May we reached a settlement facilitated by the Wisconsin Commission staff with three major customer groups. The settlement covers return on equity, capital structure and base rate changes for the forward looking test years 2015 and 2016. If approved by the Commission, Wisconsin Electric will have a return on equity going forward of 10.2% with no change in its capital structure. And Wisconsin Gas will have a return on equity of 10.3% with a higher equity component in its capital structure. The equity component for Wisconsin Gas would increase from 47.5% to 49.5%. Based on this settlement non-fuel electric rates would increase by 1.4%, beginning in 2015. The remainder of the rate case has been focused on rate design and fuel cost recovery for 2015. Hearings were held by the Commission in September and October here in the state, and a decision from the Commission is expected before the end of the year with new rates to take effect on January 1. With that, I'll turn things over to our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes, for more details on our third quarter results. Pat?
Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2014 adjusted third quarter earnings were $0.57 a share compared to $0.60 a share for the same quarter in 2013. Our GAAP earnings for the quarter were $0.56 a share, which includes cost associated with the acquisition of Integrys. Our consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $246.1 million as compared to $258 million in 2013. That's a decline of $11.9 million. Starting with the Utility Energy segment, you will see that operating income in the third quarter of 2014 totaled $158.4 million, a decrease of $8.2 million from the third quarter of 2013. As Gale mentioned, the cool wet summer reduced our cooling mode, and as a result our margins were $28.6 million lower than last year. The cool weather also had an impact on our fuel recoveries, because hourly prices for opportunity sales in the Midcontinent Independent System Operator market were lower, we had fewer dollars to flow back through the fuel cost recovery role. Therefore on a quarter-over-quarter basis, our fuel recoveries were down by $16.5 million. On the positive side, our utility operating and maintenance cost were $22 million lower than the same period last year, reflecting lower benefits cost and effective cost controls. Our earnings were also helped by $15.9 million related to the accounting on the treasury grant for our new biomass plant. Combining these and other factors results in the $8.2 million decrease in utility operating income in the third quarter of 2014 as compared with the same quarter in the prior year. Operating income in our Non-Utility segment was essentially level on a quarter-over-quarter basis, which is in line with our expectations. Our corporate and other segment had a $4.1 million reduction in income, virtually all of which related to the acquisition of Integrys. Taking the changes for these segments together, you arrive at the $11.9 million decrease in operating income. Earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $18 million in the third quarter, which is up about $900,000 for the same period in 2013. Our other income net declined by $2.2 million, primarily because of lower AFUDC. AFUDC decreased largely, because our biomass plant was placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2013. In addition, our net interest expense declined by $1.6 million, primarily because of lower long-term interest rates and lower debt levels. When compared to the third quarter of 2013, our tax expense in down slightly. However, we have a slightly higher effective tax rate due in part to the inability to deduct certain cost related to the acquisition. We expect our effective tax rate for 2014 will be between 37.5% and 38.5%. Combining all of these items brings you to $126.3 million of reported net income for the third quarter of 2014 or earnings of $0.56 per share. Adjusted earnings, which exclude $0.01 of acquisition cost, were $0.57 per share. For the first nine months of 2014, our adjusted earning per share were $2.08 as compared to $1.88 for the first nine months of 2013. Year-to-date adjusted net income in 2014 was $474.2 million, up from $433.1 million in the corresponding period a year ago. Our adjusted operating cash flows during the first nine months of 2014 totaled $1,035 million, which is a $16 million decrease from the same period in 2013. Consistent with prior quarters, we saw stronger operating cash flows, because of higher net income and larger non-cash charges related to depreciation and deferred income taxes. On the other hand, we experienced an increase in cash needs for working capital, including natural gas and storage. Our total capital expenditures increased by $50 million in the first nine months of 2014 compared to 2013, primarily because of investments in our distribution infrastructure. We paid $264 million in common dividends in the first nine months of 2014, an increase of $22 million or almost 9% compared to the first nine months of 2013. And I am pleased to report that our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 50.9% at the end of September. That's the lowest level we've seen since the year 2000. With our announcement of the acquisition of Integrys, we suspended our share repurchase program, and thereby enhanced our cash position. A reminder, that our calculation treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401k plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares for these plans. Year-to-date retail deliveries of electricity rose by 1.1% as compared to the same period in 2013. Our normalized year-to-date retail deliveries were up 2.1%. Looking at the individual customer segments, we saw actual residential deliveries decline by 2.1%. But on a normalized basis, residential usage rose by 0.7%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, we saw year-to-date deliveries up 0.1%, and on a normalized basis they were also up 0.1%. In the large commercial and industrial segment, on a normalized basis, year-to-date deliveries were up by 5.2%. And if you exclude the iron ore mines, we were up 1.7%. Overall, these results are in line with our expectations. Year-to-date retail natural gas sales were up 13.1% compared to the same period in 2013. On a normalized basis, sales improved by 2.6%. The results from our natural gas delivery business are ahead of our expectations for the year. Finally, as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we are tightening our annual earnings guidance. Our prior guidance was $2.58 to $2.64 a share. Our new guidance is $2.60 to $2.64 a share. Again, our new guidance for 2014 is $2.60 to $2.64 a share. This guidance excludes an estimated $0.05 per share of legal, professional and banking fees associated with the acquisition of Integrys. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with UBS.
Mike Weinstein - UBS: A quick question about the election coming up, and the sale of state assets that potentially might happen one day in the future, has this become an election issue at all? People have been using it as a hammer or a nail, any sense?
Gale Klappa: No, not at all, Mike. Good question. Really the entire election has turned on jobs. And on the Governor's track record in terms of job creation and elimination of budget deficits, et cetera, so there has been actually, I haven't heard a single word in any of the campaign material or any of the debates about the potential sale of state-owned power plants, nothing.
Mike Weinstein - UBS: And in terms of the O&M savings this quarter, is a lot of that considered ongoing and will flow-through into the fourth quarter as well?
Gale Klappa: Well, I'll let Pat give his view as well. When you look at the O&M savings quarter-on-quarter, there were two or three things that really stand out. First of all, we had some very positive results from pension expense and healthcare costs. On healthcare costs, this is the first year, you may have heard us mention this before, this is the first year that all of our employees have moved to a high deductible healthcare plan. So we'll see, but we may see some rebound in healthcare expenses in Q4. On pension cost, I think Pat's view is for 2014, that should be a pretty well a permanent-type savings. Then the third piece in terms of the better performance on O&M, the strong performance on O&M in the quarter, is we did see some operating cost savings from our maintenance on our distribution network, simply because our networks really weren't stressed, given the cool summer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: So I might have missed it. But I just wanted to see if you have any color on the issues that you are getting from the Michigan Governor and political people related to the merger transaction? They are filing at FERC and delay in schedule. I mean it seems like it relates to the Upper Peninsula issues. Could you just talk about potential solutions for that?
Gale Klappa: I would be happy to, and thanks for asking, Steve. First of all, I think you've really nailed the principle concern. The principle concern from the Governor's office and the State Attorney General's office at Michigan really relates to the power supply problems and the energy future for the Upper Peninsula, and that is first and foremost on their minds. Right, that's point number one. Our point number two, it's becoming very, very clear, it's been clear for a while to us, but it's, I think becoming very clear to all the parties in Michigan that the customer choice law there is deeply flawed, particularly when it allows 90% customer choice in one area of the state and kept at 10% customer choice in the rest of the states. And of course, 90% customer choice in the UP makes long-term capacity planning very, very difficult. So that I think is emerging as a very significant issue. And then, thirdly, there has been a lot of very productive and positive discussion emerging with the lead of the Governor's office about what they call a global solution to the UP energy problems. Yesterday, as a matter of fact, there was a very well attempted Energy Summit hosted in Marquette, Michigan, about the UP issues. And the Governor's senior aide mentioned that she was very encouraged about the positive discussions going on among the parties, and hopeful that a solution could emerge in the near timeframe of the next 60 to 90 days. So we're very actively involved in those discussions. The only thing I really can add to that is that I think clearly the preference of the administration is building additional generation in the UP. And we have indicated we would be willing to be an investor, as part of that solution. Is that helpful, Steve?
Steven Fleishman - Wolfe Research: And then on the Governor election, I mean, obviously don't know who's going to win. But in the event there were to be a change in Governor in Wisconsin, how does that impact the Commission at all? Do they -- I mean their terms are still for a while, right?
Gale Klappa: Absolutely. In fact, really for the near-term and even in the medium-term, I would see really no change at the Commission. Chairman Montgomery, I believe has five years left on his six-year term; Commissioner Nowak has a very long period left on her six-year term; Commissioner Callisto, who is the prior Governor's appointee, his term expires in March of 2015. Of course, that seat would be appointed one way or another by the new Governor. But in terms of the two Governor Walker appointees on the Commission, they have very long periods left in their term. So I would really see no change in philosophy or approach of the Commission, regardless of which candidate wins. I will say everybody has been waiting with bated breath here for the latest poll. The polling firm that has been doing regular -- Marquette University, doing regular polling on the Governor's race and was actually the most accurate polling result from the Governor's recall race, a couple of years ago, literally just released the final poll before the election, about 15 minutes ago. And I'm told it shows Governor Walker up 50 to 43 among likely voters. So that would be a very big swing. It showed a tie just two weeks ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Just curious, what were the drivers or what enabled you to beat your initial third quarter guidance of $0.48 to $0.52? Was it the lower O&M due to the less stressed network, or is there anything else going on?
Gale Klappa: Probably three things going on. Certainly lower O&M due to less stress on the network was a factor. Truth of the matter is even though it's not a big gas quarter -- or not a big quarter for gas sales, our natural gas distribution sales came in better than expected, that was a help; medical expenses better than expected; and then September weather, while it was still cooler than normal was much closer to normal than July and August, and all those factors combined together to bring in numbers that were better than our own expectations.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: And then just remind us of where the state stands in their evaluation of the state-owned generation asset sale process?
Gale Klappa: Really no significant update from what we provided to you in the past. Everybody has been focused on the election. And as I've mentioned before, if Governor Walker wins the election, I suspect there will be some movement by the state since they've already hired a financial advisor to advice them on state asset sales. I would expect you would see some movement in 2015, if Mary Burke, the Democratic candidate wins. We are really uncertain as to whether she would pursue any sale of state assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to follow-up on a few things. First of all, on the Michigan stuff. There was a letter, as you know, that was sent to FERC. And they seemed to indicate among other things; this is from the Michigan Governor and what have you, that they saw some sort of conflict between ATC and generation. And they seem to allude to the idea that if there was a generation solution there may not be as big a need for a transmission investment. Can you address that at all? If you guys were to invest in generation would that, do you think impact the CapEx for ATC or something like that?
Gale Klappa: Well, let me frame it a little bit, then I'm going to ask Allen to give you his view as well, since Allen has been deeply involved in all of this, as have I. I think first, it's important to realize that the real concerns from the Michigan Governor's office and the Michigan Attorney General's office, the best we can tell and in our discussions with them, their real concerns are what I mentioned earlier. They are concerned about the future energy supply in the UP. It's a difficult situation up there as you know given customer choice, given the fact that the Presque Isle units need environmental control upgrades. And then there are lot of moving pieces, but I think that it's becoming clear that a very significant part of the longer term solution is new generation. And we have expressed a willingness to be an investor. Now clearly, if new generation is built that would mean less transmission will have be built; whether or not new generation alone would be sufficient to eliminate transmission upgrades, that's still to be decided. But clearly, an important part of the equation I think, Allen, is new generation.
Allen Leverett: Yes. I think, Paul, I guess your question also goes to, if I understand it, with the magnitude of transmission required would be less if you had additional generation in the UP. And I think our view would be that, yes, if you had generation up there, you'd certainly need less in the way of transmission upgrades. But I would emphasize less as opposed to actually being able to eliminate the need for any transmission upgrades. So it's not something I could quantify for you today, but I would say you sort of have two options. One is a pure transmission solution, which we don't think is a good option. The other is really a generation solution coupled with a greatly reduced amount of transmission, but I don't see an option, Paul, where there is no additional transmission investment at all.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then just with respect to the potential investment in new generation up there, is that possible that that would be part of the Cliffs investigation they are doing with Invenergy for a combined heat plants or is that probably something separate?
Gale Klappa: No. At the moment, there's lots of discussions going on and lot of ideas on the table, and a lot of cooperation among the parties and that's really about all I can tell you at this point.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: You mentioned 60 to 90 days being mentioned as it is wrapping it up, but do you think we might hear anything in the near-term or nearer-term regarding progress on this issue?
Gale Klappa: My guess is, and I'm simply guessing, because again a number of parties are at the table, lot of discussions going on. My guess is the most definitive statements will come either yearend or shortly thereafter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then finally, just a follow-up on Mike's question on the O&M and your answer about the high-deductible plan. You said that there might be a rebound in the fourth quarter. And I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on that? Is that because people have spent their deductible or is something else going on?
Gale Klappa: No. That's exactly it. We suspect that many people would have met their deductible by Q4. And therefore we might see slightly higher medical cost expenses in Q4 than when we were under a more traditional healthcare plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: One easy question for you. When you talk about the need for capacity in the UP, roughly how much in terms of megawatt capacity are we talking about? And are we simply just talking about gas-fired capacity replacing coal or is it conceivable there is a little more diversity in the fuel mix there?
Gale Klappa: Well, let me answer the second question first and then we'll get Allen's view on the capacity, because a number of different configurations could emerge. So I'm not sure we can give you a precise number on capacity. I would think, based on all the discussions so far, that a principal solution will be natural gas fired capacity probably combined-cycle natural gas plant. However, there is also discussion about augmenting that with some renewables. Again, lots of discussion on the table right now, but I would think the primary thrust would involve new natural gas combined-cycle capacity. Allen?
Allen Leverett: Yes. And I would say, Michael, in terms of amount of capacity, my view would be the amount of capacity required will be somewhere between 250 megawatts and 350 megawatts. But given the nature of the situation there, you'd have to configure that in a way, I mean for example, if there were combined-cycle, you'd probably want more than two trains, you'd probably want three trains, so that multiple CTs, multiple heat recovery steam generators, so that should be able to maintain them in a fashion that allows you to maintain the reliability in the UP. But my guess on range of capacity is in that 250 to 350 range.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And Allen, as long as I've got you, any update in terms of the multi-value project analysis that the Midwest ISO goes through in terms of evaluating all significant potential new transmission projects in that RTO, not just ones dealing with the UP?
Allen Leverett: No, not really. MISO continues with their current process. They have all the different appendices. I think they go from A to B, in terms of the way that they look at the projects and they evaluate the projects. So there is really no update, Michael, I'm sorry, that I could offer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Can I burden you with one more question on Michigan's comments concerning the merger? They were also, the Governor and AG were a little concerned about the ownership percentage that you'll have in ATC. And it made me think that are you also at risk by maintaining that higher a level of ownership or at least ATC at risk of losing their independence incentive ROE that they received from FERC? And could that be another potential driver that might, obviously, the simple solution is just to divest a small piece of ATC if you need to, but I'll leave it at that and let you comment.
Gale Klappa: The short answer on independence is no; no danger. And I'll let Allen give you the details.
Allen Leverett: Yes. But I guess on the independence point, Charles, at this point there is only one transmission company that FERC deems being capital I, independent, and that's ITC. So at this point they don't deem it to be independent anyway. So the fact that you have this merger is not going to change anything about that. But I do think, Charles, and I'm glad you asked a follow-up question, because I think a distinction here is very, very important. ATC is a member of MISO. And as such, they transfer control over their transmission facilities to MISO. So look, as a consequence, regardless of what entities are deemed to control ATC, ATC's transmission facilities are going to be under the control of MISO and nothing about the merger is going to change that fact. And the FERC has held on a number of occasions, at least three, that I am aware of that mergers of utilities that even own directly transmission facilities that are under the control of an RTO, don't raise any vertical market power concerns.
 :
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Well, that sounds like a good response, and I assume that will be in your rebuttal testimony.
Gale Klappa: It already is.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Was about already, the rebuttal on that?
Gale Klappa: It's filed yesterday.
Allen Leverett: Yes. Our answer, it was filed yesterday, Charles.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: I didn't read it yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: It sounds as though, even if you participate in the UP generation solution, it's not going to change your comments around equity needs.
Gale Klappa: No, it will not change our comments on our equity needs. You are absolutely correct.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And then one of the reasons you gave for your beat was that you had normal weather in September?
Gale Klappa: We had closer to normal weather in September. July and August were 18 standard deviations off the norm, and I am only slightly exaggerating. But we had basically assumed in our guidance, we would have an abnormally cool summer for all three months of the quarter. July and August certainly met our expectations for coolness. September, while below normal, was closer to normal.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: So you extrapolated July across the entire quarter?
Gale Klappa: Well, actually extrapolated June across the entire quarter.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you again for participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office. And that direct line is 414-221-2592. Thanks, again, everyone.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen Henderson Gale E. Klappa – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chairman of Wisconsin Gas LLC, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Gas LLC, President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, President of Wisconsin Gas LLC and Chairman of Executive Committee James Patrick Keyes – Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Allen L. Leverett – President, Chief Executive Officer of We Generation Operations and President of We Generation Operations Erick Asmussen – VP and CFO
Analysts: Greg Gordon – ISI Group Kit Konolige – BGC Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Andrew Bischof – Morningstar Inc., Research Division Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Brian Russo – Ladenburg Tim Winter – Gabelli & Co. Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's quarterly conference call. This call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available later today. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale E. Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Colleen, thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us as we review our 2014 second quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of Wisconsin Energy and CEO of our Generation Group; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings of $0.58 a share for the second quarter of 2014. This compares with earnings of $0.52 a share for last year's second quarter. Despite a cool and a rainy June that significantly reduced customer demand, we delivered solid results. And I must add that cost related to our acquisition of Integrys Energy Group reduced earnings by a penny a share during the quarter. Turning now to the state of the economy, Wisconsin unemployment rate declined to 5.7% in June and remains well below the national average, the unemployment rate in Wisconsin is now the lowest it’s been since 2008. (inaudible) broader economic backdrop deliveries of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers excluding the iron ore mines rose by 2.1% in the second quarter. We saw strength in several sectors including paper manufacturing, food products, rubber and plastics and primary metals. In addition, we continue to see stronger customer growth across our system. The electric service connections are up by 3.6% and the new natural gas installations are up 8.5% compared with the same period year. These gains reflect a bit stronger economy and the volume of customer switching from propane to natural gas. Later in my prepared remarks, I will update you on several positive developments in our core business as well as the progress we are making on the important construction projects we have underway. But first I would like to touch on our recent announcement to acquire Integrys Energy Group. Just to refresh your memory on June 23rd, we announced plans to acquire Integrys in a cash and stock transaction. Combing the two companies to form the WEC Energy Group will create a strong electric and natural gas delivery company with deep operational expertise scale and financial resources to meet the region’s future energy needs. We will be serving 4.3 million customers in Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan and Minnesota in fact the combination will create the eight largest natural gas distribution company in America and the strong cash flow of the combined company will be prudently invested in new and upgraded energy infrastructure. Now as you well aware, we have consistently used three criteria to evaluate any potential acquisition. First, we would have believed that the acquisition would be accretive to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Second, it would need to be largely credit neutral and finally we would have to believe there is a long term growth rate of any acquisition would be at least equal the Wisconsin Energy’s standalone growth rate. I am pleased to reiterate with you that we believe this combination meets or exceeds all three criteria. We expect the combined company will be able to grow earnings per share at 5% to 7% per year faster than either one of us projecting on a standalone basis. And importantly more than 99% of these earnings would come from regulated businesses. Our customers will benefit from the operational efficiency that comes with an increased scale and geographic proximity and over the time will enhance the operations of the seven utilities that will be part of our energy group by incorporating best practices system-wide. In addition, as many of you know Integrys today is one of the major owners of American transmission company with a 34.1% interest, Wisconsin Energy is the second largest owner with a 26.2% interest. The combined entity will have a 60% stake and what is the largest independent transmission company in the country. As you may remember, ATC’s ten year plan calls for investing between $3 billion to $3.6 billion, the bolster electric reliability in our region, it’s a solid plan and we welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment. Now in light of the acquisition, we have terminated our share repurchase program. The Integrys transaction will allow us to use our strong cash flow will allow us to use our strong cash flow for regulated investments. The proposed dividend policy of the combined company will be designed to keep Integrys shareholders neutral initially after taking into consideration both the stock and cash they will receive. In the period before closing, Wisconsin Energy plans to continue with its current dividend policy and of course that policy calls for 7% to 8% annual increase in our dividend. At closing, we would expect a further dividend increase for Wisconsin Energy shareholders to reflect the dividend policy of the combined company. Then going forward, projected payout target for the combined company will be 65% to 70% of earnings The transaction of course is subject to approvals from the shareholders of both companies and several regulatory agencies. The agencies include the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Federal Communications' Commission, the Public Service Commissions of Wisconsin and Michigan, the Illinois Commerce Commission and the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. The transaction is also subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and other customary closing conditions. We planned to file for approval of the acquisition in each of the four states next week. Filings at the Federal level are expected to be made before the end of August. We anticipate closing the transaction sometime during the second half of 2015. Also you may have seen the announcement this morning from Integrys and Exelon, Exelon’s constellation business unit has agreed to purchase Integrys unregulated power and natural gas marketing business. Exelon will pay $60 million for the Integrys retail operations plus adjusted networking capital at the time of closing. That working capital was about $183 million as of May 31 2014. The Integrys management team plans to provide you with an update during their quarterly earnings call which is now scheduled for August 7. Again, we believe our combination with Integrys will create the premiere regulated utility system in the Midwest with superior service and competitive pricing for years to come, the benefits to all stakeholders and the customers and communities we serve to the people we employ, to the shareholders who count on us to create value, our clear compelling and achievable. And now turning back to recent developments in Wisconsin Energy core business. On July 18, we have received the final written order from the Wisconsin commission approving our request to build and operate a new natural gas lateral in the west central Wisconsin. This 85 mile pipeline and connected facilities will run from northern Eau Claire County from the far western part of the state to the city of Tomah in west central Wisconsin. The project will address reliability concerns in region and meet growing demand. Demand of course has been driven by customers converting from propane to natural gas and by the growth of the sand mining industry in western Wisconsin. The commission’s approval also includes franchise awards for ten communities along the route and authorizes us to begin delivering natural gas within the borders of those ten communities. We expect to begin construction early next year on the project and complete the entire project in the fourth quarter of 2015. Our projected cost is between $175 million and $185 million excluding allowance for funds used during constructions. On the generation side of our business, you will recall that we are converting the fuel source for our valley power plant from coal to natural gas, the two unit valley plant the cogeneration facility located along the Menomonee River near downtown Milwaukee. Valley generates electricity for the grid, produces steam for more than 400 customers in the downtown Milwaukee business center and provides voltage support for our electric distribution network. I am pleased to report to you that the unit one conversion is now well under way. We stopped using coal at the unit in mid July and our scheduled calls for start-up and boiler tuning to begin in October in advance of course of the winter heating season. We plan to have unit one fully converted into natural gas by the end of the year. Valley would be available to operate at full power this winter with the unit one burning natural gas and unit two continuing to burn coal. Unit two is then scheduled to be converted to natural gas during 2015. We expect the total conversion cost to be $65 million to $70 million again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Now you may recall that in March of last year, we also began the major upgrade of the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the Valley facility. This pipeline replacement project has an estimated cost of approximately $30 million and is on time and on budget. Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating cost and enhance the environmental performance of the units. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain at 280 megawatts and we believe our plan will help support a vibrate downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Next, I would like to touch on the upgrade of our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant. Twin Falls was built way back in 1912 and it's one of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. The plant is located on the boarder of Wisconsin and Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. Construction is underway now to build the new powerhouse and spillway capacity that meets current Federal standards. Since our last updates, we began major construction work which includes building cofferdams and test blasting to prepare for rock excavation. These activities are scheduled for completion later this year; we expect that the new powerhouse will be operational in 2015. We plan to remove the old powerhouse during 2016. The total investment is budgeted at $60 million to $65 million again excluding allowance for funds used during constructions. We are also making just excellent progress on our fuel flexibility initiative at the Oak Creek expansion units. As you recall, these units were originally permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save our customers $25 million to $50 million a year depending on the mix. Last year we received environmental permits began making changes to the boilers and testing of blend of bituminous and Powder River Basin coal at the plant. And just a few weeks ago on July 7, we took the next step and filed the request with the Wisconsin Commission to approve $25 million of additional capital spending for modifications at the plant. If approved, these modifications will enable testing of up to 100% PRB coal. However, I should point out that to operate the units above at 20% PRB blend on a sustain basis further investment will be needed in fuel storage and handling equipment. Just the reminder, our end goal is to have the flexibility at the new Oak Creek units to increase the percentage of Powder River Basin coal up to 100%. Next, I would like to discuss the investment opportunities that we see as we focus on delivering the future. As we have previously reported to you, our capital budget calls for spending between $3.2 billion and $3.5 billion over the five year period between now and 2018. In this five year budget, the nature of our capital spending is shifting away from large projects such as our power the future units, renewable generation of larger quality controls. Instead our capital plan is comprised of many smaller projects that will continue to improve our generation and upgrade our aging distribution networks, over the next five years will have a much greater focus on pipes, polls, wires, transformers, and sub-stations, the building blocks of our delivery business. The primary risk associated with these projects are naturally more manageable even with the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work but this work is no less valuable or important than the mega projects we have completed in recent years. Our focus on renewing our distribution network is essential to maintaining our status is one of the most reliable utilities in America. So we will keep you posted as these needed infrastructure projects move forward. We are also monitoring another investment opportunity, the potential sale of the State of Wisconsin generation plants. Last year, you will recall Governor Walker signed in the law a new state budget. That budget includes a provision expanding the state’s authority to sell or lease certain state on properties. This means that the administration has the authority to pursue the sale of the state's electric, steam and chilled water generation and distribution facilities. Financial advisors have now been selected by the state and an asset broker has been named for the potential sale of the plants. No formal timetable has yet been announced but if the sale does take place, we expect that would occur in 2015. Turning now to Wisconsin regulatory matters, in May we reached the rate settlement facilitated by the Wisconsin Commission staff with three major customer groups, the settlement covers return on equity, capital structure and base rate changes for the forward looking test years 2015 and 2016. If approved by the Wisconsin Commission, Wisconsin Electric will have a return on equity of 10.2% with no change and its capital structure. Wisconsin Gas will have a return on equity of 10.3% with a higher equity component in its capital structure. The equity midpoint for Wisconsin thus would increase from 47.5% to 49.5%. Based on the settlement nonfuel electric rates will increase by 1.4% beginning in 2015, we expect these changes to be effective on January 1st. During the final months of this year, the remainder of the rate case will focus on rate design and on 2015 fuel cost recovery and with that – with that long update I would be happy to turn the things over to our Chief Financial Officer Pat Keyes, who will provide you more details on our second quarter results, Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2014 second quarter earnings were $0.58 a share as compared with $0.52 a share for the corresponding quarter in 2013. Cost related to the acquisition of Integrys Energy reduced earnings by $0.01 per share in the second quarter. Now consistent with past practice, I will discuss operating income for our business segments and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the second quarter was $240.7 million as compared with $229.5 million in 2013. That's an increase of $11.2 million. Starting with the utility energy segment, operating income in the second quarter totaled $155.2 million for 2014, an increase of $16.3 million over the second quarter of 2013. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, utility operations and maintenance cost declined by $40 million primarily because of lower medical, pension and other post employment benefit costs. Our earnings were also helped by $13.8 million related to the accounting on the treasury grant for our new biomass plant. Our second quarter 2014 earnings were hurt by a cool west spring, we estimate that our electric and gas margins declined by $5 million as a result of the weather. We also saw increased depreciation cost of $4.6 million primarily because of the biomass plant that was placed on a service in the fourth quarter of 2013. Combining these and other factors results in a $16.3 million increase in utility operating income in the second quarter of 2014 as compared with the same quarter in the prior year. Operating income in our nonutility segment was $91.7 million which is right in line with the prior year. Our corporate and other segment which includes corporate costs and smaller affiliates recorded $5.2 million with an increased cost in the second quarter of 2014 as compared to the second quarter 2013. The increased costs are directly related to the proposed acquisition of the Integrys Group. Taking the changes for these segments together, you arrive at the $11.2 million increase in operating income. During the second quarter, earnings from our investment in the American transmission company totaled $17.5 million, an increase of $200,000 over the same period last year. These earnings are in line with our expectation. Our other income net increased by $2.3 million. During the second quarter 2014 we’ve recognized gains in the sale of property in our west part subsidiary and land sales in the utility. Our net interest expense decreased by $4.3 million primarily because of lower debt levels and more average interest rates. Over the past year, we were able to issue long-term debt at interest rates at the lower than the maturing debt. Consolidated income tax expense rose by $4 million because of higher pretax earnings partially offset by a slightly lower tax rate for the quarter. Our effective tax rate for 2014 is expected to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. Combining all of these items brings you to $133 million of net income for the first second quarter 2014 or earnings of $0.58 per share. Again, these earnings include just over a penny of cost associated with the acquisition of Integrys. During the first six months of 2014, our operating cash flows totaled $721.3 million which is a $39.8 million increase from the first six months of 2013. We have collected $76.2 million this year related to the treasury grant. This benefit was partially offset by higher working capital requirements. Our capital expenditures totaled $305.5 million in the first six months of 2014; $1.8 million decrease compared it to 2013. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 50.8% at the end of June. Our calculation to reach half of our hybrid securities is common equity which is consistent with past presentations. Earlier in the year, we projected that our year-end debt-to-total capital will be relatively flat with our 2013 year-end ratio of 52.5%. Now with the termination of share repurchase program, we expect to see our year end debt to total capital below to last year's ratio. We continue to use cash to satisfy any shares required for 401-K plan, options and other programs. We also paid $176 million in common dividends in the first six months of 2014, an increase of $20.4 million over the same period last year. Dividends for 2014 equate to an annual rate of $1.56 per share. Retail deliveries of electricity rose by 3% in the first half of 2014 as compared to first half of 2013. Our normalized first half deliveries were up by 2.3%. Looking at the individual customer segments, we saw actual residential deliveries up 1.2% on a normalized basis which were flat with 2013. Across our small commercial industrial group, we saw year-to-date deliveries up 9% to 10%, another normalized basis, we were down two times of percent. In the large commercial industrial segment on a normalized basis, deliveries for the first half of 2014 were up by 6.6%. And if you exclude the iron ore mines we were up 2%. Overall these results are in line with our expectations. First half retail natural gas sales were up 13.8% compared to the first half of 2013. On a normalized basis, sales improved by 2.5%. Results from our natural gas delivery business are ahead of our expectations for the year. Moving to other items of interest, in May of 2014 our electric subsidiary issued a $250 million, 30 year bond at a coupon of 4.25%. This bond is essentially replaced by $300 million bond with a coupon of 6% that came due in April. Turing now to our earnings forecast. We are maintaining our 2014 guidance of $2.58 a share to $2.64 a share. Our 2014 guidance excludes cost related to the Integrys acquisition. While our results for the first half of the year exceeded our expectations, we have had a very cool summer. As many of you know we typically see our largest cooling demand during the warm summer days of July. However, we only have had four July since 1960 that have been cooler than the July of 2014. In fact Milwaukee has not seen a single 90 degree day this summer. So taking into account this cool July weather and looking at the continued cool forecast in August our third quarter guidance is $0.48 a share to $0.50 a share. This too excludes cost associated with the Integrys acquisition. Our third quarter guidance also reflects lower fuel recoveries as compared to the same quarter in 2013. These are largely timing issues that were factored into our 2014 fuel plant. So again, the range for our third quarter guidance is $0.48 a share to $0.50 a share and with that I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much let me zip up my parka before we go into the Q&A. Overall folks were on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: Now we would like to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa: Rock and roll Greg how are you?
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: I am doing great, Gale. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa: We are good.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: So one question you may not be able to answer but the Integrys announced the sale of their retail business -- the press release hit last night. I know you are at arm’s length on that when you look at the price that was announced, was that consistent with your understanding of the economics? Does it has anything to do – affect in any way the economics of your transaction or was it in line with your expectations?
Gale E. Klappa: Greg, very good question, certainly. In my conversations with my counterpart of Integrys we were supportive of the sale and the results as you saw published this morning in the new release were quite consistent with our expectations.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Great and I have a couple of questions that are probably CFO level questions. When I look at the revenues you have generated year-to-date from the different customer classes, electric revenues look more or less consistent in residential small commercial is the same as large commercial industrial is obviously down on bunch unrealized revenue and then it's more than offset by significant improvements in resell and other, so an you talk about what is driving that shift and how we should think about that prospectively?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, Pat and Scott are thinking, are you saying that those questions are above or below my pay-grade, which?
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Yes, the answer is yes.
James Patrick Keyes: Greg, Scott and me take team a little bit. But to get the – we talked in the first couple calls about opportunity of sales and if you look at the year-to-date we did quite well in the beginning of the year. And that's certainly driving a part of it and Scott do you want to add color to that at all or?
Scott Lauber: Yes the opportunity of sales are there but also on our other operating revenues we have the payment with the SSR payments for (inaudible) power plant.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Okay and the large commercial industrial falloff is the iron ore mines?
James Patrick Keyes: On the sales side, yes. That’s why we kind of with the mine decision last year we started reporting both sales and deliveries. So with the mines decision the sales numbers will fall commensurately but we kept the delivery numbers there so you kind of have an apples to apples to prior year on how much we are delivering.
Gale E. Klappa: The sales would include the generation side of the business; deliveries because we are still delivering electricity of the mines would include just total deliveries to all of our customers.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Understood and then the treasury grants are significant portion of your earnings contribution this year. Is the way that's going to work is when the plant comes up and running, treasury grants are going to sort of stop coming in but the plant will actually start earning and so you won’t see any significant sort of fluctuation in earnings. How is that going to work? 
Gale E. Klappa: That one is not below my pay grade so let me give you the facts on that and then Steve Dickson can help me if there is anything obscure. But essentially last year while the plant was under contraction, we were delivering the customer’s bill credits from the Federal tax grant that we expected to receive from the treasury department for building a biomass unit. Where the accounting rules worked, we basically took a three center share hit because we were actually paying cash credit on bills to customers in each of the first three quarters of 2013. So $0.03 in each of those three quarters, then when the plant went commercial, we completed the plant on time and on budget and brought it into service in November of last year, under the accounting rules we were able to book the grant. So there was a true up in Q4 of last year if you will, I think it was $0.09 pickup Steven in Q4 of last year. So forwarding that Greg, to our second quarter results this year, we didn't have any negative impact from the bill credits and we did last year. So we had three cent a share pick up in Q2 of this year because of the accounting rules compared to Q2 of last year. Am I making sense Greg?
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Hundred percent and how long do those treasury grant run through the P&L?
Gale E. Klappa: I think two years.
Steve Dickson: Yes in the right case we are going to give back to Wisconsin customers over a two year period and that will end in December of 2014. 
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Got you and so it will all come out in the wash so to speak when you do your rate design in new requirements for the next –
Gale E. Klappa: Absolutely. This will all come up -- this will all be completed basically before the new effective test year of January 2015.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc.: Completely understood. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa: You are welcome, Greg. Good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC. Please go ahead with your question.
Kit Konolige – BGC: Hi. Good afternoon guys.
Gale E. Klappa: How are you doing Kit?
Kit Konolige - BGC: Good. So just pretty simple old fashioned utility kind of question. So you have indicated that your level of sales was in line with expectations. So it looks like residential sales are kind of flat, flat to down for the first half or they were down in the first quarter and flat in the second?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes?
Kit Konolige - BGC: So what are you seeing there, I mean we have seen there is some other companies, is this any further deterioration in kind of customer usage by customer or just efficiency better refrigerators or tightness in spending on electricity because of the economy or what do we think is going on out there?
Gale E. Klappa: We thought about this profoundly and I think it's not enough beer in the refrigerator yet.
Kit Konolige - BGC: That’s a big problem in your service territory.
Gale E. Klappa: Exactly. Well I will give you my view for what it’s worth. First of all, when you look at our first half, I think it's fair to say that when you compare it to our projection for the year we were expecting retail sales in total to be up about one-half of 1%. But then when you break that down by customer group, large industrial, well actually I think did a little better than expectations both in Q1 and Q2 from industrial demand for electricity and I think we were up 2% Scott in Q1 compared to the first quarter year ago on industrial demand for electricity and 2.1% second quarter compared to Q2 of a year ago. So, again breaking down our kind of expectations better than we thought on industrial demand. When you look at small commercial and industrial, maybe a little less than we thought, it's pretty flat and then on residential it's flat, however, that’s on a weather normal basis. And again we had such abnormal weather in the first quarter that I think you have to just take for now our weather normalization with the grain of salt. Remember we have talked before Kit that when weather gets beyond the second standard deviation from normal, the industry's weather normalization techniques tend to break down. So I wouldn't read too much into it one way or another. The only I think interesting and perhaps hopeful fact coming out of the first half numbers for us in terms of demand for electricity as the uptake from industrial customers. Scott do you like?
Scott Lauber: Yes, that’s correct.
Kit Konolige - BGC: Sounds good. Okay just one other area for me and that is I might have missed some of this but what’s the schedule for the state sale of generation?
Gale E. Klappa: There have been no formal announcement of the schedule yet, however the state has hired both financial advisors and the broker and they have made that announcement just in the last probably I believe in June. So if there is a sale going forward of state assets we would expect that to be a 2015 event.
Kit Konolige - BGC: That would be 2015, when would you expect to hear from the state or to see it published whether they are or aren’t going ahead with it?
Gale E. Klappa: Again there’ve been no real indications from the state other than the fact that they believe they’ve made a major step forward in terms of interviewing and hiring specific financial advisors and a broker. Now one complicating factor is that they really are looking at the potential sale of a number of different types of properties though they have hired financial advisors for each type of property as well broker for the potential sale of the plants themselves. So they are really trying to organize a much broader potential sale of property than just the power plant themselves.
Kit Konolige - BGC: Very good. Okay. Thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa: You are welcome Kit. I appreciate your call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa: How is Cleveland Paul?
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Cleveland rocks.
Gale E. Klappa: Alright, I wonder that happened, I am sorry go ahead Paul.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Last year you did $0.60 in the third you and now you are guiding it down $0.11 to midpoint despite the $0.03 pick up from the tax. Can you just run through the big drivers is it all weather, sorry if I missed that?
Gale E. Klappa: It’s really two things and Pat can elaborate if he would like to it’s really weather? We’ll its four things, the first three are weather. I mean literally this has been one of the coldest Julys on record in Wisconsin. I think Pat mentioned in his portion of the prepared remarks, the weather forecast was saying we will not have a single 90 degree day this entire summer in Wisconsin. I’m figuring if this continues Paul we’re going to be at 30 below in October. I mean really it has been incredibly cool and honest to goodness the weather forecast for August looks to be a repeat of July in terms of way colder than normal. So we’ve tried to take into account what we know has occurred in July which is just incredible lack of demand for air conditioning for obvious reasons and extrapolate that to August and then of course there is some timing Pat on fuel recovery.
James Patrick Keyes: That's right, Gale. Does that answer your question Paul I can dive in more if you like but that's – I think that’s the bulk of it.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: How big is the fuel piece?
James Patrick Keyes: Round numbers $0.02, $0.03.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay and then just kind of assuming you close Integrys, you own 60% of ATC, how will that pull to your income statement at that point?
Gale E. Klappa: I will ask Alan to answer that. He is the king of well know he had a resign his kingdom ATC.
Allen Leverett: Yes, my assumptions would be Paul that since we will not have effective control of ATC even though we will have 60% economic interest. Since we will not have effective control because of the voting arrangement that we proposed, that we would still follow the equity method of accounting. So over in the asset set, you would have a statement already interest but I guess it's a majority interest in this case but you have a minority interest so you show you equity investment and you just take the earnings down.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: What's the board composition?
Gale E. Klappa: The board composition of ATC or the combined company?
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: ATC.
Allen L. Leverett: Well I guess when you say the composition let me back up and maybe just quickly go through the voting arrangement that we proposed. So what we proposed Paul is that the new combined company so this would be WEC Energy Group, WEC Energy Group would vote without limitation the 34% that Integrys Energy Group currently holds and then it would vote the remaining 26%, so that’s the 26% the Wisconsin Energy holds now they would vote that in proportion to held the other shareholders vote. So in other words, Paul, we would be essentially in the same position that Integrys is today in terms of control, so that’s how control would work and then you would vote for directors just like you vote for directors now and we will lead the position the same way as Integrys.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: I think you went over this on the call when you announced the deal (inaudible) okay, thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa: You are welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Bischof with Morningstar Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa: How are you Andy?
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Good. How are you? Any new share repurchase in the quarter before you announce the Integrys acquisition and cancellation buyback program?
Gale E. Klappa: So there were nothing – there were no share repurchases in Q2.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay and Gale if I could ask your overall thoughts on the EPA’s green power plant announcement in June (inaudible) Wisconsin Energy and your overall discussions with the state regulators so far?
Gale E. Klappa: Right, be happy to. Just to refresh everybody's memory, the environmental protection agency issued its proposed rule for CO2 reductions in essence from existing sources. And I believe the comment period now runs until October 16 of this year. Wisconsin's target and as you recall, each of the contiguous 48 states have been given separate CO2 reduction targets. And those targets were designed individually for each state by the staff of the EPA. Wisconsin’s target 34% reduction. Nationwide, the reduction target is 30% so we are just slightly above the national average. I think for many of us, while I will give the EPA very, very strong marks for creativity I mean they have never tried to tackle problem with this type of an approach before and they have really tried to give the individual states flexibility. But I don't personally feel like we were given credit for taking early action. I mean we have invested $9 billion in energy infrastructure since 2003 much of that has been either in modern and efficient generating units, renewables energy efficiency, other approaches that can and have reduced greenhouse gas emissions. So if you look on our system, our green house gas emissions for the Wisconsin Energy are actually below the levels they were in 2000 and we just don't feel like we have been given credit for the early action and I think that's the standard view among of my counterparts in the industry. So we are going to be commenting on several things as we work our way through the comment period here one of which is we simply don't feel like the appropriate credit has been given for the early action and for the renewables that we have put in place, there is still lack of clarity which EPA admits around how they will treat biomass plants and of course in terms of emissions and of course we have almost $270 million investment we have just completed in our biomass plant that does meets the state's renewable portfolio standards. And then one of the building blocks that the EPA has pointed out in terms of how states can try to flexibly meet the new target is to really run the combined cycle of natural gas fired power plants in the country up to 70% capacity factor. That is difficult in many parts not just Wisconsin but in many parts of the country, the natural gas infrastructure to achieve that kind of capacity factor for natural gas units is just not there. It's just not in place. So we think there are a number of comments that we want to make. Overall though I still feel like we are quite well positioned as a company and the reason I think we are well positioned as the company is because of how efficient our new units are. Our units at Oak Creek which burn coal as you know, are among the top ten most efficient best log units in the country and one of the cleanest burning power plants literally in the world and our new natural gas unit at Port Washington, our new combined cycle units at Port Washington are the most efficient natural gas units in the Midwest. So given the fact that they emit less ounce per CO2 or less ounce of CO2 per unit of output, I still think we are well positioned as anyone. I hope that helps.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Excellent detail. I very much appreciate it.
Gale E. Klappa: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey Gale. Question for you little bit about natural gas demand. What do you think over the last year's weather normalize natural gas demand has been in Wisconsin and what do you think if anything the new normal maybe?
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. Well, levelized natural gas demand I would think it has gone up, it has got about 1% over the –
Allen Leverett: It’s about 0.5% to 1%.
Gale E. Klappa: About 0.5% to 1% what we have seen on weather normal basis. Where is it going? I am still in the camp but there is potential for it to go up however. In the last two years, we have had as I mentioned earlier some of the most abnormal weather both warm and cold that really stresses the weather normalization techniques that the industry applies number one. So that's one thing that I think the jury is still out on. We need some more time to be able to determine whether a pattern of growth is stronger than we project. The other piece though is we are continuing to see in our state at any rate, a much quicker conversion of customers from propane to natural gas. You saw the statistics, or heard the statistics from our prepared script but I think we have got in terms of percentage of new customer connections for natural gas this year versus last year, we are up about 8.5%. So there are a number of competing factors here and moving pieces. I think it's still too early to tell whether or not we are in a stronger uptake patterns in terms of weather normalize natural gas consumption at retail. Again in states there are heavy propane users and Wisconsin I believe is the fifth heaviest state in the country in terms of propane use. We see some real potential opportunity.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Second, where does Illinois fall in that kind of realm when you think about potential for conversions and about local gas utility natural gas-related demand? Finally, and I'll knock them all out at once, of the $14 million in lower year-over-year O&M expense, how sustainable is that I mean when we look out to ’15, ’16 or ’17, kind of multi-year out, is that a, hey, we're resetting the bar here to live within some of the regulatory kind of pieces of the regulatory agreement versus this is kind of a one-off?
Gale E. Klappa: Alright. Good question again Michael. Let me tackle your Illinois question first. I don't see much in terms of propane conversion opportunity in the Integrys Group companies in Illinois because it's really people's gas so that is downtown and city of Chicago and then north shore which again very-very close to city itself. So I don't see the kinds of propane conversion opportunities in Illinois that we are seeing in Wisconsin and I hope that answers that question. And then I would also add in terms of the regulatory construction in Illinois for people's gas they are in a decoupled situation where we are not in Wisconsin. So, two different animals there and then in terms of O&M, in essence what a large chunk of and yes there are some sustainable productivity in cost reduction gains that we saw in the first half and that I think it will be permanent. But the line of share of $14 million of O&M cost reductions really came from lower medical and employee benefit expense and the reason for the medical we believe is that all of our employees switched as of January 1 of this year to high deductible plan. So the comparison maybe a little skewed in terms of medical costs, in terms of timing of when the company gets the medical cost flowing through. So we will see we will have a lot better picture in terms of medical cost and other employment costs, benefit costs, over the course of this year. The pattern maybe a little different this year and I suspect that it will be.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Meaning you think that O&M cost could be more backend loaded versus frontend loaded during the course of the year or I am not sure I totally follow you there.
Gale E. Klappa: Sorry. The answer to your question is yes, particularly as it relates to medical. And here is why, I think for an individual we have $2500 deductible and for a family I think it's $5,000. So that was not in place with our low-deductible plans last year. So we suspect that our medical expenses will be back end loaded this year compared to last year and so yes the answer is there maybe some additional medical O&M expenses coming through in Q3 and Q4.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Thanks Gale. I appreciate it.
Gale E. Klappa: You are more than welcome. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Brian Russo with Ladenburg. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa: Good afternoon Brian.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg: Good afternoon. Just curious, most of my questions were asked and answered but what were the drivers enabling your guys to beat your second quarter guidance of $0.50 to $0.52?
Gale E. Klappa: Well there are three drivers that I would point out and Pat and Scott can certainly add to that if they would like. The first we have talked about earlier which was O&M reduction. That's worth about excluding the merger cost, that's worth about $0.04 a share compared to last year. Then we have talked about the biomass tax credits and because of the accounting rules, there was a $0.03 of share hit in Q2 a year ago versus no hit in this year's second quarter. And then we had a lower effective tax rate which helped us by about a penny. On the negative side, there was a penny of merger cost and a penny of weather. So if you strip all that out, essentially those were the answers.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg: Right. There was O&M reduction ahead of your expectations I am asking because you have guided to $0.50 to $0.52 in the second quarter but you reported $0.58 so there is something exceeded your original expectations.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes absolutely. Pat, go right ahead.
James Patrick Keyes: So yes Brian, sorry. Some of the O&M we didn’t expect. So medical was a little better than we thought. I talked about timing differences hurting us in Q3 in the guidance we actually got little help in Q2 versus what we have planned. I am going to write it off – start it with there is no one big answer, it's lots of cats and dogs I gave you two, here is a couple more. Gas sales came in a little better than what we had forecast probably because it was colder in the first half in the quarter and then the other income I talked about the land sells in the west park was something we didn’t anticipate either. So lots of little things kind of added up to give us better than guidance.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg: Got it. Thank you very much.
James Patrick Keyes: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Winter - Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Gale E. Klappa: How are you Tim?
Tim Winter - Gabelli & Co.: Good afternoon Gale. I just have a strategic question on ATC, so (inaudible) are the new hot thing and it looks like wind stream just got IRS approval to classify their transmission assets as real estate investment trust. Could you or is there any benefit that you guys have putting ATC in a retype structure?
Allen L. Leverett: Tim this is Allen I guess at this point and of course we are certainly open to things that would provide value for our shareholders. So if we found later that it was advantageous to put something in a different structure or some other which certainly be open. However, I think one big issue that we would have to face if I understand the restructure correctly; there is a requirement to payout I think more than 90% of your earnings in dividends well we have a company like ATC which has got a very-very healthy amount of growth in investments. If that company would have to payout say 90%+ in dividends they are going have to be very regularly in a position where they have to raise equity and I am not sure that that would be a good thing necessarily, a good position to be in. So that would a concern that I would have. A second concern is how exactly would the provision for income taxes for that company be treated in FERC rate making. And so one of the benefits which you get with the REIT as you only have a single level of taxation, right? Well, I am not sure how you keep that benefit relative to our current structure if you have to give all that provision for income tax benefit back the customers. So at a high levels those would be the two concerns that I would have about the REIT structure but again Tim, you know if it ended up but at some point that was adventurous and certainly be very open to another structure, hopefully that make sense.
Tim Winter - Gabelli & Co.: Yes it does, thank you.
Allen L. Leverett: You are welcome, Tim.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Gale?
Gale E. Klappa: Hi Julian, how are you doing?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Dandy.
Gale E. Klappa: Glad to hear that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. So let me cut back to that last question little bit and ask a little bit of a different ways. So there is the cost to capital is getting a bit competitively, how are you all feeling in your ability to compete for those planned acquisitions in the state and specifically I’d be curious do you feel like you have any incumbent advantage as being in the state synergies or otherwise that would allow you to kind of outcompete anyone else who might be looking at those assets?
Allen Leverett: So your question is about the state power plant, it’s not about ATC?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Indeed.
Gale E. Klappa: My guess is that minor movements in the cost of capital are not going to be a major impediment or a major benefit one way or the another. If the state does move forward with the selling the state owned steam and generating plants, I think they are going to be looking obviously for us competitive prices they can get but they are also going to be looking for the type of experience that I think we bring to the table. Again, these plants are providing pretty essential services to places like state owned hospitals to places like all the state capital, all the major universities and the system in Wisconsin and so I think there are going to be other factors, other than just pure price that will play into the winning bidder if the process does go forward. So experience and a track record are being able to operate these types of plants to improve the operations of the plants and to add environmental upgrade on time and on budget, I am confident it would a factor here.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent and then another high level conversation, coal rail deliveries continuing to hear commentary from other folks, where do you guys stand on that, anything to add to the mix?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, we will let Allan talk about how tight things are right now.
Allen Leverett: Yes, most of our deliveries are from the Union Pacific although we do have a percentage wise a small amount from the Burlington Northern and a small amount from the Norfolk southern and we have had a lot of challenges really with all the railroads this year but particularly with the Burlington Northern. Some of that stuff is in their control, a lot of it is out of their control for example they had a lot of flooding of some the lines earlier this year but from inventory standpoint our coal inventories are pretty tight right now. We are not up to the levels that we would like them to be and we are not yet on the path to getting the levels that we want to be at in late September. So we certainly have and had to curtail operations of our plants. You may have seen some, in fact there was a news article this morning that a utility in Wisconsin is saying that they might actually have to shut down one of their coal plants because of the bad inventory situation. So it certainly not a level that would calls curtailment but it’s something that I am focusing very much on with our group in terms of coal deliveries and it’s something we would be happy to give you another update on when we have our call in October.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. Just cutting back to ATC, specifically, I'd be curious, any comments of late on both the competitive FERC process, there've been some tweaks in MISO. Do you feel better about the FERC 1000 process and then separately any commentary of late on the New England case as it relates to ATC?
Allen Leverett: I guess no change really on our view of the competitive. This is the order of 1,000 process I mean of course within our traditional footprint within Wisconsin and the UP of Michigan we still have right of first refusal on non-multi value project. So that’s still there, we feel good about that and we feel good about our ability to compete for multi-value projects. But not a lot to add really on the process out east with the FERC ROE review, you know Julian the range of numbers that we had heard thrown out at the FERC low end was 10.57 return high end I believe it was 11 and three quarters and that compares to a current 12.2 at ATC so on a worse case basis, if ATC were taken all the way down to 10.57 that would be about a $0.04 per share impact on the combined company. So if you looked at the WEC Energy Group with the 60% ownership and ATC that would be about $0.04 impact at the low end, at the higher end 11 and three quarters it would be $0.01 a share. So still relatively nominal impacts but it’s something will – it’s not decided at this point and certainly.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Presumably you go back and get riders on top of that? 
Gale E. Klappa: Well that’s uncertain. You are talking about incentives?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Yes, sorry incentives.
Gale E. Klappa: I don’t believe so.
Allen Leverett: Well ATC has not gotten the incentive adder but they have gotten things like a full quip in rate base approach. So we traditionally have not gotten the – I will call it the incentive ROC which is one of the reasons why I think, we at least have shot that maintaining the 12 because we were never getting the incentive level.
Gale E. Klappa: And never asking for them really.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Right, absolutely. Great, well thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa: Thank you very much. Well, ladies and gentlemen that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. Colleen Henderson will be available at our Investor Relations office, and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thanks, again, everybody. Take care.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen Henderson Gale E. Klappa - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chairman of Wisconsin Gas LLC, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Gas LLC, President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, President of Wisconsin Gas LLC and Chairman of Executive Committee James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Allen L. Leverett - President, Chief Executive Officer of We Generation Operations and President of We Generation Operations
Analysts: Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Bill Appicelli Vedula Murti Andrew Levi
Colleen Henderson: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's conference call to review 2014 first quarter earnings call. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Colleen, thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us as we review our 2014 first quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of Wisconsin Energy and CEO of our Generation Group; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings of $0.91 a share for the first quarter of 2014. This compares with earnings of $0.76 a share for last year's first quarter. The results were much stronger during the first 3 months of this year, primarily because of the extreme winter weather that gripped our service area. In fact, we delivered more natural gas to our customers during the first quarter of 2014 than during any other quarter in history. We exceeded the previous record for gas deliveries set in the first quarter of 2008 by more than 11%. On the generation side of our business, our newest coal units, the expansion units at our Oak Creek site, performed exceptionally well. And total sales of power from our generating fleet, over and above the demand from our retail and wholesale customers, were up more than 157% in the first quarter. The margin on these sales helps our customers by reducing our fuel costs, and the capacity helps to keep the lights on and energy flowing throughout the region. Now as all of you know, the price of natural gas in the Midwest spiked pretty significantly during the first quarter. We estimate that our new generating units saved our customers more than $42 million in fuel costs this quarter because the units ran on coal as compared to natural gas. Ladies and gentlemen, this is another compelling example of the value of fuel diversity. Our distribution network also performed very well during the harshest winter conditions that we've seen in more than 30 years. And as we saw, our deliver the future program provides some early dividends for our customers. As part of deliver the future, we accelerated the replacement of older natural gas distribution lines on our network. These are the very lines that are the most susceptible to problems and leaks, given severe cold weather. Turning now to the state of the economy. Wisconsin's unemployment rate declined to 5.9% in March and remains well below the national average. The unemployment rate in Wisconsin is now the lowest it's been since 2008. With a bit brighter economic backdrop, deliveries of electricity to our large commercial and industrial customers rose by 1.6% in the first quarter. We saw strength in several sectors, including paper manufacturing, food processing, rubber and plastics and chemical production. In addition, we continue to see stronger customer growth across our system. New electric service connections are currently up 4.4%, and new natural gas installations are up by more than 7%. This reflects a rebound in home building in our region and the volume of customers who are switching from propane to natural gas. Next, I'd like to update you on 2 of our larger construction projects that we have underway. First, you'll recall that we're planning to convert the fuel source for our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. The Valley plant is a cogeneration facility located along the Menominee River near downtown Milwaukee. Valley, of course, generates electricity for the grid, produces steam for more than 400 customers in the downtown business center and provides voltage support for our electric distribution network. I'm pleased to report that we received final approval from the Wisconsin Commission in March, and we've issued a full notice to proceed to our general contractor. We plan to complete the conversion of 2 boilers at the Valley plant in 2014 and the remaining 2 boilers in 2015. We're projecting the costs to be in the range of $65 million to $70 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. You may recall that in March of last year, we also began a major upgrade of the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. This pipeline replacement project has an estimated cost of $26 million and is on time and on budget. Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain at 280 megawatts, and we believe our plan will help support a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Next, I'd like to touch on the work we have underway to upgrade our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant. In October of last year, we began building a new powerhouse at the Twin Falls site on the border of Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Twin Falls is one of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. It was built back in 1912. It's licensed to operate until the year 2040, but the existing powerhouse badly needs repair. We considered several alternatives but the most prudent course is to build a new powerhouse and add spillway capacity that meets current federal standards. Since our last update, engineering and preconstruction activities have begun and major construction activity will begin in the next few weeks. Work to excavate rock and build cofferdams is scheduled for completion this year. We expect the new powerhouse will then be operational in 2015 and the existing powerhouse to be removed in 2016. The total investment is budgeted at $60 million to $65 million, again, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Switching gears now. Our board, as you may recall, has authorized us to repurchase up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock from 2014 through 2017. This is the second phase of our repurchase program. You may recall that our board had previously authorized the purchase of up to $300 million of common stock from 2011 through 2013. So in the first quarter of this year, we purchased approximately 426,000 shares. In total, since our buyback program began, we've repurchased 8,103,000 shares at a cost of $296.4 million. This equates to an average purchase price of $36.58 a share. And as we've previously announced, our board has adopted a dividend policy that trends to a 65% to 70% payout ratio in 2017. This policy should support annual dividend increases of 7% to 8% from 2015 to 2017, as we move to a payout ratio that is more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. In January, our board raised the quarterly dividend to $0.39 a share, an increase of 30% over the dividend that was paid during 2012. The new quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.56 a share. Next, I'd like to discuss the investment opportunities that we see in our core business as we focus on delivering the future. As we previously reported, our capital budget calls for spending $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the 5-year period 2014 through 2018. In this 5-year budget, the nature of our capital investments is shifting away from the higher-profile projects such as our Power the Future units, renewable generation and larger quality controls. Instead, our capital plan is comprised of many smaller projects that will upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure. For the next 5 years, we will focus on pipes, poles, wires, transformers and substations, the building blocks of our delivery business. Between now and the end of '18, we plan to rebuild 2,000 miles of electric distribution lines that are today more than 50 years old. We also intend to replace 18,500 power poles, 20,000 transformers and literally hundreds of substation components. On the natural gas side of our business, we plan to replace 1,100 miles of vintage plastic and steel gas mains, as well as 83,000 individual gas distribution lines and approximately 233,000 meter sets. Of course, the primary risks associated with these projects, developmental, legal, regulatory and construction, are naturally more manageable, given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the megaprojects we've completed in recent years. Our focus on renewing our distribution network is essential to maintaining our status as one of the most reliable utilities in America. So we'll keep you posted as these needed infrastructure upgrades move forward. We're also making excellent progress, I'm pleased to report, on our fuel flexibility initiative at the Oak Creek expansion units. These units were initially permitted, you may recall, to burn bituminous coal. However, given the current cost differential between bituminous and Powder River Basin coal, blending the 2 types of coal could save our customers $25 million to $50 million a year in fuel cost, depending on the mix. In May of last year, we received all the environmental approvals we need and began testing a blend of bituminous and Powder River Basin coal at the plant. Test results continue to be promising. Further testing is scheduled to identify equipment modifications that could be needed to permanently increase the percentage of Powder River Basin coal used at the Oak Creek expansion units. If significant modifications are required, we expect to seek approval from the Wisconsin Commission in late 2014. On the natural gas side of our business, we're planning to build a new natural gas lateral in west-central Wisconsin. The Wisconsin Commission has scheduled technical and public hearings for mid-May on this project, and we anticipate a commission decision in the third quarter of this year. The 85 mile line would run from Eau Claire County in the far western part of the state to the city of Tomah in Monroe County. The project will address reliability concerns in Western Wisconsin and meet growing demand. Demand is being driven by customers converting from propane to natural gas and by the growth of the sand mining industry in the region. I might add that all 10 communities along our preferred route have now passed resolutions authorizing us to begin operating natural gas distribution systems within their borders. If we receive timely approval, we expect to complete the project in the fourth quarter of 2015. The project is expected to cost between $150 million and $170 million, again, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. This winter's bitter cold simply underscores the need to expand our natural gas distribution network in the western part of the state. You may have read there were serious propane shortages across the region, and as I mentioned, we delivered more natural gas to customers during the first quarter of this year than during any other quarter in history. We're also pursuing and launching another potential investment opportunity, the potential sale of the state of Wisconsin's electric and steam-generating plants. Last year, Governor Walker signed into law a new state budget. That budget includes a provision expanding the state's authority to sell or lease certain state-owned properties. This means that the administration has the authority to pursue the sale of the state's electric steam and chilled water production and distribution facilities. The state is moving forward and is now in the final stages of selecting a financial advisor and a broker for the potential sale of a number of assets, including the plants. No formal timetable has been announced but if the sale does take place, we expect it would occur in 2015. Turning now to Wisconsin regulatory matters. In May, we plan to file a request with the Wisconsin Commission that will cover our investment and our projected expenses for the 2015 and 2016 test years. And finally, before closing my remarks, I'd like to provide an update on our operations in Michigan. Under Michigan law, retail customers may choose an alternative energy supplier. The law limits customer choice to 10% of Michigan's retail sales. But the law excludes from this cap the iron ore mines in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The 2 iron ore mines that we were serving on a low-margin, interruptible tariff switched to an alternative supplier in September of 2013. Several smaller retail customers have switched as well. Of course, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions regardless of the power supplier. We've taken and will continue to take multiple steps to address this situation. We filed a request with MISO, the mid-continent grid operator, to suspend the operation of all 5 of our units at the Presque Isle Power Plant. Last fall, however, MISO determined that all the units are necessary to maintain reliability in Northern Michigan. As a result, we're eligible for system support resource payments from MISO to recover our costs for operating the units. Under our agreement, MISO will pay us an availability fee to ensure that the units are maintained and available to run and a fee to cover our costs when the units are actually operating. On April 1, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission accepted our 1-year agreement with MISO. The payments will be retroactive to February 1 of this year. It's also important to note that we will need to invest in environmental upgrades at the Presque Isle plant to meet EPA's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards by 2016. Since we expect the units will still be needed for reliability at that time, we anticipate the cost of these upgrades will be reimbursed through an agreement with MISO. So in conclusion, ladies and gentlemen, our company is off to a strong start, both financially and operationally, in 2014. And now for more details on our first quarter, here's our Chief Financial Officer, the famous Pat Keyes.
James Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2014 first quarter earnings were $0.91 a share compared with $0.76 a share for the corresponding quarter in 2013. Consistent with past practice, I will discuss operating income for our 2 business segments and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the first quarter was $381.8 million as compared to $321 million in 2013. That's an increase of $60.8 million. Starting with the utility energy segment, you will see that operating income in the first quarter totaled $292.7 million for 2014, an increase of $62.1 million over the first quarter of 2013. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, we estimate that our electric and gas margins improved by $32.6 million because of the weather. We experienced temperatures that were 24% colder than normal and 16% colder than last year. Our earnings were also helped by $14.2 million related to the accounting on the treasury grant for our new biomass plant. Last year, we could not recognize the grant income until the plant was complete. Finally, our utility nonfuel operations and maintenance costs are down by $13 million, driven in large part by lower pension and medical costs. Now turning to our nonutility segment. Operating income in this segment was down $1.4 million when compared to 2013. Last year, we recorded onetime entries to reflect the final approval of our Power the Future plant cost in the last Wisconsin rate case. Making the changes for these 2 segments together and a slight improvement in corporate and other, you arrive at the $60.8 million increase in operating income. During the first quarter, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $17.3 million, an increase of $700,000 over the same period last year. These earnings are in line with our expectations. Our other income net declined by $3.3 million, primarily because of lower AFUDC. AFUDC decreased as a result of the completion of the biomass plant last November. Our net interest expense decreased by $2.7 million, primarily because of lower debt levels. Our debt at the end of this quarter was $56.4 million lower than at the end of last year's first quarter. Consolidated income tax expense rose by $29.9 million because of higher pretax earnings and a higher effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2014 is expected to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. Combining all of these items brings you to $207.6 million of net income for the first quarter 2014 or earnings of $0.91 per share. Our earnings per share also were helped by approximately $0.01 because of our share repurchases. During the first quarter of 2014, our operating cash flows totaled $385.1 million, which is a $54.8 million increase from 2013. The increase came primarily from higher net income and a better working capital position. Our capital expenditures totaled $129.2 million in the first quarter, a $4.4 million decrease compared to 2013. We saw slightly lower expenditures because construction of the biomass project was completed in 2013. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 51.4% at the end of March. Our calculation to reach half of our hybrid securities is common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. The projected year-end debt to total capital is expected to be relatively flat with 2013 year end. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. We also paid $88.1 million in common dividends in the first quarter of 2014, an increase of $10.3 million over the first quarter last year. Dividends for 2014 equate to an annual rate of $1.56 per share. And as shown in the earnings package on our website, retail deliveries of electricity rose by 3.6% in the first quarter of 2014 as compared to the first quarter of 2013. Our normalized first quarter sales were up by 1.7%. Looking at the individual customer segments, with the extremely cold weather, we saw actual residential sales up 5.8%, and on a normalized basis, residential sales were up 1.7%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, we saw quarterly delivery sales up 3.8%, and on a normalized basis, sales of small commercial and industrial customers were up 1.8%. In the large commercial and industrial segment, on a normalized basis, delivery sales for the first quarter of 2014 were up 1.6%. And if you exclude the iron ore mines, sales were up 1.8%. Overall, these results are ahead of our expectations. First quarter retail natural gas sales were up nearly 19% compared to the first quarter of 2013. On a normalized basis, sales improved by 3.2%. These results are also ahead of our expectations for the year. Turning now to our earnings forecast. First, we are raising our 2014 guidance. Our prior guidance was $2.53 a share to $2.63 a share. Our revised guidance is $2.58 a share to $2.64 a share. While our first quarter clearly exceeded our expectations, we still have 9 more months of weather ahead of us. So again, our revised guidance for 2014 is $2.58 a share to $2.64 a share. And for the second quarter, our guidance is $0.49 a share to $0.51 a share. This assumes normal weather. Our second quarter guidance is slightly lower than the $0.52 we earned in the second quarter of 2013 due to the timing of operations and maintenance expense and fuel recoveries. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is actually Paul Zimbardo for Julien. Just a quick question on the plant in the environmental recovery. Could you provide kind of a little background there and time line, if you could?
Gale E. Klappa: The plant in the environmental -- are you talking about...
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The SSR in Presque Isle.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, okay. Let me frame it for you and Allen can give you some of the details. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, one way to look at this really is that MISO, the Midwest grid operator, has basically become the principal customer for that plant. So MISO, under our agreement and with approval from FERC, is basically paying us to operate the plant. Now the plant will become subject to the new Mercury and Air Toxics Standards by 2016. So environmental investments will be needed if the plant is going to continue to operate. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Right. And Julian (sic) [Paul], that's of course, the MATS rule that we have to be in compliance with by April of 2016. So our expectation would be that we would be able to do dry sorbent injection at the plant. Cost range for that, when we were doing some testing in June, but I would expect that the range of costs for that in terms of a capital investment is $6 million to $12 million is a likely range, if we had to do dry sorbent injection for all 5 units, if MISO wanted us to maintain all 5 of the units. And then as Gale mentioned just now and in the script, our expectation would be that those dollars would be recovered in a system support resource agreement with MISO.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So a total of $6 million to $12 million for all of the units [ph]?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. So if we had to put DSI, if they wanted us to maintain all 5, $6 million to $12 million for all 5, Julien (sic) [Paul].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Well, I was going to have -- the first question is, how many points are you going to give me on that Green Baby?
Gale E. Klappa: We'll negotiate.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My second question is, when we think about your long-term articulated earnings growth aspiration, Gale, should we still be thinking about it off of the original guidance? Or should we be basing our expectations off of the new guidance, taking into account the weather and the accounting -- the treasury grant and those other items?
Gale E. Klappa: On the 4 to 6? Okay. Well, really, Greg, as you know, the weather can move us in one direction or another pretty quickly. So I would suggest you maintain your look in terms of the longer-term growth rate of our normal guidance of 4% to 6% -- or of our guidance of 4% to 6% EPS growth based on normal weather.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: I'm just curious, on the increased guidance, is it all weather related? Or is it also a piece of -- a component of that is how that weather-normalized sales are tracking ahead of your expectations?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, first, I'd like to know what you did with Pat at that dinner. But anyway, you're talking about our revised guidance for the remainder of 2014?
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Correct.
Gale E. Klappa: Basically, what we've done is taken into account some impact from the weather. On the other hand, we know we're going to see some additional operation and maintenance expenses, gas leak inspections and other distribution network work that has got to be carried on is going to raise our O&M some going forward. So in essence, what we've done is tempered our look at Q1, knowing that there are going to be some additional O&M coming down the pike and raise our guidance slightly as you saw. So basically, weather-driven offset by what we know is going to be some higher O&M. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Gale, I think that you nailed it. I think that's the main points, Brian.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I think your long-term weather-normalized sales forecast is 0.7%. Should we bump that up to what we've seen in the first quarter? Or is it still too early for that?
Gale E. Klappa: Way too early for that, Brian. As you know, the weather normalization techniques in our industry tend to fall apart or tend to be less accurate when you get into the tail, when you get beyond 2 standard deviations. And I think with this weather in the first quarter, we were like 8 standard deviations away from norm. So I wouldn't read too much into weather normalization for Q1, and I think our roughly 0.5% projection for the normal growth is still pretty accurate.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then do you plan on issuing any debt at the utility in 2014?
Gale E. Klappa: We will ask Mr. -- we do have some maturities, but in fact one where we had a bond offering just matured, so we do have some plans.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, Brian, we got a couple of things coming. At Wisconsin Electric, the WEPCo side, we had a bond mature last month. So I would say -- and that was about $300 million, I would say some time in the second quarter, we're optimistic it might go a little later, but let's just say second quarter, we'll probably do something around that size. And then you may recall that last year, we had a bond mature at Wisconsin Gas, I think that was $45 million, $50 million in that zip code. We've been able to manage that but we anticipate that some time, probably the third quarter, in the neighborhood of $100 million, we will probably do something at Wisconsin Gas this year at well -- as well, excuse me.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, the fuel costs and the 2% dead band, where did you guys end up at the end of the quarter?
Gale E. Klappa: At the end of the quarter, we're above the dead band.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. I would just imagine the off-system sales are helping to support that.
Gale E. Klappa: No question about that, absolutely. In fact, as you probably heard me say in the script, our off-system sales were up 157%. I mean, really, our units, I'm very pleased with how our units performed. And the Valley of our new Oak Creek units was absolutely completely visible during Q1. And MISO asked those units to run at the top virtually every single day of Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Remind me, filing rate cases in Wisconsin, do you -- the test year, is it a forward or backward test year? And does weather get adjusted out?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, as you may recall, Kit, and then you look at 50 different states, so it's hard to recall specifically, they're one of the few in the country with a 2-year forward-looking test year. So what we are doing now in finalizing all of the data, we will be looking at and filing our projected investment and our projected expenses for the years 2015 and 2016. So that is basically the standard approach in Wisconsin. I think it's a constructive approach because you're not actually looking back with a lot of lag. You're actually projecting your appropriate expenses for the following 2 years.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Yes, absolutely. And what is your early -- last go-round, the ROE was not a topic for discussion in the rate case. Is that likely to be repeated? Or should we have a fully litigated situation where ROE is kind of in its traditional central place in a rate case?
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, very good question. And let me just say this. There are a lot of discussions going on. Alliant, one of our sister utilities here in Wisconsin, has just entered into a settlement. Now they're, because of a particular situation they have, they're able to keep rates flat for a couple of years. But there, they and the intervenor groups and the commission staff appear to have agreed on a, in essence, setting rates for the electric utility at a 10.2% return. So I think that may be indicative -- we're having some discussions as well about ROE and capital structure. But I would not expect significant change, particularly in light of the first step forward between Alliant and the intervenor groups.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions. One, pretty easy. Can you walk us through -- you mentioned a lot of different items, a lot of different projects and the potential capital costs, including the environmental pollution control equipment at Presque Isle. Is any of that not in your current CapEx guidance that you guys have given out over the last couple of months and put in your 10-K and other data?
Gale E. Klappa: Michael, good question. Virtually everything we discussed is in our -- it's like Ragu, it's in there. But we should be very clear about the capital cost that Allen talked about related to Presque Isle, a potential capital cost related to Presque Isle. Those would be costs that we would expect because of the need for those units for reliability to be reimbursed. So I really wouldn't look at that as part of our announced capital budget.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And I apologize, I missed Allen's comments about the level or extent of that capital spend on Presque Isle.
Gale E. Klappa: Allen, would you like to repeat?
Allen L. Leverett: No, what we said before, Michael, was that it was likely to be $6 million to $12 million. We're doing some testing this summer and so we'll be able to nail down where we're going to be in the range. And that would be for dry sorbent injection. And so that would assume we do all 5 units. If for some reason MISO didn't want all 5 units, well, that $6 million to $12 million range would go down somewhat, Michael, but that's for 5 units.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Allen, as long as I've got you, can you give an update a little bit on ATC's rate base growth expectation and ATC growth opportunities outside of the state of Wisconsin?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Well, as we talked a little bit on the -- on our year-end call about ATC's capital budget and for the next 3 years, their capital budget inside the footprint, so this would be for calendar years '14, '15, '16, would be $1.3 billion. So that's unchanged from the estimates that we talked about on our last earnings call. So at that level of spending, when you sort of translate that into net income growth at ATC, Michael, that certainly fully supports the 4% to 6% target that Gale and, I think, Greg Gordon were talking about earlier. In terms of opportunities outside the footprint, the $1.3 billion that I talked about for '14, '15, '16 combined, that doesn't include anything outside the footprint at all. ATC is certainly pursuing things elsewhere in the MISO footprint, pursuing things in the western part of the country. But at this point, Michael, I would not expect any of those investments to materialize, or at least for us to actually employ capital for some of those investments until, say, the '17, '18, '19 timeframe. So I wouldn't put any of those opportunities in sort of the next 36 months or so. They're going to be out a bit. But even without those, they still got a lot of good growth over the next 3 years, even without those opportunities.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last question, I'll add one on here real quick. Gale, natural gas demand, do you think -- I mean, we're now several quarters for you guys. I mean, if I go back, it's really 3 or 4, 4 or 5 quarters now. Do you think we're seeing a structural shift in what is weather-normalized natural gas demand? And if so, what do you think the new level is? I mean, historically, natural gas demand had been on a long-term downward slope for 15 to 20 years. And I wonder if something's happened that's not weather related but structural that's changing what weather-normalized gas demand is.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I understand your wife likes it hotter, but other than that, Michael, I think that, and not in any way trying to avoid the question, but trying to be absolutely brutally frank with you, the weather has been so abnormal, in particular what we've seen in Q1, that I think we're going to need another year or 2 before we can really determine whether there's any structural change going on here. On the one hand, you see data that indicates that maybe there is a structural change but then on the other hand, gas prices are now higher than they've been in a while. Natural gas prices are now higher than they've been in a while. Last time I looked, at about $4.80 per million BTU. Furnaces, new furnaces are still much more efficient, let's say, a 10- or 15-year-old furnace. There are a lot of competing factors going on here. I think it's going to take a little bit longer before we can really understand if there is any kind of structural change that would reverse the pattern of the past 20 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jim von Riesemann with CRT Capital.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: One follow-up to Greg Gordon's question, this 4% to 6% growth. I was a little unclear as to whether or not the base year had been shifted around a little bit.
Gale E. Klappa: No, the base year has not shifted. We will take a look, as we enter 2015, about shifting the base year. But right now, the base year stays in place.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: So that's 2011, just to confirm.
Gale E. Klappa: You're absolutely correct.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. Second question is my standard capital allocation question. But this time, I have a twist.
Gale E. Klappa: A twist? All right.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you know I'm not a fan of you guys buying back stock better than 2x book. But it seems to me that if I did the math correctly, you bought 426,000 shares in the first quarter, and if I just take a simple arithmetic average between year-end price and the March end prize, you're buying back stock in the $44 a share range or $18 million with the stock. And if you've got a new $300 million program in place annualized at $100 million a year, that should be $25 million a quarter. Am I reading anything into the fact that this is now down on what an annualized run rate would be and that you're starting to shy away from buying back stock at these levels?
Gale E. Klappa: I've heard the rumor that you're not a fan of buying back stock at 2x books, so I'm glad you admitted this.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: In fact, even in print.
Gale E. Klappa: I know, exactly. But we can't read everything you see in print, or you can't believe everything you see in print. I'm just giving you a hard time. First of all, one of the things that -- one of our guiding principles has been that as we have positive cash flow materialize, that if we don't have other investment opportunities on the near-term horizon for the use of that cash, then one of our philosophies is, we don't think our shareholders will reward us for just building up cash on the balance sheet. So that's one of our other guiding principles here and I would not read anything into our first quarter activity other than we tend to look at it quarter by quarter as we have cash building up.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Andy Bischof with Morningstar Research.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Quick question. Any idea on the potential cost of the Oak Creek fuel flexibility program? Or are we still too early in the stages?
Gale E. Klappa: Too early, but we've put a bookend around it, again, depending upon the specific equipment modifications that might be needed. Our bookends, and we'll know a lot more later this year, are at a low end, maybe $25 million, $30 million; at the high end, maybe $100 million.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just trying to get a handle on around the growth opportunity for propane customers switching to gas. Can you provide a little more color on the extent of the growth opportunity here and kind of what is the penetration level of current customers so far?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I will say this. In terms of propane consumption, just pure propane consumption, Wisconsin is one of the top 5 states in the country. So I think that gives you a sense of the potential conversion opportunity here. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, even in Q1, which was a pretty brutal time to try to switch furnaces, we saw a 7% increase so far this year in new customer connections to our natural gas network compared to a year ago. So I honestly think the conversion opportunity, particularly in light of what happened to propane pricing, but even more so the severe shortages of propane this past winter, I think the conversion opportunity is perhaps even greater than we thought.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Appicelli with Nexus.
Bill Appicelli: Just had a follow-up on the Presque Isle issue. I believe you guys have a -- there's an open doc at FERC related to this issue and I was just wondering if you guys could sort of remind me of what your position is or what's trying to be accomplished there?
Gale E. Klappa: I'll let Allen give you the details. The open docket at FERC is really about cost allocations. In other words, we have an agreement with MISO on payment of about $52 million for the next 12 months to compensate us for maintaining and operating those units. And then the open docket really relates, as we understand it, to who has to pay MISO for that $52 million. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: No, that's right. I wouldn't add anything to that.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And do you guys have any sense of the timing of that or how that would impact, I guess, some of these other decisions you guys were talking about earlier?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, the SSR agreement is for 1 year. So it goes from, I think, February 1 of this year to February 1 of next year, and I think MISO has like a 3-month extension option. So if they want us to continue to operate the plant after that, and I expect they will, we'll have to do another SSR agreement. But I would expect, given FERC, they went ahead and let us start -- MISO start charging and MISO start paying us. So I don't really think the fact that there's a review going on at FERC is going to affect any of that. It might take a number of months. We might be to the end of the year before they resolve the allocation question that Gale talked about. But it's not really going to impact our ability to collect dollars from MISO at all. So it's really not an issue for us as we would see it.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. But is it an allocation between Michigan and Wisconsin?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, it's an issue about interstate, so allocation between the states. And to a certain degree, you'll also get into some allocation issues within Wisconsin. So it's a fairly complicated question about how these costs are ultimately allocated.
Gale E. Klappa: In essence, the issue is that in other parts of MISO, these kinds of costs are allocated in a certain way, but within the ATC footprint, they're allocated in a separate way. And the Wisconsin Commission's view is that the allocation that affects -- the allocation in effect, if you were inside the ATC footprint, is punitive to Wisconsin, and that's really the issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with CDP.
Vedula Murti: So all of my questions are actually asked and answered.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andrew Levi: Just on Bill's question, did the state of Wisconsin intervene on this case?
Allen L. Leverett: In the FERC proceeding, Andy, yes, they did.
Andrew Levi: And what's their issue?
Allen L. Leverett: When you said the state of Wisconsin, the public [indiscernible]. Their issue is allocation. They don't believe that the MISO tariff, as currently structured, provides for a fair allocation as between Wisconsin and Michigan. So that's really their issue. Their issue is not the total cost, it's the allocation of the cost.
Gale E. Klappa: In fact, Allen's right, Andy. In fact, in their intervention asking FERC to provide for a different allocation between Wisconsin and Michigan, they actually said that they believe we should be compensated in the way we're being compensated. It's just who has to make that compensation, how much to Michigan, how much to Wisconsin, is the issue.
Andrew Levi: And what's the breakdown now?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, now, it's close to 90-10. In other words, 90% of these SSR payments will be billed to Wisconsin customers and about 10% to Michigan and that is what has the Wisconsin Commission concerned. They think that that's not a proper allocation, that much more of the cost should go to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Andrew Levi: Okay. But it's not a situation where if FERC rules against them, they don't -- they come after you or anything like that?
Gale E. Klappa: No. As Allen said earlier, we don't think this has any impact on the agreement itself and on our -- and on the payments to us for operating the unit. It's just a matter of how is the pie sliced among parties that have to pay MISO for this benefit.
Andrew Levi: Right, right. So it's really the PFC fighting FERC, not [ph] fighting you guys?
Gale E. Klappa: You could look at it that way. I think what the PFC and Wisconsin...
Andrew Levi: Or MISO or however you want to look at it.
Gale E. Klappa: Exactly. Really trying to get the MISO tariff or this part of MISO to match up with the rest of MISO because it's different here that -- just the way the cost allocation works. If you're inside the American Transmission Company footprint, that cost allocation is different than all the rest of MISO, and the Wisconsin Commission is saying it needs to be all the same.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then another question. It's the one I think Jim was going to ask. I'm just guessing, but I did want to ask, so I'll ask the question. There's an article earlier in the year...
Gale E. Klappa: Is he under the desk, Andy?
Andrew Levi: I'm sorry. No, I'm just guessing and I might be wrong, I shouldn't speak for Jim. But there was an article earlier in the year, Bloomberg article relating to you and M&A. And you were name with a myriad of other companies relative to Berkshire Hathaway, and I was just wondering if you want to address that or not.
Gale E. Klappa: Andy, as you know, that article, in all likelihood, was based on pure speculation, and over the years, we found it not very productive to comment on speculation. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available at our Investor Relations office, and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thanks, again, everybody. Take care.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Gas LLC, President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, President of Wisconsin Gas LLC, Chairman of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chairman of Wisconsin Gas LLC James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stephen P. Dickson - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Allen L. Leverett - President, Executive Vice President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of We Generation Operations and President of We Generation Operations
Analysts: James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP Dan Jenkins Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Vedula Murti Leon Dubov Michael Weinstein
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's Conference Call to Review 2013 Year End Results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted a package of detailed financial information on its website at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Elaine, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. It's a whopping 9 degrees at downtown Milwaukee, but we're ready to warm you up as we review our 2013 year end results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of Wisconsin Energy; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, our Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. Pat, of course, will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings of $2.51 a share for 2013. This compares with earnings of $2.35 a share in 2012. And I'm pleased to report that 2013, by virtually every meaningful measure, was an exceptional year for Wisconsin Energy. Operationally, we achieved a number of significant milestones. We were named America's most reliable utility. We also earned the best in the Midwest regional reliability award for the ninth time in the past 12 years. In early 2013, J.D. Power ranked our company the #1 large utility in the Midwest for customer satisfaction among business customers. And by year end, we attained our highest overall customer satisfaction ratings in the past decade, probably our best ever. From a financial standpoint, we continued to deliver solid earnings growth. We generated strong positive cash flow, and we made significant progress toward a dividend payout that is more competitive with our peers across the regulated sector. Of course, a number of factors contributed to our record financial performance in 2013. As always, the weather had an influence on our results. We experienced colder-than-normal weather in the first and fourth quarters of 2013, and the colder winter months more than made up for a return to normal summer temperatures across the Midwest. In addition to the weather, the investments in our Power the Future generating units, a strong focus on cost control and our share repurchase program all contributed to our 2013 performance. I might add that our Power the Future investments have provided very significant benefits to our customers over the bitterly cold months of this winter. Sales of our generation over and above the demand from our retail and wholesale customers, otherwise known as sales for resale into the Mid-continent power market, were up 500% in the fourth quarter of 2013 and have continued at high levels throughout the month of January. Our new, efficient coal units performed exceptionally well as the price of natural gas rose in the Midwest, providing more evidence -- more concrete evidence of the benefits of the diversified fleet. I'm going to remind you that the margins on this sales for resale help our customers by reducing our fuel costs, and the capacity helps to keep the lights on and the energy flowing throughout the region. Turning now to the state of the economy. Wisconsin's unemployment rate declined to 6.2% in December and remains well below the national average. In fact, the unemployment rate in Wisconsin is now the lowest it's been since 2008. Delivered electric volumes to our large commercial and industrial customers, excluding the iron ore mines, dropped by 2.6% in 2013 but rose by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. We saw strength in several sectors, including paper manufacturing, chemical production, primary metals and transportation equipment. Wisconsin now ranks 17th of the Chief Executive Magazine list of the best states to do business. That's up from 5 years ago when the state was down at a rank of 43rd. In addition, we continue to see customer growth across our system. Compared to 2012, new electric service connections were up by 6.4% during 2013, and new natural gas installations rose by more than 15%. This reflects a rebound in the home building market and the volume of customers who are switching from propane to natural gas. Now as you may recall from our last update, we were nearing the completion of a major construction project, our biomass-fueled power plant in Rothschild, Wisconsin. I'm pleased to report that the plant achieved commercial operation on November 8, on-time and on budget. As I've noted before, the biomass plant helps us to diversify our portfolio of renewable energy. The new unit produces electricity for the grid and provides steam for the Domtar paper mill, and we can dispatch the unit on demand. That's a benefit simply not available with solar or wind generation. Overall, our investment in the biomass plant totaled $269 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Over the past few months, we have also started a new construction project at one of our oldest hydroelectric plants. In October of 2013, we began building a new powerhouse at our Twin Falls hydro site. That's on the border of Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula, Michigan. Twin Falls is 1 of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. It was built back in 1912. And while the plant is licensed to operate until 2040, the existing powerhouse is badly in need of repair. We considered several alternatives, but the most prudent course is to build a new powerhouse and add spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. Since our last update, we began site work to prepare for the start of major construction activity, and the major activity is planned for the spring. We expect to complete the project in 2016, with an estimated cost of $60 million to $65 million, again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We're also planning to convert our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. To refresh your memory, the Valley plant is a co-generation facility located along the Menominee River near downtown Milwaukee. Valley generates electricity for the grid, produces steam to heat more than 450 buildings in the downtown Milwaukee business center and provides voltage support for our distribution network. We received an air permit for the project in November of '13. And then just last week, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission gave its oral approval of the project, and we should receive a written order, a final written order, very soon. We plan to complete the Valley conversion in late 2015 or early 2016 at an estimated cost of $65 million to $70 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Also, before we begin the conversion, we must upgrade the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. That upgrade began in March of this past year and has an estimated cost of $26 million. Converting Valley over to natural gas will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain at 280 megawatts, and we believe our plan will help support a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Switching gears now. You'll recall that in 2011 our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock. That authorization ran through the end of 2013. So during 2013, we purchased approximately 3,025,000 shares. In total, since the program began, we've repurchased 7,877,000 shares at a cost just over $277.8 million. That equates, ladies and gentlemen, to an average purchase price of $36.19 a share. In December, as you may recall, the board approved a new share purchase plan. The new plan authorizes management to purchase up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy stock from 2014 through 2017. Regarding our dividend policy, last month, our board voted to raise the quarterly dividend of the company's common stock from $0.3825 a share to $0.39 a share. The new annual rate is $1.56 a share. This represents a 30% increase over the dividend rate that was in effect at the end of 2012. The board also reaffirmed the dividend policy that calls for a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings in 2017, a level that will be more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. Now I'd like to touch on our growth plan and the investment opportunities that we see unfolding over the next several years. Our capital budget calls for spending $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the 5-year period 2014 through 2018. In this 5-year plan, we'd move from the large, very high-profile projects that were part of Power the Future to many smaller scale projects designed to upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure. Over this 5-year period, we'll be placing a greater focus on pipes, polls, wires, transformers and substations, the very building blocks of our delivery business. We're rebuilding 2,000 miles of electric distribution lines, replacing 18,500 power polls, 20,000 transformers and literally hundreds and hundreds of substation components. On the natural gas side of our business, we're replacing 1,100 miles of gas mains, 83,000 individual gas distribution lines and some 233,000 meter sets. The primary risks associated with these projects, developmental, legal, regulatory, construction, are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the megaprojects we have completed in recent years. Our focus on renewing our distribution network is essential to maintaining our status as one of the most reliable utilities in the nation. And now I'd like to walk through our 10-year capital budget projection to provide you with additional clarity on our longer-term plans. As you can see in the earnings package on our website, over the 10-year period 2014 through 2023, our investment focus will remain on our smaller-scale distribution infrastructure projects. We currently estimate our total capital spend over this period will be in a range of $6.5 billion to $7.1 billion or between $650 million and $710 million a year. During the latter part of the 10-year period, we'll determine whether additional investments will be needed for us to continue meeting Wisconsin's renewable energy standard. We currently project to be in compliance through the year 2022. Now it's important to point out that we expect the earnings growth from our 10-year capital investment plan to be supplemented by earnings growth in other areas, such as our 26% ownership of American Transmission Company and earnings growth from using our strong cash flow to fund additional investment opportunities, purchase shares or retire debt. Based on everything we see today, we believe our long-term earnings growth rate will be comparable to the best managed companies in our industry. Now I'd like to briefly cover a few details about our near-term investment opportunities. For example, we continue to make progress on our fuel flexibility initiative at the Oak Creek expansion units. As you may recall, the units initially were permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, given the current cost differential between bituminous and Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal, blending the 2 types of coal could save our customers between $25 million and $50 million a year depending upon the blend. After receiving environmental approvals, we began testing a blend of bituminous and Powder River Basin coal at the plant last May, and the initial tests are promising. We plan to continue testing into 2015 to identify equipment modifications that could be needed to increase the percentage of Powder River Basin coal permanently in our fuel mix. If significant modifications are required, we expect to seek approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission in late 2014 or early 2015. As we look ahead, the investments we're planning on the generation side of our business, converting Valley to natural gas, changing our fuel mix at Oak Creek, are expected to lower cost for customers. The Valley conversion, for example, is projected to save $10 million to $15 million annually in operating costs. As I mentioned, our fuel flexibility efforts at Oak Creek could save customers up to $50 million a year depending on the coal blend. On the natural gas side of our business, you may recall that we're planning to build a new natural gas lateral in west-central Wisconsin. We filed an application for approval with the Wisconsin Commission in 2013. A prehearing conference to set the regulatory schedule was held in December. This 85-mile line would run between Eau Claire County in the far Western part of the state in the city of Tomah in Monroe County in west-central Wisconsin. The project will address reliability concerns in Western Wisconsin and meet growing demand. Demand is being driven by 2 factors: customers converting from propane to natural gas and by the growth of the sand mining industry in that region. I might add that 9 communities along the proposed route have now passed resolutions authorizing us to begin operating natural gas distribution systems within their borders. If we receive timely approval from the Wisconsin Commission, we expect an in-service date during the fourth quarter of 2015. The projected cost is $150 million to $170 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Now as many of you know, and I'm sure there are some chattering teeth out there, this winter has been brutally cold in Wisconsin and the Upper Midwest. If they made a movie about the last couple of months, the title, I think, would be Polar Vortex Meets the Frozen Tundra. But movie or no movie, we delivered more natural gas to our retail customers during January than during any other single month in history. And this growth in demand underscores the need to expand our natural gas distribution network in Western Wisconsin. We're also following another possible investment opportunity, the potential sale of the State of Wisconsin's electric and steam generating units. Last year, you may recall, Governor Walker signed into the law a new state budget, and that budget includes a provision expanding the state's authority to sell or lease certain state-owned properties. This means that the administration now has the authority to pursue the sale of the state's electric steam and chilled water production and distribution facilities. The state is moving forward and, in October, officials began the process of selecting outside financial advisors. No formal timetable has been announced, but if the sale does take place, we expect that it would occur in early 2015. And finally, before closing my remarks, I'd like to provide an update on our operations in Michigan. As you'll recall, under Michigan law, retail customers may choose an alternative supplier to provide power supply service. The law limits customer choice to 10% of Michigan's retail sales, but the law excludes from the cap the iron ore mines in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The 2 iron ore mines we've been serving on a low margin interruptible tariff switched to an alternative supplier in September of '13. Several smaller customers have switched as well. Of course, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions regardless of the power supplier. We have taken and we'll continue to take multiple steps to address the situation. We filed a request with the mid-continent grid operator to suspend the operations of all 5 of our units in the Upper Peninsula. That's at the Presque Isle Power Plant. In October of last year, MISO determined that all the units are still required to maintain reliability in Northern Michigan. As a result, we are eligible for system support resource payments from MISO to recover the costs that we incurred to operate the units. Since our last update, we have now finalized system support resource agreement with MISO. Under the agreement, MISO will pay us an availability fee to ensure the units are maintained and available to run and a fee to cover our costs when the units are actually operating. MISO recently filed this agreement with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. And following FERC approval, we expect to receive payments retroactive to February 1 2014. Although the long-term impact of the Michigan choice law is still uncertain, we expect that successful mitigation efforts on our part and a reasonable regulatory response should make our net financial exposure immaterial. That said, given the loss of load in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, we are reevaluating our supply portfolio. Before the departure of the mines, we had a long-term need for at least a portion of the Presque Isle plant. At this point, we do not have such a need. As you may recall, we were working with Wolverine Power Cooperative, a power coop in Michigan, to determine if we could modify the structure of our joint venture to address the new circumstances. However, we were not able to find an alternative that would work for both Wolverine and for our customers. As a result in December, we agreed to terminate the joint venture. We'll continue to review the long-term options for the plant, including its potential sale. In summary, ladies and gentlemen, we enter 2014 in excellent condition. The company is performing at a high level, both operationally and financially. Our Power the Future investments are providing very significant and tangible benefits for our customers and stockholders, and we'll continue to focus on renewing and upgrading our distribution network as we deliver the future. And now with more details on our full year performance and our outlook for 2014, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, for 2013, our earnings rose to $2.51 a share, compared with $2.35 a share for 2012. Consistent with past practice, I will discuss operating income for our 2 business segments and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the full year 2013 was $1,080,000,000 as compared to $1 billion even in 2012. That's an increase of $80 million. Starting with the utility energy segment, operating income in 2013 totaled $719.4 million, an increase of $71.7 million over 2012. On the positive side, we estimate the cold winter weather increased our margins by $82.3 million. 2013 was unusually cold in the first and fourth quarters and, in 2012, we experienced a very mild first quarter. Pricing increases for our Wisconsin retail customers net of amortizations also helped by $57.8 million. Conversely, we estimate that the return to normal summer weather in the second and third quarters reduced our margins by $35.9 million when compared to the unusually hot summer of 2012. In addition, depreciation expense increased by $23.8 million, with the additional capital investment placed in service during 2012. In December of 2013, we filed a request with the federal government for a treasury grant related to our newly completed biomass plant. The grant was neutral to our net income because our Wisconsin retail customers received bill credits during the year. As discussed in prior calls, the grant did boost our fourth quarter income. Now turning to our non-utility segment. Operating income was up $8.3 million when compared to last year because of the final approval of our Power the Future plant costs in the last Wisconsin rate case. Taking the changes for these 2 segments together and a slight decrease at corporate and other, you arrive at the $80 million increase in operating income. During 2013, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled nearly $69 million, up almost $3 million from 2012. These earnings were in line with our expectations. Our other income, net declined by $16 million, primarily because of lower AFUDC. AFUDC decreased because we completed the final stages of the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units in 2012. Our net interest expense increased by $3.9 million. This was primarily driven by lower capitalized interests as we had fewer construction projects underway in 2013. Our consolidated income tax expense rose by $31.6 million because of higher pretax earnings and a slightly higher effective tax rate. The higher effective tax rate was driven primarily by lower tax benefits and lower equity AFUDC which are permanent differences for income tax purposes. Our effective tax rate for 2013 was 36.9%, compared to 35.9% in 2012. We estimate that our effective tax rate in 2014 will be 37.5% to 38.5%. Combining all of these items brings you to $577.4 million of debt income for the year. Including $0.03 for the cumulative effect of our share repurchases, we earned $2.51 per share. During 2013, our adjusted operating cash flows totaled $1,234,000,000, which is a $17 million increase from 2012. The increase came partly from higher net income and the fact that no contributions to our benefit plans were required in 2013 compared to $100 million contribution made in 2012. Partially offsetting these items was an increase in working capital. Our capital expenditures totaled $687.4 million in 2013, a $19.6 million decrease compared to 2012. We saw lower expenditures because construction on the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units was completed in 2012. This was partially offset by additional capital expenditures related to the biomass project. We also paid $328.9 million in common dividends in 2013 which was $52.6 million greater than in 2012. And as Gale mentioned earlier, in January, the board increased our quarterly dividend to $0.39 per share, which raised the annual dividend rate to $1.56 per share. We are also pleased that our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 52.5% at the end of 2013 which is lower than our 2012 ratio of 53.2%. We expect 2014 will be in line with 2013. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. So that going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As Gale mentioned earlier, delivered electric volumes to our large commercial and industrial customers, excluding the iron ore mines, dropped by 2.6% in 2013 but rose 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Delivered electricity reflects the demand from both our retail and electric choice customers and thus, is a good indicator of how the regional economy is faring. But consistent with past practice, I will also report on traditional sales to our retail customers. These sales statistics include both supply and distribution service. As shown in the earnings package on our website, retail sales electricity, excluding the mines, declined by 1.6% during 2013 as compared to 2012. Weather-normalized sales were down 0.7%. Looking at the individual customers segments, we saw actual residential sales decrease by 2.1% in 2013. On a normalized basis, residential sales declined by 3/10 of 1%. Across our small commercial industrial group, actual annual sales were flat with 2012 levels. And on a weather-normalized basis, full year sales to this group were down by 3/10 of 1%. Sales to the large commercial industrial segment for the full year 2013, excluding the iron ore mines, were down 3% for the year but were stronger in the latter half of the year. Overall, for 2014, we're forecasting a 1/10 of 1% decrease in weather-normalized sales, again, excluding the iron ore mines. We expect residential sales to grow 4/10 of 1%, impacted by continued modest growth in housing starts offset by conservation. In the small commercial industrial segment, we are projecting a slight increase of 1/10 of 1%. And in the large commercial industrial group, we are projecting a decrease of 8/10 of 1%. On the other hand, if we look at delivered electric volumes, we're projecting a 1/2 of 1% increase. On the natural gas side of the business, total volumes in 2013 increased by 9.9%, primarily due to colder weather. On a normalized basis, and excluding the volumes used in power generation, gas volumes increased by 2.4% compared to 2012. This is attributed to an increase in customers, the old switching to natural gas and the positive impact of additional gas used in the sand mining industry. Looking over the period 2014 through 2018, we're projecting positive free cash flow totaling $500 million. As a reminder, we define free cash flow as the cash available after capital spending and dividends. Next, I'd like to announce our earnings guidance for 2014. As we've discussed, our earnings in 2013 were $2.51 a share. Subtracting $0.09 for favorable weather and then adding back increased O&M spending partly related to the weather, we estimate that normalized earnings for 2013 were $2.48 a share. Taking this into account, we expect our earnings for 2014 to be in a range of $2.53 a share to $2.63 a share. Our 2014 earnings projection assumes normal weather. And again, our guidance for 2014 is $2.53 a share to $2.63 a share. And finally, as we look ahead and taking into account our cold January weather, we expect our first quarter 2014 earnings to be in a range of $0.79 to $0.81 a share. And with that, I'll turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with CRT Capital.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: I'm confused. So the question is, you indicated that your 4% to 6% targeted growth rate, you -- that's was your historical growth. And today, you said you want to be amongst the best managed companies in terms of growth going forward. So what do I make of that statement? It was very wide open.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. Well, let me walk you through our thinking. First of all, as you know, we -- as promised, we published today for all of you a 10-year capital spending plan to give everyone a little bit better clarity on the investment opportunities that we see, particularly in our retail utilities going forward. When we look at those investment opportunities, which are real, when we look at several other opportunities -- investment opportunities that may or may not come to pass but we're working on, when you factor in the growth from American Transmission Company and factor in potential uses of our strong cash flow, as I say, we have no reason today to change our long-term earnings growth forecast and I personally think that, that forecast will place us among the best managed, best growing companies in the industry.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay, super. Second question is, with this revised 10-year CapEx plan, you talked about depreciation now being in the range of, I think, $425 million a year or so on average versus $375 million previously. What does that do to rate base growth, and could you all talk about how that depreciation plays out and what your rate base growth forecasts are?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, if you -- I think a pretty simple way to look at that is if you start with where we are today, where our utility rate base, is about $6.6 billion at the end of 2013. We're projecting out to grow to $7.1 billion of rate base by the end of '15. And then you can just do the math in terms of looking at that lifesaver chart we have for 10 years, and then taking the $425 million of average depreciation. So you can see what the utility -- the basic utility rate base growth looks like in terms of capital investment above the rate of depreciation.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then just one last question. Can you talk a little bit about deferred taxes and what you expect going forward?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, we'll be happy to do that. Pat and Steve have all the information on deferred taxes going forward.
Stephen P. Dickson: Yes, I think -- this is Steve Dickson. In the past, we had said that because of bonus depreciation, because of the PLR on Road, we had significant tax deductions which created significant deferred taxes, and cash taxes were low this year. And we expect to have NOLs going into 2014, which will reduce tax carry for -- or reduced cash taxes in 2014 and also into 2015. And we will have, when we file the 10-K, the detailed schedules of our NOL carryforwards and long-term deferred tax items.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'm still confused a little bit, Gale. So I want to go back to the first question, if you guys don't mind and then I'll turn it over to somebody else. So when you're talking about this growth rate, I guess the first question is, who are you comping yourselves against? How does that growth rate accelerate going forward, and where might you be conservative on that growth rate guidance?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I would look at it more who's copying us, Jim, but then I'm biased. I mean, clearly, we think we can deliver the best customer value and best shareholder value by focusing our investments on our core business. So point number one, which you've heard me reiterate time and time again is, we do not intend to diversify into unregulated businesses or to golf courses in Mexico. I mean, we're going to focus on our knitting. We're going to excel at managing investment projects and bringing them in for customers on-time and on budget. We're going to continue to try to be the most reliable utility in the nation, and that's our basic strategy. And from that strategy, we believe, at the moment, that our medium-term growth rate is 4% to 6%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC Financial.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: So to follow a little bit on Jim's line of questioning about the growth rate, what are you expecting out of ATC? If you look out 5 or 10 years, what do you think is reasonable to think when it translates into Wisconsin Energy earnings, how much of a growth rate there can be there?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, Allen, who's on the ATC board will give you the answer to that question. Just to frame it, though, through the past several years, the growth rate of ATC has been very supportive of our corporate-wide 4% to 6% growth rate. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, Kit, this is Allen. I guess when you look at ATC, their projected rate base this year -- so 2014, their projected rate base is about $3 billion. And if you look at their 10-year capital spending plan solely for their traditional footprint, so their traditional service territory, if you will, in Wisconsin as well as in Michigan, they're projecting somewhere between $3 billion and $3.6 billion worth of capital over the next 10 years. So if you superimposed $3 billion to $3.6 billion on top of $3 billion of the current rate base, I mean, that gets you really to the mid to the upper end really of a 4% to 6%. So it's very, very supportive, meaning, net income growth rate. So it's very supportive of our Wisconsin Energy target. And then -- and although we're not including anything, Kit, over the next 3 years for additional net income contribution from projects outside of ATC's footprint, to the extent they can do some things outside their footprint, that will just go on top of really inside their footprint growth rate that's already supportive of 4% to 6%. Hopefully, that's responsive to your question.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Yes, absolutely. So if they do find -- or even adding that amount of rate base and especially if they go outside the footprint to find new projects, does that require additional equity contributions from you guys?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, the internal cash flow at ATC is very, very strong. So for the stuff inside the footprint, Kit, I would expect fairly minimal capital contributions being required. Now if they kill something and bring it back to the cave from outside the footprint, those -- some of those are pretty significant investments, and that would require some capital contributions from us as well as the other owners.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay, fair enough. Good, I appreciate that. And one other area I'd like to just touch on for a second. When -- Pat, I think you were talking about sales growth. Those numbers you gave were for your 2014 estimate of sales growth. Is that correct?
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, Kit, that's correct. The -- I mean, I kind of walked through the deltas for '13 and then moved on to '14. So I'll just clip through them real quick. So overall, it was 0.1% decrease of normalized sales, so basically flat. With residential, up about 4/10; small commercial, down -- excuse me, up about a 1/10; and then the large C&I, down about 8/10.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And how about if you took a view of, say, 5 years? What would your growth rates look like?
James Patrick Keyes: Yes. I think we've kind of said over a 5-year horizon. We're looking at a long-term flattish to maybe 0.5%. Again, that's on the electric side.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right. And how about on the gas side? I assume that's more robust.
James Patrick Keyes: Well, the gas side, yes, it's been interesting. I mean, if you look back from 2011 to 2012, normalized gas, we grew 1.3%-ish, and we're 2.4% 2012 to 2013, so I still don't trust our normalization completely. I mean, it was real warm here in 2012 and really cold last year. But if you look at -- since 1970s, say, that's been clear use for customers than on a steady decline. I think it's -- at minimum, we've leveled off, and you could probably make an argument that it may be creeping back.
Gale E. Klappa: And I would guess, to Pat's point, that the growth rate in individual customer use of natural gas, going forward, is going to depend upon whether or not gas prices stay in a reasonable and relatively stable zone, so we will see. But clearly, I think Pat is right. The outlook, in terms of growth in natural gas consumption, is stronger right now going forward than what I hope is a conservative assumption on our part on the electric side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question was answered, but thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you quantify -- since it's a public filing, meaning it's at the FERC, the data should be available. Can you quantify the MISO payments and how long you expect to receive that?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, I'll ask Allen to quantify. There are 3 pieces to the MISO payments, and I will say upfront that under the MISO protocol, these agreements are for 12-month periods with renewal potential after each 12-month period. So 3 pieces to the MISO payments that have been filed. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And I guess maybe just to simplify, maybe just talk about it, and the 2 components that Gale talked about. But yes, there is a fixed component, Michael, which for a 12-month period, the fixed component would be approximately $52 million. And then, as Gale mentioned, when they dispatch the units, they would pay us essentially whatever the variable cost of operation is. So $52 million of 6 payments over a 12-month period, so 12 monthly payments, and then a variable component based on the operating costs. And Michael, the operating costs of the unit is on the order of $30 a megawatt hour, approximately.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: How should we think about that? And I'm thinking about it from a bridge, from 2013 to 2014, to think about what of the $52 million. Let's just say, on hypothetical, it never dispatched, so we're just doing fixed cost recovery. How we should -- how should investors think about what the impact of that is year-over-year?
Gale E. Klappa: Maybe, Michael, we could step back a second and take that little bit different hypothetical because that -- those units are dispatched virtually all the time. At least [indiscernible] units are dispatched virtually all the time. So I'm not sure starting at a point where they don't get dispatched is particularly helpful. Maybe the best way to look at it is that iron ore mines switched supplier September 1. The cost to us, without any reimbursement whatsoever from MISO as we just continued to dispatch the units and basically, covering our fuel costs, the cost was about $0.01 a month, $0.01 a share or about roughly $4 million a month.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. So Michael, as you step back, of course, 4 times 12 is 48. I mean, you -- the $52 million and the $40 million M&Ls offset each other.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. So are you basically saying that the bottom line impact of this is pretty much negligible for you, or is there actually a little bit of an uptick from this because you lost the $0.04 -- the $0.01 a month from September to December? And you would get that $0.04 back effectively but not incremental?
Gale E. Klappa: We do not get the $0.04 back from September through December, nor will we get compensated other than what we get on the hourly market in January. Remember, these payments are effective assuming FERC approval February 1. So I think we're all kind of looking at each other. I don't see any real uptick here. It's about awash.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Because you get 11 months of the fixed payments, Michael, and then we talked about the $4 million a month loss from the mines.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. I'll follow up with Pat offline on this one. Allen, one question on ATC. We've talked over the years multiple times about whether alternative ownership structures for ATC make sense. And one of the things -- given just where other pure play and there's only 1 or 2 transmission companies or even pipeline companies we trade, one of the things I don't know if we've talked about is whether an alternative structure similar to like a REIT-like structure for ATC would be value enhancing or value destroying for Wisconsin Energy and some of the other companies who own it.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Well, I did not know that electric transmission, I don't know if this a verb, but is REIT-able. Whether you could put that into a REIT or in some sort of master-limited partnership. So I wasn't aware that you could put electric transmission in that kind of structure, so I can't really comment on that in detail, Michael. But as I step back, I mean, in terms of ownership structure, I mean, we and the other owners, I mean, we certainly have the cash flow to fund the growth. And as I mentioned, in response to Kit's question earlier, it's quite accretive to our growth rates from our retail business. So we still think it fits, and it fits pretty well in terms of the current ownership structure.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, last question. Gale, expectations for the rate case this year and just kind of what may be some pushback from intervenors could be? I know it's early.
Gale E. Klappa: It's very early. As everyone probably knows, Wisconsin is on a 2-year cycle, so this would be our normal bi-annual case. We would expect to file it in the spring, and we're putting together all the details as we speak. But I would suspect that the rate request will be very modest. And in addition to that, given the very strong performance of our generating units in the MISO market during the past year, I would expect that, that rate request will also include a fuel refund to customers.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, so almost a negligible impact for the customer?
Gale E. Klappa: I wouldn't say negligible, but very modest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just had one detail question. Your projected consumption expectations for '14, you said $0.8 down on large C&I, but then there was a follow-up comment, some offsetting which would be up 0.5%? I missed that commentary.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. What we're trying to do is kind of break out 2 things for the first time because we have now experienced, in Michigan, some customers moving to alternative suppliers. So what we're trying to do is report traditionally the way we have reported, and the 0.5% up that you're asking about is on total delivered volumes. So whether they're our supply customer or not, we still provide distribution and customer service functions to those customers. So we wanted to show you kind of from an economic standpoint or a broader economy standpoint what the world kind of looks like to us, and we're projecting 0.5% weather normal growth in delivered volumes. Then the other statistics that Pat walked through in terms of large commercial and industrial, small commercial and industrial and residential, where we're projecting a slight decrease, those are the way we would traditionally have reported both supply and distribution customer sales. Am I making any sense to you, Paul?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: The megawatt-hours delivered will exceed megawatt-hours generated to certain large C&I? You'll still deliver, but someone will also generate it?
Gale E. Klappa: That is correct. And if you look at it that way, megawatt-hours delivered will exceed megawatt-hours generated except a lot of those megawatt-hours are coming from our Presque Isle plant. So...
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Intermediary in there somewhere?
Gale E. Klappa: Intermediary, that's a very, very good way to look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Just a couple of things on -- questions on your capital spending. When looking at your delivery gas expectations, you just made a bunch of comments about how things are -- well, first of all, it's very cold; and then second, you've had a lot of talents along the route of your new pipeline sign up for an LDC agreement. And you also have talked in the past about the success of frac-ing. I'm just wondering, first of all, number one, is there an opportunity to upsize that investments? And number two, I don't think I see anything out for us that could phase even though it seems like there are some higher growth rate coming through from delivery. Just -- could you talk through that and give me some perspective on that?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, I'd be happy to. The application we've made, Nathan, as you know, for approval for an 85-mile extension of our natural gas distribution network in the Western part of the state, that application -- depending upon how the factors in terms of customer demand continue to shake out, if approved, that application could be the first phase, if you will. And we're talking in Phase I here of this 85-mile line at a $150 million to $170 million investment. I would hope that we would receive approval from the Wisconsin Commission midyear this year to begin work later in the year. And I will tell you, what we experienced in the western part of the state over the course of January has done nothing but underscore the need, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, for this extension. We saw a Canadian -- TransCanada pipeline explode a couple of weekends ago in Canada, near Winnipeg. And that affected the flow of gas off the major pipelines into the Dakotas, Minnesota and the western part of Wisconsin. Luckily, we were able to work our way through that without customer interruption. But when that happened, the windshields were in the minus 40- and minus 50-degree area. So you're talking about life and death kind of circumstances. And as I say, the experience of this past month has done nothing but underscore the need. So we're optimistic that we will get approval in a timely way from the Wisconsin Commission. And then depending upon future demand growth, as I mentioned, that could be -- this $150 million to $170 million project could be the first of 2 phases. But we'll take it one step at a time, and we hope to have -- we hope to be able to begin construction and have this first phase in place by late '15 or early '16. Does that respond to your question, Nathan?
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: It does. Just trying to see if the $150 million could be perhaps upside in the near-term, given what seems to be a very favorable backdrop.
Gale E. Klappa: I mean, it's certainly possible, but I wouldn't expect that for 2015 or 2016. Maybe later in 2016 or 2017.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: And just a little bit on the fuel blending. I believe, if I recall correctly, that you were thinking about perhaps making a filing with the commission about possible investments in 2014, and it now sounds like you're looking at 2015. Has there been a change there, and what -- on the margins, what's going on?
Gale E. Klappa: No real change. We've been always saying that we want to be deliberate with our testing to make sure there's no degradation of the units and to be certain of what equipment modifications really might be needed for the long term. And our plan had always been to file for anything we might need in terms of commission approval related to the fuel blending in late '14 or early '15, so that is absolutely on track, Nathan.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Okay, I missed this. So in the late '14 -- sorry. And then just going to the renewables post 2020, which is I know quite a ways away, but I wasn't clear. And your 10-year capital plan, if you've got the renewables at $250 million to $450 million, is that an additional amount on top of your $650 million to $670 million roundabout between in '21 to '23?
Gale E. Klappa: You are absolutely correct, Nathan. That, if it comes to pass, would be additional on top of all the bars and all the spending that you see on that page. So it would be on top of the roughly $650 million to $670 million a year.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Great. And then just finally, if you could walk us through the sale of -- potential sale of a plant. You mentioned that in your commentary, but it sounds like now something will happen in 2015. Just -- if you could just walk us, just kind of give us an update.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think the state continues to progress forward in its thinking, and our expectation is that they are in the final stage of determining which financial advisors they would like to hire. They put out an RFP for financial advisors in the fall. I know they have interviewed financial advisors, and my sense is that, in the next month or 2, they may choose their financial advisor, and then the financial advisor would help them organize the effort going forward. And that's why we're saying if the sale of state-owned assets takes place, it probably would occur, our guess would be, in 2015.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: And would -- could those plants -- a lot of those plants need to run given the steam properties of the steam generation heating properties. Obviously, a lot of those plants are -- require capital investment for CapEx or for environmental ratings. Is that in your budget at all, or how would that play out as we look kind of 2017 and beyond?
Gale E. Klappa: It's a very good question, Nathan. And the direct answer is that would be investment upside. We have not assumed anything in the terms of capital spending for state-owned power plants. It would be an investment upside for us.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities LLP: Could you give us an idea about the amount -- the plant, what kind of investment would be required for capital on environmental?
Gale E. Klappa: Nathan, because the state is not really at a point where any due diligence is -- has been allowed, we have, in our minds, put a placeholder, but it's simply a guesstimate, and we're guesting $250 million perhaps for an initial capital outlay to purchase the plants. But that's just simply a guesstimate at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins: I just have a couple of clarification questions and then a couple of others beyond that. But I think you'd mentioned you expect $500 million of free cash flow when you're calculating that after subtracting CapEx and dividends for 2014. Did I get that right?
James Patrick Keyes: 2014 through 2018, Dan. It's over the 5 years.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. So what does 85 million -- or 85-mile pipeline for the gas line that you're talking about, is that reflective? Is that what's the boost is on your last slide there for the 2015 gas delivery? Is that in the $330 million? Is that what's causing kind of the jump up?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. When you see that gas delivery bar increase, that is exactly right. That would reflect the big lump of capital spending that would be required to make progress on that project in that year.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then I was curious on that same slide, just to kind of to clarify. You showed 2013, that's a different amount than what you're showing on Page 5 on your cash flow statement. There, you're showing $687 million. I was wondering what the difference was there.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes. Dan, this is Pat. The difference on the -- what Allen affectionally calls the lifesaver chart, that $668 million is only in the utilities, and what you're looking on the cash flow statement would include Power the Future. That's the difference.
Dan Jenkins: So then -- companywide then, it could potentially be a little higher than this, than you're showing on the slide?
Gale E. Klappa: The numbers you're seeing in what we call the lifesaver chart, with the bars breaking down basically customer service generation, delivery and renewables, those bars reflect the spending that we expect in our retail utilities only. So there are additional investments that are planned, obviously, for our maintenance capital for the Power the Future units. We have a little bit of capital for some of the other business lines. But what we wanted to show you was the rate base growth that we see going forward here over the -- our best guesstimate over the course of the next 10 years. Does that respond to your question?
Dan Jenkins: Sure. So that would be incremental to the Slide 13?
Gale E. Klappa: That is absolutely correct.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Going back to this, you mentioned on this pipeline that it would potentially -- that it would pass 9 communities that would potentially be interested in hooking on the gas service...
Gale E. Klappa: Dan, do you have a cabin out there or something?
Dan Jenkins: No, not yet, but I might. It sounds like it might be a good plan, but...
Gale E. Klappa: You pay, we'll hook you up.
Dan Jenkins: I was just curious what the potential -- like what's the population in that as far so we can get a sense for the potential growth.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, the -- these are -- as you know, Western Wisconsin is quite rural, so these are small communities, a couple of thousand people per community. But the real demand out there is really coming, as I mentioned, from 2 areas; One, potential customer growth from these communities; but secondly, overall demand growth. Propane is widely used, particularly by farmers and other businesses in that section of the state. So conversions from propane and then, of course, the tremendous growth of the sand mining industry. We've gone from something in the neighborhood of 10 sand mining and sand processing operations in 2010 to over 100 sand mining operations. Actually, Pat is saying it's a 115 licensed sand mining operations last year, and these sand mining operations have to drive the sand before it is shipped. And their preferred method for drying sand is very large natural gas-fueled dryers. So you're seeing sand mine -- you're seeing requests from sand mining operations for us to supply gas to their operations. We're seeing customers wanting to switch from propane. And you know, Dan, as you follow the news, there have been shortages of propane in more than 24 states. And the price of propane, if you can get it, particularly in Western Wisconsin, is just incredible. So we would expect the demand from customers wanting to switch to propane, we would expect that momentum to continue to grow even from where we've seen it over the past couple of years.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then I was just curious as far as your financing plan for '14. I know you have $300 million maturing, coming up here in April 1. I expect you plan to refinance that. And is there any additional debt that you would need to issue this year?
Gale E. Klappa: We'll let Pat handle that question for you.
James Patrick Keyes: Sure, Dan. Yes, you're right. We've got that 6% coupon, $300 million coming due late March, April. That one will be replaced late Q1, early Q2. Probably about $250 million is what we're forecasting right now. And then, we've also got -- you may recall that in 2013, at Wisconsin Gas, we had a $45 million bond retired. We've not replaced that. We didn't replace that last year, but we will -- forecasting we'll replace that this year probably. So I would say Q2, Q3, maybe $100 million at Wisconsin Gas.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then just the last, you mentioned fourth quarter that you did see some pickup x the mine. Should it see some pickup in your large industrial customers?
Gale E. Klappa: That is correct.
Dan Jenkins: Do you anticipate that to continue, or is that maybe a reflection of onetime items? Or how should we think about the economic growth going forward?
Gale E. Klappa: What I can tell you, because we -- I personally look at this data every week. What I can tell you is that through January, now it's been cold, obviously. And so there is some bit of -- some small amount of weather sensitivity, even with the large industrials. But if you take a look at the 17 industrial customer segments where we have significant customer presence and where we serve, we serve industrial customers in 17 different segments of the economy. Through January, 9 of those 17 segments continued to show growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Actually, my questions have been answered.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischoff with Morningstar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: When you look at 5-year growth expectations for load growth of half -- of flat to 0.5%, is that consistent across residential, industrial and commercial, or is there some variation there?
Gale E. Klappa: No, there is some variation. I mean, again, given the fact that in total retail, we're only projecting 0.5% growth. The variation is not huge, but there is some modest variation. It's got, I think -- we're probably projecting a little stronger growth in small commercial and industrial than in a large.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, a little bit stronger in the small.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. So the only -- it's pretty even except a little bit stronger growth in small commercial and industrial than in large.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vedula Murti from CDP Capital.
Vedula Murti: Couple of a separate things. One, you talked about the cash flow profile to 5 years through 2018. I don't -- I apologize, I don't have the slides in front of me, but does the cash flow profile in terms of free cash flow generation changed much in the outer years given that you have a 10-year CapEx plan?
Gale E. Klappa: We'd certainly been very thorough about running our models through the next 5 and, as Pat mentioned, our cumulative total free cash flow for '14 through '18 is approximately $500 million. I can tell you that, based on what we're seeing further out -- and again a lot of assumptions have to go into the further out, your capital spending, your returns, the growth -- in none of those periods that we turned negative cash.
Vedula Murti: You did turn negative cash?
Gale E. Klappa: We do not turn negative. Not turn negative. We see positive free cash throughout the entire period.
Vedula Murti: Okay. And my second question is more industry. There's been a lot of press lately in terms of cyber threats to the grid and other types of risks to the system. One, I'm wondering kind of in terms of what type of capital expenditures or other things are you seeing, that the industry is seeing? And also tying to that, is there anything going on with regards to coming up with something to kind of mirror, like Price-Anderson, like in terms of risks associated with the nuclear accident, if something were to significantly happen to a part of the grid or to specific -- to a particular operating system?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, to your second question, Vedula, I don't see anything on the horizon related to the distribution networks across the country or the grids across the country. I don't see anything on the horizon that would even resemble Price-Anderson, nothing like that. That may not be a bad idea, but I don't see anything quite like that at all. And then in terms of investments that we're making related to cybersecurity, the answer is yes. We are making investments related to cybersecurity, relating to protecting our networks. I would be a little reluctant to get into the specifics of those investments. But particularly on the gas distribution side of the business, I think over the course of 5, 10 years from now, over the second half of the 5-year period, you will see an increasing amount of capital spend on just security for the gas distribution networks as new pipeline safety rules come into effect. But yes, there are ongoing investments, things that we are doing, both physical security and protection from cybersecurity.
Vedula Murti: I mean, is that going to be like in the -- just in like the tens and millions of dollars annually or could they end up being more material?
Gale E. Klappa: Right now, it is not the lion's share anywhere close to out of our capital budget, but I would say -- my own personal belief is that as we work out 3, 5 and 10 years, that type of investment will become more and more material.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leon Dubov with Luminus Management.
Leon Dubov: A couple of quick clarifications. One thing, I think Pat said, when asked about ATC, is that isn't not assuming anything outside the footprint for the next 3 years. I'm just wondering sort of more than 3 years out, are you thinking that we may see something?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, that was the older less handsome version of Pat. That was Allen, and we'll [indiscernible].
Allen L. Leverett: We're often confused. The 3 years out, you're exactly right. We've not made any assumptions that ATC would make any additional investments outside the footprint. But I can tell you, certainly, past those 3 years, I mean, ATC is very actively pursuing projects. But at this point, we're just being very conservative about how we put our projections together, and we're not assuming that they get any of those projects. But I've seen, certainly, stuff that they're pursuing that's upwards of $4 billion worth of capital investment. So I would hope that they would get some of those projects. But at this point, we haven't included them in our financial forecast.
Gale E. Klappa: And when Allen said that they got something and bring it back to the cave, I'm assuming we'd have to heat the cave.
Leon Dubov: And then one other thing. If -- in the new CapEx projections, in '15, the generation proportion went up by I think $55 million or so. Is that the Oak Creek fuel stuff, or is that something different?
Gale E. Klappa: We're looking at our chart here.
Leon Dubov: I think it used to be $102 million in your last presentation, now it's $157 million.
Gale E. Klappa: I guess that's largely timing.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. Everybody is saying -- everybody is agreeing. That's largely timing from the year-to-year as we've refined our forecast going out.
Leon Dubov: Yes, okay. So is the Oak Creek fuel blending in this forecast at all or...
Gale E. Klappa: Very small amount, roughly $25 million worth.
Leon Dubov: In what year?
Allen L. Leverett: It should be in 2015, I would imagine.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, but not a huge amount.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Serena Dackey with UBS.
Michael Weinstein: Actually, this is Mike Weinstein. The renewable investments in 2021 to '23, is that just driven by RPS standards? Is that what you're...
Gale E. Klappa: Let me explain, and then Allen can add on anything he would like as well. The Wisconsin renewable energy standard requires statewide that 10% of retail sales come from renewables by the year 2015, but then that 10% stays in place. So if you have any load growth at all, you have to add increments of renewables to maintain your compliance with the law and with the standard. So as we -- if you think about how we've complied with the standard so far, we have built the 2 largest wind farms in Wisconsin. We have just finished, as I mentioned, on-time and on budget a significant investment in a biomass plant, and we've supplemented those investments with renewable energy credits. So as we look further out, and Allen you and I decided with Pat, that it wasn't prudent to just simply assume that we could continue to add increments with very low cost renewable energy credits that far out. So we need to start looking 2022 as the latest year we would be in compliance under our current projections for growth. We need to start looking down the road at what other potential renewable investments might work for our portfolio. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And that's, obviously, just a placeholder at this point, Mike. And I would expect that renewable technologies will -- they've changed a lot in the last 10 years, and I'm sure they'll continue to change over the next 10 years. So it's really just a placeholder at this point, but it's an indication that, at some point, we're going to need some additional renewable capacity in order to stay in compliance with the state portfolio standard.
Michael Weinstein: So up through that time, you're meeting it with renewable credits?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, really a combination. Gale mentioned the fixed investments that we made, so the biomass, the 2 large wind farms and some other smaller renewable investments. So we have that, plus we've been buying some renewable energy credits. So really, it's a combination of those 2, Mike.
Michael Weinstein: Is there any chance that you could pull that back and do it a little earlier or...
Gale E. Klappa: That depends upon load growth. I mean, if we -- if our load growth projections are conservative and renewable energy credits diminish in terms of their -- either their availability or their cost, then yes. But right now, that's our best guesstimate in terms of timing. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson is available in our Investor Relations office, and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thank you, everyone. Good night.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Gas LLC, President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, President of Wisconsin Gas LLC, Chairman of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chairman of Wisconsin Gas LLC James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Allen L. Leverett - President, Executive Vice President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of We Generation Operations and President of We Generation Operations
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's Conference Call to review 2013 third quarter results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted a package of detailed financial information on its website at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Colleen, thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us as we review our 2013 third quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President of Wisconsin Energy and President and CEO of We Generation; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller and Scott Lauber, our Treasurer. Pat, of course, will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings of $0.60 a share for the third quarter of 2013. This compares with earnings of $0.67 a share for the third quarter 2012. Our latest results reflect a return to normal summer weather compared to the record heat that we experienced last summer. On the positive side of the ledger, our earnings were boosted by a slight uptick in net income at We Power and by our share repurchase program. For the first 3 quarters of 2013, our earnings came in at $1.88 a share, compared to $1.92 a share for the first 9 months a year ago. You'll recall that our year-to-date results this year reflect a $0.09 a share reduction for our customer bill credits. When our new biomass plant is complete and in commercial operation, we expect to add $0.09 a share to our fourth quarter earnings. Turning now to the economy in our region. Wisconsin's unemployment rate declined to 6.7% in August and remains well below the national average. However, we anticipated some continued sluggishness in the regional economy when we projected our third quarter sales. And that sluggishness is truly reflected in our numbers. Energy sales to our large commercial and industrial customers, excluding the iron ore mines in Michigan, were down by 3.5% compared to the third quarter a year ago. When you factor in normal weather, sales to our large commercial and industrial customers, again excluding the iron ore mines, were down by 2.7%. We did see some positive signs though in September. Overall, electricity used by our large customer segment was higher than September of a year ago. And about half of the 17 industrial sectors that we track showed some positive growth in September. Also, we're continuing to see customer growth across our system as well. Compared to the same time last year, new electric service installations are up by 2.7% and new natural gas installations have increased by 13.5%. Now as many of you know, we are finishing up a major construction project, our biomass-fueled power plant in Rothschild, Wisconsin. Construction is now 97% complete and we're on-schedule for commercial operation before the end of the year. Since our last call, we recorded several significant milestones at Rothschild. We achieved first fire using natural gas on September 17. A week later, on September 24, we synchronized the steam turbine generator for the very first time. Also, we had our first fire using biomass on October 3. And we're continuing to test and fine-tune various systems on the unit in preparation for commercial operation. As I've noted before, the biomass plant will help us diversify our portfolio of renewable energy. The new unit will produce electricity for the grid and steam for the Domtar paper mill on the site. And we'll be able to dispatch the unit on-demand, the benefit of simply not available with solar or wind generation. Overall, our investment of the biomass plant is expected to total about $269 million and that's excluding allowance for funds used during construction. In September, we also started a new construction project at one of our hydroelectric plants. We've officially began the work of building a new powerhouse at our Twin Falls hydroelectric site on the border of Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Twin Falls is 1 of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. It was built back in 1912, and while the plant is licensed to operate until the year 2040, the existing powerhouse really needs repair. We considered several alternatives, but the most prudent course is to build a new powerhouse and add spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. We received a Certificate of Authority for the project from the Wisconsin Commission in May. Since our last update, we received all the necessary permits including a license amendment from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We expect to complete the Twin Falls project in 2016, and we're estimating that the cost will be in the range of $60 million to $65 million, again excluding allowance for funds used during construction. You may recall that we're also planning to convert our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. The Valley Plant is a cogeneration facility located along the Menomonee River near downtown Milwaukee. Valley generates electricity for the grid, produces steam to heat more than 450 buildings in the downtown Milwaukee business center and provides voltage support for our distribution network. We filed for construction authority with the Wisconsin Commission on April 26 and a Notice of Proceeding was issued by the commission in late June. If approved, we plan to complete the Valley conversion in late 2015 or early 2016 at an estimated cost of $65 million to $70 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. It's important to note that before we begin the conversion, we must also upgrade the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. That upgrade began in March of this year at an estimated cost of approximately $26 million. Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain the same at 280 megawatts and we believe our plan will help support a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Switching gears now, you'll recall that in 2011, our board authorized us to repurchase up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock. That authorization runs through the end of this year. During the third quarter, we purchased approximately 1,147,000 shares. Since the program began, in total, we've repurchased 7,121,000 shares at a cost just under $254.8 million. That equates to an average purchase price of $35.78 a share. Regarding our dividend policy, at our July board meeting, the board voted to accelerate to the second half of 2013 the dividend action that was planned for the first quarter of 2014. As a result, the directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.3825 on the company's common stock. This was an increase of $0.0425 a share in the quarterly dividend and it raised the annual rate from $1.36 a share to now $1.53 a share. The board also reaffirmed the dividend policy that calls for our payout ratio to rise to 65% to 70% of earnings in 2017, a level that we believe will be much more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. And now I'd like to touch on our growth plan and on the investment opportunities that we see unfolding over the next several years. You may recall that our capital budget calls for spending $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the 5-year period 2013 through 2017. In this 5-year plan, we're shifting from the large high-profile projects that were part of Power the Future to many smaller scale projects designed to upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure. Over the 5-year period, we'll place a greater focus on pipes, poles, wires, transformers and substations, the building blocks of our delivery business. We've already begun rebuilding 2,000 miles of electric distribution lines, replacing 18,500 power poles, 20,000 transformers and literally hundreds of substation components. On the natural gas distribution side of our business, we started to replace 1,250 miles of gas mains; 83,000 individual gas distribution lines; and approximately 233,000 meter sets. The primary risks associated with these projects, developmental, legal, regulatory and construction, are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the megaprojects we've completed in recent years. Our focus on renewing the distribution networks is essential to maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest. Turning now to Oak Creek. We continue to make progress on our fuel flexibility initiative at the Oak Creek expansion units. As you may recall, the units initially were permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, given the current cost differential between bituminous and Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal, blending the 2 types of coal could save our customers between $25 million and $50 million a year depending upon the mix. After receiving environmental approvals, we began testing a blend of bituminous and Powder River Basin coal of our Oak Creek expansion units in May. Testing has been progressing well and is expected to continue into 2015. These tests will help us identify the equipment modifications that will be needed on a permanent basis to increase the percentage of Powder River Basin coal in our fuel mix at Oak Creek. We expect to submit an application for a Certificate of Authority to the Wisconsin Commission in late 2014 or early 2015. Of course, we will need this approval to make the necessary modifications at the plant. It's important to note that the investments we're planning on the generation side of our business, converting Valley to natural gas, changing our fuel mix at Oak Creek, are expected to lower costs for customers. The Valley conversion is projected to save up to $20 million a year in operating costs. And as I mentioned, our fuel flexibility efforts at Oak Creek could save customers up to $50 million a year, again, depending on the fuel mix. On the natural gas distribution side of our business point, you may recall that we filed an application with the Wisconsin Commission in March to build a natural gas lateral in West Central Wisconsin. In August, we filed a supplement to provide additional information, primarily environmental data. The 85-mile line would run between Eau Claire County in the far western part of the state and the City of Tomah in Monroe County. The project will address reliability concerns in Western Wisconsin and meet growing demand, driven in part by customers continuing to convert from propane to natural gas and by the growth of the sand mining industry in the region. I might add that over the past few months, 8 communities along with the proposed route have passed resolutions authorizing us to begin operating natural gas distribution systems within their borders. If approved by the Wisconsin Commission, we expect an in-service date for the new line during the fourth quarter of 2015. The projected cost is $150 million to $170 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We're also continuing to follow another possible investment opportunity, the potential sale of the State of Wisconsin's electric and steam generating plants. On June 30, as you may recall, Governor Walker signed into law a new state budget that includes a provision expanding the State's authority to sell or lease certain state-owned properties. This means that the administration now has the authority to sell the State's electric, steam and chilled-water production and distribution facilities. The State is moving forward, and in early October, state officials began the process of selecting an outside financial advisor. No formal timetable has been announced but if the sale does take place, we expect that it would occur in late 2014 or early 2015. And now before wrapping things up, I have a quick update for you on American Transmission Company. As you know, we're the second largest owner of ATC with an ownership stake of 26.2%. ATC recently published its 10-year capital investment plan for the years 2013 through 2022. The plan calls for a $3 billion to $3.6 billion of capital spending to bolster reliability and reduce congestion in the region. Now the previous 10-year plan have called for a higher level of investment in the range of $3.9 billion to $4.8 billion. However, we do not expect the new plan to have a major impact on our near-term earnings forecast because similar to the prior plan, much of the investment is back-end loaded. I should also point out that the new 10-year plan from ATC only covers projects inside the franchise footprint in Wisconsin in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. ATC is also pursuing investments outside this footprint through a joint venture with the Duke Energy. The joint venture has proposed approximately $4 billion of new transmission in the broader Midwest and in the western part of the country. Any of these projects, if approved, would provide additional investment upside through ATC's 50% share on the joint venture. Turning to Wisconsin rate matters, at the end of July, we filed our 2014 fuel case. We're asking the Wisconsin Commission for approval to reduce our fuel recovery rate next year by approximately $30 million. The primary driver of the savings is a reduction in the delivered cost of coal. And finally, before closing my remarks, I'd like to update you on our Michigan operations. As you recall, under Michigan law, retail customers may choose an alternative supplier to provide power supply service. The law limits customer choice to 10% of Michigan's retail sales, but the law excludes from this cap the iron ore mines in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Of course, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions regardless of the power supplier. As we reported to you on our last call, the 2 iron ore mines we were serving on an interruptible tariff switched to an alternative supplier on September 1. Several smaller retail customers have switched as well. We do not expect the loss of the mines or the smaller customers to have a material impact on our consolidated financial projections for 2013. We have taken and will continue to take multiple steps to mitigate the losses for 2014 and beyond. For example, we filed a requested with MISO, of the Mid-continent Independent System Operator, to suspend operations of all 5 of our generating units at our Presque Isle Power Plant. In October, MISO informed us that all the units are necessary to maintain reliability in Northern Michigan. As a result, we are eligible for systems support resource payments from MISO to recover our costs for operating the units. We currently are working with MISO to determine the exact amounts of these payments and we expect to become eligible to receive the payments beginning in February of 2014. Although the long-term impact of the Michigan choice law is still uncertain, we expect the successful mitigation efforts and a reasonable regulatory response should make our net financial exposure immaterial. That said, given the loss of load in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, we need to reevaluate our supply portfolio. Before the departure of the mines, we had a long-term need for at least a portion of the Presque Isle Power Plant. At this point, we do not have that need. As a result, we're working with Wolverine Power Cooperative to modify the joint venture structure that we developed last year so that it works for both Wolverine and our customers over the long term. And now, with more details on our third quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2013, here's Pat.
James Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2013 third quarter earnings were $0.60 a share, compared to $0.67 a share for the same quarter in 2013. As expected, the results were slightly lower than last year because of a return to normal summer weather and customer bill credits related to our new biomass plant. Our consolidated operating income for the third quarter was $258 million as compared to $280.6 million in 2012, and that's a decrease of $22.6 million. Starting with the utility energy segment. You'll see that operating income in the third quarter of 2013 totaled $166.6 million, a decrease of $24.4 million from the third quarter of 2012. The primary driver was the milder weather, which we estimate reduced our electric margins by $22.9 million. In addition, depreciation expense increased by $5.2 million, primarily because of the major environmental project that went into service last year. As I've mentioned in previous earnings calls, we expect to receive a federal treasury grant related to our new biomass facility, which is scheduled to go into service by the end of the year. Our customers currently benefit from this grant through bill credits. However, accounting rules do not allow us to recognize the grant income until the plant is placed in service. We estimate that our third quarter earnings would have been $0.03 a share higher and our earnings for the first 9 months would have been $0.09 a share higher have we recorded the grant income to match the bill credits. Therefore, we expect to see a $0.09 pick up in the fourth quarter when we recognize the grant income after the biomass plant is placed into service. Now turning to our nonutility segment. Operating income was up $1.7 million this quarter because of the final approval of our Power the Future plan cost in the last Wisconsin rate case. We expect this increase to continue in the fourth quarter. Taking the changes for these 2 segments together and a slight improvement at corporate and other, you arrive at the $22.6 million decrease in operating income. Earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $17.1 million in the third quarter and that's level with the same period in 2012. Our other income, net, declined by $3.9 million, primarily because of lower AFUDC. AFUDC decreased because we completed the final stages of the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units last year. In addition, our net interest expense increased by $1.1 million, primarily because of lower capitalized interest. When compared to the third quarter 2012, our tax expense is down because of lower pretax income. We expect our effective tax rate for 2013 will be between 36% and 37%. Combining all of these items brings you to $137.5 million of net income for the third quarter 2013 or earnings of $0.60 per share. During the first 9 months of 2013, our adjusted operating cash flows totaled $1,053,000,000, which is a $25 million increase from the same period in 2012. The increase largely came from cash received this year through customer rates for recovery of regulatory assets. In addition, during the first 9 months of 2013, we made no contributions to our benefits plan compared to $100 million contribution made in the same timeframe in 2012. This increase was partially offset by a $33 million decrease in restricted cash related to a customer refund in 2012 of a settlement with the Department of Energy. Our total capital expenditures increased by $20 million in the first 9 months of 2013 compared to 2012, primarily because of investments in our distribution infrastructure. We paid $242.3 million in common dividends in the first 9 months of 2013, an increase of $34.9 million or almost 17% over the first 9 months of 2012. Our 2013 dividend includes 2 increases: The first in March, and then again in September. Our current quarterly dividend rate is $0.3825 per share. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 52% at the end of September. Our calculation creates half of our hybrid security as common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. The projected year-end debt-to-total capital is expected to be relatively flat with 2012 year end. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. So going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As shown in the earnings package on our website, retail sales of electricity, excluding the mines, decreased by 2.9% in the first 9 months of 2013 as compared to the first 9 months of 2012. Our normalized sales were down by 0.8%. All normalized sales are adjusted for the effects of leap year and weather. Looking at the individual customer segments, actual residential sales for the first 9 months of the year we're down 3.9% because of a return to normal summer weather. On a normalized basis, sales we're down 0.2%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, sales for the first 9 months were down 1.1%. On a normalized basis, sales to small commercial and industrial customers were down 0.6%. And on a normalized basis, sales for the first 9 months of 2013 in the large commercial industrial segment, again excluding the iron ore mines, were down 1.8%. On the natural gas distribution side of the business, total volumes during the first 9 months of the year, excluding the volumes used in power generation, increased by 20.9%, primarily due to colder winter weather. On a normalized basis, gas volumes for the first 9 months of the year rose 2% as compared to 2012. This growth is the result of an increase in customers, fuel switching to natural gas and the positive impact of additional gas used in the sand mining industry. Overall, these gas volumes we're better than our projections. Finally, as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we are tightening our annual earnings guidance. Our prior guidance was $2.41 to $2.48 a share. Our new guidance is $2.43 to $2.48 a share. Again, our new guidance for 2013 is $2.43 to $2.48 a share. This reflects our strong performance through the first 9 months of the year, assumes normal weather, takes into consideration the effects of the Michigan choice law and recognizes the grant income associated with the biomass plant. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first question here, just with regards to the Wolverine and Presque Isle and all that, what are you guys trying to get out there? I mean, is this ultimately shut down or is this a sale or something in between?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we'll ask Allen to give you some detail, but let me just kind of frame this for you again, because you're asking an important question. A year ago, we truly believed, looking at our demand projections and looking at the demand in the Upper Peninsula, that we had a need for a portion, at least the portion of the Presque Isle 5 unit facility. However, that plant is going to need environmental upgrades. And Allen and his folks worked very hard with Wolverine Power Cooperative to put together, what I thought was a very elegant solution, which was Wolverine would fund completely the cost of the environmental upgrades in return for a pro rata ownership of the plant, roughly 1/3. That really, we thought, fit both Wolverine's need and our need going forward. But now with the loss of the mines, we simply don't have retail customers to support basically our continued cost of the plant. So we're looking at each one of the paths. We obviously, in the interim, are being told we have to run the plant and now we're eligible for the system support resource payments from MISO. But in the longer-term, really, we're looking at all the alternatives and Allen can give you some detail.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, and I would say probably long term, Julien, I think from a practical standpoint, there are probably only 2 likely paths. One path is I'll call it some renegotiated version of the joint venture agreement. So perhaps instead of having 5 units at the plant, maybe only have 3 units. So perhaps you downsize it, perhaps Wolverine maybe and some other entity own those -- the smaller plant. So, I mean that's one potential path. I would say the other potential path is, there's just the dissolution basically of the joint venture agreement we have now. We run the unit. As Gale mentioned, we run the units as long as they are required by MISO, and MISO is making those SSR payments and then, once the units are no longer needed, well, they'd be retired. So I think from a practical standpoint, that those are really the only 2 paths. It's hard for me to imagine a path where the joint venture agreement, as currently structured, that we can continue with that, because as Gale mentioned, we've had such a change in our demand as a company. So hopefully that helps some.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Absolutely. And just curious, if you don't mind following up on, what does this mean for customers rates, just at the end of the day in the UP?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we can both take a shot at that. In terms of the customer rates and the UP, I mean backing up, if the plant is going to continue to operate for the longer term, someone has to cover the cost of the operation. And our view would be that I mean customer rates in the UP probably would continue to go up some because either way, our customers in Michigan would have to support -- if the plant were to run for the long term, customer rates would have to support the environmental upgrades and the ongoing production costs and fixed production costs of the plant. I think everyone is aware of that. There's a lot of discussion going on. Clear, the governor's office would very much like, in Michigan, the plant to stay open. They really believe there is future economic growth there and particularly in terms of the mining industry. So lots of discussions going on right now, and I would guess that the picture would become much clearer certainly over the course of the next few months.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And then maybe following up on some comments from some of your peers today. Just trying to get a sense, longer-term, how do you see your earnings growth rate trending here? I mean just given the sort of availability of investment opportunities, I'm curious as you balance ATC and others, are we seeing a consistent trend here or is there some slowing in their future, just to throw it out there.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we're in the process now, Julien, of completing our next rolling 5-year capital spending plan. But from everything I'm seeing, I mean we have said, as you know, that our medium-term growth looks like 4% to 6% off our 2011 base. And right now, I would say that, that stands in terms of as good a projection as we can divine by looking into the future. And remember, we have, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have a significant amount of investment that needs to be made in our delivery networks, in upgrading our aging infrastructure. So about 2/3 of the capital spending that we've identified for 2013 through 2017, is really being devoted to upgrading the reliability of our distribution networks and that is work that needs to continue. So I would say, the best range can give you at the moment is 4% to 6% EPS growth.
Operator: Kit Konolige with BGC Financial please state your question.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Let me, Gale, just follow up on your discussion just now regarding earnings growth. So in order to get earnings growth with -- well, let me ask this. What kind of sales growth do you see feeding into that earnings growth over the next whatever it is, 3 to 5 years?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, Kit, as you know, we've been, I think, appropriately conservative in our sales growth projections. I believe, when we are all together last year at the EEI Conference in November, I think we were the only major company projecting literally no growth in kilowatt hour sales for 2013. I mean, as it's turning out, that projection was pretty much on target.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: You were the only ones right.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. Sometimes we get lucky. But long story short, as we're putting our rolling 5-year plan together and updating it, I think you're going to see sales growth projections on the electric side in the 0.3% to 0.5% growth range. That's currently what we're focusing on and we're now completing, as we do every year, interviews with our 120 largest industrial customers to get their input on the demand that they see over the next year. So we'll refine all of that, but I think right now, you can expect in our new 5-year plan, to see about 0.3% to 0.5% annual weather normal increase in electric sales.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: So that relatively low level of load growth would suggest that you'll need some -- and relatively high level of capital spending would imply that you'd need some significant rate relief over that period.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, certainly some rate release, but I think more in the lines of historic inflation over time and let me explain why. Yes, the sales growth projections are moderate to low. I think appropriate but moderate to low. But we're also making significant amount of investments on the capital you referred to, that will help us take out operation and maintenance costs. And we mentioned a couple of them in the prepared remarks. For example, our proposal to convert our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas, we expect that will take out roughly $20 million a year in operating costs. The concept of fuel flexibility that we're testing out at our new Oak Creek units, that $25 million to $50 million of fuel cost savings. Pat, our IT group also reports up through Pat and we have a whole list of very significant IT capital projects designed to take out operation and maintenance costs and make our processes more efficient. So we think we can modify and reduce what otherwise would be a larger rate increase request simply by wisely spending capital that makes us more efficient and takes out O&M. And I think that would be another lever that you will see us employ over the course of the next 5 to 7 years.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: All right. Great. And then a separate area on the ATC and the Duke joint ventures. Is the Duke JV in particular, what do you realistically see as the likelihood of some of those $4 billion in proposed projects coming to fruition?
Gale E. Klappa: Let me say first, I'm going to ask Allen because he sits on the board of ATC, to give you a specific answer. But to frame that answer for you, Kit, we have always been, as you know, reasonably conservative in terms of what we put into our financial model. We're not going overpromise and underdeliver. And so we've been quite conservative in terms of taking the ATC plan and shaping it to what we think is a conservative estimate of what may happen. And many of those projects as you know, just because of the nature of large transmission projects, are back-end loaded in the financial model. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, and Kit, I mean, maybe just picking up on that. Gale, certainly in the script, addressed the first 5 years. What I mean by that is the impact of the revised ATC outlook on the first 5 years of our financial projections, and as he said, really no impact on that first 5 years. So let me maybe address kind of the period beyond the first 5 years. When we develop longer-term projections and we look at the outlook from ATC for inside the footprint, we really use, what I would, call a midrange case. I mean, we don't take the most conservative nor do we take the highest case. We sort of take kind of a midrange case for inside the footprint. However, outside the footprint, we use a low-range case meaning a much more conservative outlook on what ATC might be able to invest. So as we look at, if ATC can do better than that low-range case outside the footprint, it's already, reasonably speaking, a low bar, we'd be optimistic that on a net basis, we could be right back to kind of the 10-year outlook that they had before and possibly even have a little upside above that. And certainly, with the outlook, it would still be supportive of the 4% to 6% EPS growth target that Gale mentioned earlier to Julien's question. So hopefully that helps a little bit, Kit.
Operator: Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just curious, do you have a depreciated book value for the Presque Isle Plant?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. Right at about $219 million.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And what were the primary drivers of the lower, revised CapEx at ATC? What was driving that?
Gale E. Klappa: Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And then, I would sort of put it in 2 or possibly 3 categories. Far and away, the biggest driver, ATC had put forward a plan for addressing transmission issues in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. And in the new plan, the size of those investments is less than in the old plan. So that's kind of the first area, if you will, that was causing a difference. The second thing that was causing a difference, as I'm sure you're aware, the Kewaunee Nuclear Plant here in Wisconsin is now shut down. So it's shut down. They were going to be some transmission improvements that would've been required if it had continued to operate. Those are no longer going to be required or at least the level that are going to be required are now much less because of the Kewaunee Plant is not going to operate over the long-term. And then finally, there were 2 345 kV projects. One, that's sort of a -- more of an east-west line that went from Wisconsin over to Minnesota; another line, more north-south, that went from Wisconsin down into Iowa. In the previous outlook, ATC had projected that they would be able to invest the capital for the entire length of both of those lines. And as it turned out, they're only able to invest roughly half of the investment required in each of the lines. So Xcel will get half of that east-west line that I mentioned, and ITC will get half of that north-south line that I mentioned. But at a high level, those are the 3 major drivers, if you will, of the change in their outlook.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. My last question, I'm just curious, you reported $0.60 and that was above the quarterly guidance of $0.52 to $0.56 you conveyed in August. So I was just curious what enabled you to beat your budget.
Gale E. Klappa: What allowed us to beat the budget?
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think a couple of things. First of all, really good solid operation and maintenance cost control from our folks. And then on weather normal basis, we were projecting weather normal but we did a little bit better, I believe, particularly in September on energy sales than we had projected.
Operator: Andy Bischof with Morningstar, please state your question.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Really quick question for you guys this afternoon. In Michigan, you mentioned you'd be eligible for systems support payments in February. When would you expect to know the details of that support?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I would hope we'll know the details of that support by the end of the year, certainly by early January because the process that MISO goes through -- and first of all, now that they've determined that we are eligible for the payments, the next step is we and they sit down with a detailed analysis of the operating costs, of the potential capital costs over the course of the next few years, and then we and they agree on a level of payment. That whole agreement, then, is subject to approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. And once submitted, Allen, I believe the FERC has 60 days to respond.
Allen L. Leverett: That's right.
Gale E. Klappa: So we would hope to have all those discussions wrapped up with MISO by the end of the year, and a filing to FERC very early in the new year.
Operator: Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets, please state your question.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Your former coworkers went into extra innings so I missed if you gave them the potential capital opportunities at Oak Valley and Valley -- Oak Creek and Valley.
Gale E. Klappa: We talked about fuel flexibility at Oak Creek. At Valley, we did talk about the potential capital opportunity, $65 million to $70 million. We're in the approval process right now with the Wisconsin Commission. That process is moving along as expected. And then in addition, if you remember, we said to convert Valley from coal to natural gas, $65 million to $70 million capital investment. But in addition to that, we need to complete an upgrade of the natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. That work has been approved and is actually underway, began in March and our expected total cost of that would be about $26 million, in addition to the $65 million to $70 million related to the Valley conversion.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So Oak Creek is really just material handling, not so much capital?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, it could be capital, Paul. And we really need to get through the testing phase with the burning the blends of sub-bituminous and bituminous coal. And depending on the results of that, you could get, reasonably speaking, a wide range of potential capital investment opportunities. I mean, if you had to do -- if you're able to do what the engineers call in-furnace blending, that might be something on the order of $20 million to $25 million of capital. If you're not able to do that reliably, you might have to do -- you might have to actually have a blending facility and that could be upwards of $100 million. But we're just not really going to know where we are on that continuum of solutions until we finished the testing.
Gale E. Klappa: And we did say that we would -- assuming the testing continues to give us positive results, that we would file a -- for construction authority with the Wisconsin Commission late '14 or early '15.
Allen L. Leverett: Correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then how would SSR payments compare to the return you're currently earning? Or not earning?
Gale E. Klappa: That's a good question. Well, we really need to work through all of this with MISO, but let me just kind of break this into a couple of categories for you. If you think about the cost we incurred to operate the plant, well, there are fuel costs. Well, those fuel costs are, by and large, recovered through the hourly energy market. So the fuel cost we should be getting full recovery for. There's what we call variable O&M, the additional costs reproducing the incremental kilowatt hour. The variable O&M also should be recovered through the hourly energy market. Then we have fixed production costs. So the fixed cost of operating the facility, the staffing, the normal O&M, the maintenance, et cetera, et cetera, and our guesstimate there is, not only guesstimate but that's part of what SSR payments are supposed to cover. So to put it all into perspective, if nothing -- if we did nothing, the margin hit pretax would be, Allen, $50 million to $54 million?
Allen L. Leverett: Right.
Gale E. Klappa: However, in our discussions with MISO, we're in the range now of $35 million to $82 million, depending upon how much of the capital that we might spend over the next several years to keep the unit reliable, how much of that capital MISO is willing to cover. But I think by definition, the MISO SSR payments are designed to, at a minimum, compensate you for the fixed production costs.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Does -- did Michigan energy legislation contemplate what would happen if [indiscernible] stranded asset?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think originally it did. However, if you recall the 2008 amendment to the Michigan choice law, many believe that stranded costs were not recoverable after the amendment to that law. And I believe that basically, the law said that anyone who is getting -- any utility getting stranded costs that the commission had to make sure those stranded costs were recovered and completely recovered through billing by October of this year. Right? The position of the Michigan commission is that under that law, future stranded costs are not recoverable.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just lastly, any forward look on the impact of discount rates on your pension?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I'll ask Pat to give you a more specific answer, but right now, I mean, going into this year and through where we stand today, we are virtually fully funded on our pension plan. We have not made any cash contribution to the pension plan this year, simply hasn't been needed. I think we're, I think, one of the few companies in our industry that is in really very good shape related to pension funding and funding up our obligations under the plan. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, Gale. I'm not sure I have too much more to add to that. We're certainly running the miles with our actuaries and we are, as Gale mentioned, about 100% funded now. Given where we are in returns, where we anticipate the discount rate will end up, we're going to end up about 100% funded by the end of the year is our -- more or less without having any material contribution.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So you could be at a position to have pension earnings next year?
Gale E. Klappa: I don't think we're really projecting any pension earnings next year.
Operator: Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs, please state your question.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Easy question for you. Next year is a rate case year?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: How are you thinking about relative to maybe some of you priority rate cases? How material this one is for Wisconsin Energy? How much material this one is for your ratepayers? What are going to be some of the more important issues that, when you file this in the spring, investors should monitor?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, very good question, Michael. Let me talk with you about kind of maybe 3 elements. I mean, first of all, where I believe, and if our projections continue to hold, I think we'll have some good news on fuel. So we should be able to, I mean, as I mentioned in our script, this would not be for 2015 but for 2014, we filed for approval to reduce our fuel recovery rate by $30 million. And if fuel prices stay low, we should get -- we should be neutral to maybe positive, I hope, in terms of fuel cost recoveries. So that should be helpful on the rate case front for 2015 and beyond. The second piece clearly will be, we need to recover projects, capital projects that have basically already been approved. Remember, we talked about the capital investments we're making in deliver the future. The basic upgrades that we're making to our distribution networks, that capital that we spent, with blessing from the commission in the prior rate case, will need to be recovered in rates starting in 2015. So that will be one of the big drivers. So I think fuel will be a help. One of the big drivers will be -- will clearly be the deliver the future capital. And then there'd be a couple of other factors that will swing one way or another but we're hoping that this will be a moderate rate case and we don't see any sticker shock coming down the road here.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Meaning you see something that's in the low- to mid-single-digit-increase level and not a dramatically bigger number than that?
Gale E. Klappa: That is certainly our goal and that's what we believe we will be filing for, yes.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Last item, Presque Isle, I want to make sure I follow this correctly. If it's $219 million in book and if it were still included in rate base kind of -- I'm going to do back-of-the-envelope math, 50/50 GAAP structure, 10% ROE, you're talking $10 million to $15 million, $10 million to $12 million of authorized net income in book. Is there any scenario where the MISO payments actually give you a greater bottom line contribution than what you would get under just traditional rate, regulatory rate making?
Gale E. Klappa: Michael, they're not -- the MISO payments are not designed to give you any kind of a greater return. I would point out that I think it's just important keep in the back of your mind, the book value of the Presque Isle Plant is still included in rate base.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So in other words, any rate, any SSR from the MISO is basically serving as a substitute for what regulated rates otherwise would've already included had you not made the decision -- had your retirement decision kind of -- had you retired the unit?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, not exactly but I would look at it this way. Instead of the mines, the SSR payments from MISO, in essence, instead of the mines being a customer, MISO is being a customer but MISO is not necessarily going to pay you the return. MISO will keep you whole on the operating cost and, perhaps, some capital.
Operator: Jon Arnold with Deutsche Bank, please state your question.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So quickly on the buyback. Did I hear you right that you've done $255-odd million?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. $254.8 million, to put a fine point on it.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So if you do more or less the same in the fourth quarter that you did in the third, you will basically consume the $300 million through the end of 2013. What's the time frame for potentially re-upping that?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we have our normal meeting with our Board of Directors in December where we go through our 5-year plan, our 5-year capital spending plan, our 5-year projections on kilowatt hour sales growth, our 5-year projections on our capital structure. And it will be at that time, as we walk them through and get approval for our 5-year plan, it will be at that time when we will ask them for any changes, if any are warranted, in the share buyback authorization.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, so if you were to tell, that would be a sort of fourth quarter earnings timing if there was a change?
Gale E. Klappa: That is correct.
Operator: Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates, please state your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just wanted to touch base on a few quick things. One was, Kit was asking about sales growth and I think you guys mentioned that you guys saw 2013 as being flat. And to date, it's been about negative 0.8% or close to negative 1%. What...
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, negative 0.8%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: 0.8%. Do you guys see a big increase this -- is there some timing issue? What's going to end up going to happen in the fourth quarter to bring it up? Or could you just elaborate a little bit on that?
Gale E. Klappa: No. We're actually running a little bit lower than our projections on the electric sales side of the business. Now I will say last fourth quarter, meaning the fourth quarter of 2012, the weather was mild. So on a weather-normal basis, you might see some bit of a small bit of an uptick on the electric side. On the other side of the ledger though, we are seeing a little stronger natural gas sales, and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, than we had anticipated. If you just look at actuals, we're up almost 20% in terms of natural gas deliveries over the first 9 months of the year ago, but we had a cold winter in the first quarter, kind of going on into April and May. So on a weather-normal basis, we're up about 2% and we had not projected that kind of growth on the natural gas side. So there have been some compensating offsets here.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But on the electric side, it might be a little bit down, I guess, for 2013 versus last year?
Gale E. Klappa: On a weather-normal basis, I would expect a little bit down now for the calendar year. You are correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then for the 3% to 5% that you mentioned, that was for several years out, is that correct?
Gale E. Klappa: 0.3% to 0.5%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That's what I meant. Sorry. Boy, that would be a big difference, wouldn't it? What's the period of time we're talking about over -- sorry, if I missed. What's that over that -- how many years is that over?
Gale E. Klappa: That would a rolling 5 years, so '14 to '18.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, and then in terms of the rate case year and the impact on customers, you mentioned that there was a fuel decrease. And is that what was -- is that fuel decrease factored into what you expect to be that sort of mid-single digit that, I think, you guys were discussing?
Gale E. Klappa: No, and I apologized if I confused someone. The fuel decrease, the $30 million fuel decrease, we have just filed for that and would expect the commission to approve a fuel decrease in 2014. And what I was really saying is that if fuel prices stay low and delivered cost of coal stays low and goes down a hair, we might get some help for that -- we might get some help from that in our in our filing for 2015 rates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just back to electric sales growth and what you're seeing there. What kind of GDP forecast are you guys looking at for those 5 years when you're coming up with that sort of 0.3% to 0.5%?
Gale E. Klappa: I'm looking at Scott Lauber, our Treasurer, here. But the way we -- what we do in essence, we kind of back in to a GDP. We really do this bottoms up. We really look at customer segment by customer segment. We look at the growth in that segment or lack thereof. So we don't start with an overarching GDP forecast. But if I had to guess, seeing what we've seen so far, we're kind honing in on a 0.3% to 0.5% annual kilowatt hour sales growth. If I had to guess, that would be, and I'm guessing, about 1.5%, 2% GDP growth.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally, given the power price, the wholesale power price situation in MISO and given the transmission projects that we've seen being discussed and potentially may come about with respect to cross-border PJM versus MISO, congestion relief, the Seams issue, if you follow me?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Do you guys see more opportunities to sell into higher-priced markets given sort of the dynamics that you guys have there? I mean, I know it doesn't make a big bottom-line impact to you guys but I do know that you're also sort of looking to provide relief to try to help out customers as much as possible in terms of off-systems sales. Just wondering any thoughts sort of directionally about that or...
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I will be happy to give you my thought. Allen, who is very familiar with these issues as well, I'd be happy to have Allen pitching his thoughts. I don't think near-term, certainly in the next 12 months, I wouldn't see any kind of major swing or major impact. However, if you look -- having said that, and again, I should remind everyone, energy sales for our -- sales into the MISO market over and above what our customers need, the revenue above cost from those sales go back to, as you pointed out, go back to reduced fuel costs for our customers. So that margin, the difference between our revenue that we would get in the hourly energy market and our cost to producing that, that goes back to help customers. Now if you look at one of our line items on our statements, you'll see a big increase so far in the first 9 months of this year in our off-system sales. That's because, already, we're seeing our Oak Creek units, our brand-new Oak Creek units, dispatched more often by MISO because of their fundamental efficiency. And we've had great availability at our Oak Creek units, our new Oak Creek units this year. So even without any change in the Seams Agreements, even without any additional congestion relief between MISO and PJM, we're starting to see the benefits for our customers of the higher off-systems sales into the MISO market point given the fundamental efficiency of those Oak Creek units. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. I guess, the only thing I would add, and maybe just picking on the fundamental efficiency point that Gale was making. I mean, when you look at the collection of units that we have from a thermal-efficiency standpoint, in the case of the new Oak Creek units, one of the most efficient units in the country, the last data set I saw, Paul, it was in the top 10 for steam units in the United States. And if you certainly look within MISO at our other units and how competitive those are, we believe those are, if not in the top decile, in the next to the top decile in terms of efficiency. So I would say, particularly if you got a higher-natural-gas-price environment, we would be very well positioned to bring some margin back for our customers, not for the owners, but certainly for our customers and that will be a wonderful thing.
Gale E. Klappa: So Paul, maybe we can get 5% energy sales growth after all.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Well, I mean, I just was wondering do you see any congestion relief between MISO and PJM? Or is that just something that's too far into the future for you guys at all. I mean, it's like you said, it isn't a bottom line impact. I was just wondering since you guys are significant in the market, and we're also talking about wind increasing in MISO as well, just sort of...
Gale E. Klappa: Yes.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Well, at this point, I don't see a lot of congestion relief between the 2 ISOs, between PJM and MISO. But what we are seeing some diminution in the congestion sort of going south through our system, which I guess, ultimately, you don't have to go too far south to get to PJM. So hopefully, we'll will see some.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you, again, for participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations Office and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thank you very much, everybody.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chairman of Wisconsin Gas LLC, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Gas LLC, President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company and President of Wisconsin Gas LLC James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Allen L. Leverett - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of WE Generation Operations, President of WE Generation Operations and Executive Vice President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company Stephen P. Dickson - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's conference call to review 2013 second quarter results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted a package of detailed financial information on its website at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Thank you, Colleen. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we review our 2013 second quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive of We Generation; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, our Controller; and Scott Lauber, our newly named Treasurer. Effective tomorrow, Allen will officially assume the role of President of Wisconsin Energy. Allen, of course, has been a key contributor to our success over the past decade, and this promotion recognizes his leadership skills and the broader operational role that he currently plays in the company. I will continue to serve as Chairman and Chief Executive. Allen, congratulations. Pat Keyes will be reviewing our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we're reporting earnings from continuing operations of $0.52 a share for the second quarter of 2013. This compares with earnings from continuing operations of $0.51 a share for the second quarter of 2012. Our earnings were boosted by stronger natural gas sales during a cooler and longer-than-normal spring, a slight uptick in earnings at We power and our share repurchase program. However, the cooler temperatures in June significantly reduced consumption of electricity, particularly for air-conditioning. Turning now to the economy of our region, Wisconsin's unemployment rate declined to 6.8% in June, well below the national average. However, in forecasting our second quarter sales for this year, we did anticipate some continued sluggishness in the regional economy. And that sluggishness was clearly evident in the numbers you saw this morning. Energy sales to our large commercial and industrial customers, excluding the iron ore mines, were down by 4.1% compared to the second quarter a year ago. As you may recall however, we experienced exceptionally warm weather in last year's second quarter. So when you factor in normal weather, whatever that is, sales to our large commercial and industrial group in the most recent quarter were down by 2.1%. Three of the industrial sectors that we served did show some encouraging growth during the quarter, printing and publishing, plastics and the chemical and air separation industries. Also we're continuing to see customer growth across our system. New electric service installations are up this year by nearly 3%, and new requests for natural gas service increased by more than 7% compared to the same period last year. Now as many of you know, we have 1 major construction project underway, our biomass-fueled power plant in Rothschild, Wisconsin. Construction is now nearly 90% complete, and we're on schedule for commercial operation by the end of this year. Since our last call, progress has continued. We achieved a significant milestone in May when the auxiliary natural gas boiler began supplying steam to the Domtar paper mill, which is located immediately adjacent to our new plant. In addition, we've successfully completed the oil flush of the steam turbine generator, and the chemical cleaning of the boiler is now complete. As of today, 47 of the plant's 80 systems are in the start-up and commissioning stages. In about a month, we expect to fire natural gas in the biomass boiler for the first time. As I've noted before, the biomass plant will help us diversify our portfolio of renewable energy. The unit will efficiently produce electricity for the grid and steam for the Domtar paper mill, and we'll be able to dispatch the unit, a benefit that's simply not available with solar or wind generation. Overall, our investment in the biomass plant is expected to total approximately $265 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. And as I mentioned, we're targeting commercial operation before the end of 2013. Switching gears now. You'll recall that in 2011, our board authorized us to buy back up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock. That authorization runs through the end of this year. During the second quarter, we purchased approximately 1,043,000 shares. Since the program began, we've repurchased 5,974,000 shares at a cost that is just under $206.6 million. That equates to an average purchase price of $34.57 a share. Moving to our recent dividend announcement. At our July meeting, the board voted to accelerate to the second half of 2013, the dividend action that was planned for the first quarter 2014. As a result, the directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.3825 a share on the company's common stock. This is an increase of $0.0425 a share on the quarterly dividend, and raises the annual rate from $1.36 a share to $1.53 a share. The board also reaffirmed our dividend policy that calls for a payout ratio to rise to 65% to 70% of our earnings in 2017, a level that will be more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. And now, I'd like to touch for a few minutes on our growth plan and on the investment opportunities that will unfold during the next several years. You may recall that our capital budget calls for spending $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the 5-year period 2013 through 2017. In this 5-year plan, we're shifting, of course, from the large high-profile projects that were part of our Power the Future effort to many smaller-scale projects designed to upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure. Over the next 5 years, we'll place a greater focus on pipes, poles, wires, transformers and substations, the very building blocks of our delivery business. We've already begun rebuilding 2,000 miles of electric distribution lines, replacing 18,500 aging power poles, 20,000 transformers and literally, hundreds of substation components. On the natural gas distribution side of our business, we've begun the work to replace 1,250 miles of gas mains, 83,000 individual gas distribution lines and approximately 233,000 meter sets. The primary risks associated with these type of projects, developmental, legal, regulatory and construction, are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the major projects we've completed in recent years. Our focus on renewing our distribution network is essential to maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest. And of course, we'll continue to update you as these needed infrastructure projects move forward. Another key investment we're planning is the conversion of our Valley Power Plant to natural gas. The Valley plant is a cogeneration facility, located along the Menomonee River, very near downtown Milwaukee. Valley generates electricity for the grid, produces steam to heat more than 450 buildings in the downtown Milwaukee business center and provides voltage support for our distribution network. We filed for Construction Authority with the Wisconsin Commission on April 26, and the notice of proceeding was issued by the Commission on June 21. If approved, we plan to complete the Valley conversion in late 2015 or early 2016 at an estimated cost of $65 million to $70 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. It's important to note that before we begin the conversion, we must upgrade the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. That upgrade began physically in March of this year, and we estimated that it will cost approximately $26 million. Converting Valley to natural gas has several very important benefits. First, it will reduce our operating costs and it will enhance the environmental performance of the units. We expect the electric capacity of the plant to remain at 280 megawatts, and we believe our plan will help support a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Turning now to developments at Oak Creek. We continue to make progress on our fuel flexibility initiative at the Oak Creek expansion units. As you may recall, the units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal. However, given the current cost differential between bituminous and Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal, blending the 2 types of coal could save our customers a significant amount of money. Our current estimate, $25 million to $50 million a year, depending upon the mix. So after receiving the necessary approvals, we began testing a blend of bituminous and Powder River Basin coal at our Oak Creek expansion units in May. Testing is expected to continue into 2015 and will help us identify the equipment modifications that would be needed to increase the percentage of Powder River Basin coal in our fuel mix at Oak Creek. Shifting now to our hydroelectric plants, you may recall that we plan to build a new powerhouse at our Twin Falls hydroelectric site on the border of Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Twin Falls is 1 of 13 hydroelectric plants in our system. It was built back in 1912, and while the plant is licensed to operate until 2040, the existing powerhouse is really in need of repair. We considered several alternatives, but the most prudent course of action is to build a new powerhouse and add spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. We received a Certificate of Authority for the project from the Wisconsin Commission in May. We're expecting a permit from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and the license amendment from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission later this year. If we receive the final approvals in a timely manner, we would begin construction by the spring of 2014, with completion planned in 2016. We estimate the cost of the project to be $60 million to $65 million, again, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. It's important to note that the investments we're planning on the generation side of our business are expected to lower costs for customers. For example, the Valley conversion is projected to save up to $20 million annually in operating costs. And our fuel flexibility effort at Oak Creek could save customers, as I mentioned, up to $50 million a year, depending on the fuel mix. Now turning to the natural gas distribution side of our business. We filed an application with the Wisconsin Commission in March to build a natural gas lateral in the West Central region of Wisconsin. The 85-mile line would run between Eau Claire County and the city of Tomah in Monroe County. The project will address reliability concerns in the Western part of Wisconsin and meet growing customer demand, driven in part by customers converting from propane to natural gas, and of course, the recent growth of the sand mining industry in the region. In addition, 7 communities have passed resolutions now authorizing us to begin operating natural gas distribution systems within their borders, and these are communities that currently do not have natural gas distribution service. So if our project is approved, construction of the line would begin in early 2015, with an in-service date during the fourth quarter of 2015. The projected cost is $150 million to $170 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We're also continuing to follow another possible investment opportunity, the potential sale of the State of Wisconsin's electric and steam generating plants. On June 30, Governor Walker signed into law a new state budget that includes a provision expanding the state's authority to sell or lease certain state-owned properties. This means that the administration now has the authority to sell the state's electric and steam plants. No formal timetable has been announced, but if a sale does take place, we will expect that it would occur in either 2014 or early 2015. And before closing my remarks, I'd like to briefly touch on one of the recent developments related to our Michigan operations. Under Michigan law, the retail customers may choose an alternative energy supplier to provide power supply service. The law limits customer choice to 10% of Michigan's retail sales, but the law excludes the iron ore mines from this cap. Of course, we continue to provide the distribution and customer service functions regardless of the customer's power supplier. In late July, the 2 iron ore mines we've been serving on uninterruptible tariff asked to switch to an alternative supplier effective September 1. In addition, several smaller customers have chosen an alternative supplier. We do not expect the loss of the mines or the smaller customers to have a material impact on our consolidated financial results or projections for 2013, and we're evaluating our options for mitigating this loss of load for 2014 and beyond. And now finally, I'd like to address a number of questions we've received recently about potential mergers and acquisitions. Our approach to mergers and acquisitions remains unchanged. As many of you are aware, we use 3 criteria to evaluate any potential opportunity: First, we would have to believe that an acquisition would be accretive to our earnings per share by the end of the first year; secondly, it would need to be substantially credit neutral; and finally, after due diligence, we would have to believe that the long-term growth rate of the acquisition would be at least equal to our stand-alone growth rate. Allen and I have applied these criteria for, gosh, for the 10 years we've been at Wisconsin Energy and the criteria remain firmly in place today. And now, with more details on our second quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2013, here's Pat.
James Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2013 second quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.52 a share, compared with $0.51 a share for the same quarter in 2012. Results were slightly better than last year, primarily because of increased natural gas sales, the positive impact of our share repurchases and increased earnings at We power. Our consolidated operating income for the second quarter was $229.5 million as compared to $222.6 million in 2012, an increase of $6.9 million. Starting with the Utility Energy segment, you will see that operating income in the second quarter of 2013 totaled $138.9 million, an increase of $5.3 million over the second quarter of 2012. Our second quarter earnings were helped by $15.4 million due to the pricing increases that went into effect January 1 of this year. We also experienced $5.5 million of favorable fuel recoveries as compared to the second quarter last year. Our earnings were hurt by $6.3 million because of the increased depreciation expense, largely driven by the environmental projects at the older Oak Creek units that were completed last year. Finally, we estimate that weather reduced our operating income by $13 million as compared to the second quarter of last year. Overall, these were the primary factors that netted to a $5.3 million improvement in utility operating income. I would also like to remind you of one item that is affecting our quarterly earnings. As I mentioned last quarter, we expect to receive a federal tax grant when we complete our new biomass facility later this year. Our customers are currently receiving the benefits of this grant through bill credits. However, accounting rules do not allow us to recognize the grant income until the plant is placed into service. We estimate that our second quarter earnings would have been $0.03 a share higher, and our first half earnings would've been $0.06 a share higher, if we had recorded the grant income to match the bill credits. Now turning to our Non-Utility segment. Operating income in this segment was up $1.3 million this quarter because of the final approval of our Power the Future plant costs in the last Wisconsin rate case. We expect this increase to continue each quarter through 2013. Taking the changes for these 2 segments together and a slight improvement at corporate and other, you arrive at the $6.9 million increase in operating income. Earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $17.3 million in the second quarter, which is a $1.1 million improvement over the same period in 2012. Our other income net declined by $2.8 million, primarily because of lower AFUDC. The AFUDC decreased because we completed the final stages of the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units last year. In addition, our net interest expense increased by $1.8 million, primarily because of the completion of the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units. Once the construction was complete, we stopped capitalizing interest. When compared to the second quarter of 2012, our pretax income is up by $3.4 million, and our income tax expense is higher by $3.7 million, causing the slight decrease in net income of $300,000. The higher effective tax rate this year is, again, partly driven by lower AFUDC. Our effective tax rate for 2013 is expected to be between 36% and 37%. Combining all these items brings you to $119 million of net income from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2013 or earnings of $0.52 per share. During the first 6 months of 2013, our adjusted operating cash flows totaled $684.2 million, which is a $47.9 million increase from the same period in 2012. This increase largely came from the lower working capital needs and cash received this year through customer rates for the recovery of regulatory assets. This was partially offset by a $24.9 million decrease in restricted cash that related to the 2012 refund of the Department of Energy settlement. Our total capital expenditures decreased by $6.7 million in the first half of 2013 as compared to 2012. This reflects the completion of the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units. We paid $155.6 million in common dividends for the first half of 2013, an increase of $17.3 million over the first half of 2012. As Gale mentioned earlier, the board announced its decision to accelerate to the second half of 2013 the dividend action that was originally planned for the first quarter of 2014. This equates to a quarterly dividend of $0.3825 a share, up from our prior $0.34 a share. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 52.2% at the end of June. Our calculation to reach half of our hybrid security is common equity, which is consistent with past presentations. The projected year-end debt-to-total capital is expected to be relatively flat with 2012 year end. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As shown in the earnings package on our website, retail sales of electricity decreased by 2.5% in the first half of 2013 as compared to the first half of 2012. Our normalized sales were down by 1.5%. All normalized sales are adjusted for the effects of leap year and weather. Looking at the individual customer segments, with the cool June weather, we saw actual residential sales, for the first half of the year, down 0.9%. On a normalized basis, the sales were down 0.3%. Across our small commercial/industrial group, sales for the first 6 months were down by 0.1%. But on a normalized basis, sales to small commercial/industrial customers were up 0.4%. On a normalized basis, sales for the first half of 2013 in the large commercial/industrial segment, excluding the iron ore mines, were down 1.4%. On the gas side of the business, total volumes the first half of the year increased by 11.8%, primarily due to colder weather than last year. On a normalized basis, and excluding the volumes used in power generation, gas volumes increased by 2% compared to 2012. This is attributed to an increase in customers, fuel switching to natural gas and the positive impact of additional gas used in the sand mining industry. Overall, these gas volumes were better than our projections. The overall effect of the electric and gas results are in line with our sales expectations. Turning to other items of interest. In June of 2013, our electric subsidiary issued a $250 million 5-year bond at a coupon of 1.7%. This bond essentially replaced a $300 million bond with a coupon of 4.5% that came due in May. Finally, looking to our earnings forecast. First, we're tightening our 2013 guidance. Our prior guidance was in a range of $2.38 a share to $2.48 a share. Our new 2013 guidance will be from $2.41 a share to $2.48 a share. Before I turn things back to Gale, I would also like to provide guidance on our third quarter earnings. As background, we earned $0.67 per share in the third quarter of 2012. However, a hot summer boosted our third quarter earnings last year by $0.06 per share. Also as mentioned earlier, we cannot record the income from the federal tax grant for our biomass plant until the plant is placed into service. The customer bill credits will continue in the third quarter, and this is expected to reduce our third quarter earnings this year by $0.03 per share. Taking these factors into consideration, and assuming normal weather, we estimate our 2013 third quarter earnings to be in the range of $0.52 to $0.56 per share. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa: Thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Quick and simple question. You've obviously tightened your earnings guidance range. You've raised the lower end of the range. That's good, but it seems to me, if my memory is correct, that your sales growth is trailing behind what your beginning of the year budget expectation was. So can you tell us what you've done in terms of a midcourse correction to stay on track to have such a good year?
Gale E. Klappa: I appreciate it, Greg. Well, the first thing is, the bill wasn't too bad at Catch 35. It's a little inside joke, folks. At any rate, if you look at our natural gas sales projections, remember our natural gas distribution business is about 20% of our total business. And then, you look at our electric sales projections. You put it all in one pot and we're about on target with where we thought we would be overall for energy consumption. So there's not been a big deviation up to this point, through the first 6 months of this year, against our sales growth forecast when you put the whole group of companies together.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. So I was focused on the electric numbers, and -- but the gas numbers are ahead of plan?
Gale E. Klappa: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the state power plants, the timeframe, Gale, I think you laid out was probably a little longer than we might have thought. Maybe we were too optimistic or it there some extra steps that have to go through here? And just could you update on how you see that process playing out?
Gale E. Klappa: Happy to, Jonathan. The truth of the matter is, the state has not announced -- or the Department of Administration, on behalf of the state, has not announced a formal timetable. We know that this is something that they are planning, that they are putting together a process to move forward with. But they've not announced a formal timetable. So the information we gave you in the prepared remarks, it was a sale that would be perhaps a 2014 or early 2015 event, that's our best guess at this stage of the game because they've not announced a timetable. But I don't sense any slippage in their desire to try to put a process together and move forward. It's just we don't have a very good handle, because no one has talked about a specific timetable at this stage of the game. On the other hand, the governor has said publicly how he would like to use the proceeds from the sale if a sale takes place. So there's no lack of attention at the state in terms of trying to put together a process. I hope that helps, Jonathan.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And the other thing on timing, it seems like kind of you're now expecting not to start the Twin Falls construction until next year, rather than later this year. Is that just -- but you're still on track for 2016. What's going on there?
Gale E. Klappa: You're correct. We would plan to start next year. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: That's right, in the spring of 2014. So we need one last permit from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, and then, the final approval from FERC. So we expect to get those well before year end, which will allow us to -- when the construction season starts in Michigan, to do the construction starting in spring of '14.
Jonathan P. Arnold - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You were saying fall of '13, last quarter. I was just wondering, what's taken longer?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, that DNR permit that we need, we have to have that Wisconsin DNR permit before the FERC will act. So it's taken us a bit longer to get that Wisconsin DNR permit than we had hoped. Because part of what's happening with this project, Jonathan, this might be too much detail, but we're literally moving the powerhouse from the Michigan side of the river to the Wisconsin side of the river. And because of that, even though it's the same river, the Wisconsin regulators have to weigh in. So that's taking a little longer than we expected.
Gale E. Klappa: Thank you for the question. We don't, by the way, think anything is off track here. It's just a matter of working through the permitting process, and that's taking just a hair longer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with CRT Capital.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: I wanted to move to a strategic line of questioning, if you don't mind.
Gale E. Klappa: We'd be happy to talk strategy.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. So as we know, this back-to-basic strategy emerged in earnest in, call it 2005. It was centered on rate-based growth and cost containment efforts. So with that backdrop, let me look at the cost side of the ledger, if you don't mind. One of the key themes this earnings season has been containing costs, yet with 7 to 8 years of cost-reduction efforts already underway, I'm having a tough time reconciling how much fruit might be left on a proverbial tree, so to speak. So the question to you is, could you shed some light on how Wisconsin balances your -- Wisconsin Energy that is, balances your near-term cost containment efforts without triggering a potentially longer-term negative impact on the business, be it earnings or reliability issues and the like? And importantly, how we should think about where the future cost savings could come from?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, I'll give it a shot, and we'll be happy to ask Pat and Allen to pitch in as well. Let me start with kind of our approach, because I think that if we talk in some detail about our approach, it might help shed light on the other aspects of your question. Our approach, essentially, can be broken down into 2 pieces. Piece 1 is we are -- and I think you saw this reflected in a lot of what we talked about in terms of the capital projects, particularly on the generation side of the business. Our first approach is to look for and carry out investment opportunities that can actually lower O&M costs and lower cost for customers. So if we can make a capital investment that actually takes our O&M costs down, that gives us an investment opportunity, but it also directly benefits customers. And we have a couple of very specific projects along those lines that we touched on, and I'll ask Allen just to briefly touch again. That would be Valley and our Oak Creek fuel flexibility initiative. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, and just on that note, Jim, in the case of Valley, that's a fuel-switching project. So there, what we propose to do is switch from coal to natural gas. Of course, when you go away from solid fuel for this kind of plant, much lower level of employment at the plant, the great deal of expenses and capital investments that will just go away because you're no longer handling solid fuel and handling the combustion byproducts that come along with solid fuel. So as Gale mentioned in the prepared remarks, that could be up to a $20 million-a-year savings. On sort of the fuel flexibility front, Gale also mentioned the project at the Oak Creek expansion plan where we're -- want to make investments to be able to burn a blend of bit and sub-bit coal. Depending on what we're able to do in terms of an ultimate level of sub-bituminous coal, we could be looking at $50 million a year in savings. Now, of course, those aren't O&M savings. They're fuel savings. But that still serves, I mean because ultimately, customers don't discriminate between O&M and fuel, they're just looking at their total bill. So that, certainly, is another source of savings. And I know, in other areas, Pat, we're looking at things.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, that's kind of piece 1, Jim. And as Allen said, and we're going to ask Pat to comment here, on the nongeneration side of our business, we believe there are numerous opportunities to invest in automation and process improvement to take O&M out of the business. And Pat can give you a couple examples of that. And then, I'll come back with a third piece after Pat can give you a couple of examples of how we can automate our processes, use IT technology to cut O&M. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Sure, be glad to, Gale. So Jim, I think as Gale alluded to, at the core of this are lots of small initiatives where we identify where our process inefficiencies are, where we have a lot of hand-offs, where we have a lot of people pushing paper and not thinking in effect, and figuring out how we can better automate them. And that's not any one big project. That's a series of several that we will do year-on-year-on-year. So that's kind of the core example. But there's other more tactical examples. And let me use customer service as one of them. There are segments of our customers, generally speaking the younger folks, that don't really like the whole experience of calling into a call center. So the more functionality or more ways of interacting with us that we can make available on the web or on mobile apps, those customers would prefer to shift to that channel of interaction. And that is a win for them, it's also a win for us because that's a lower-cost channel for them to interact with than picking up the phone. So we've got several ideas that we continue to roll out applications in that area. Another area we're looking at is in parts of our service territory. That is, universities where we've got high volumes of people going on and off during move season, would there be an advantage to put remote disconnect technology in those areas so that we don't have to send people out every spring and every fall to disconnect and reconnect the meter? Again, we're still evaluating it. May roll that out over time. But that's another example of a place we still have opportunity for cost take-out. So with that, Gale, I'll turn it back to you.
Gale E. Klappa: Terrific. And you may be getting more detail than you want here, Jim. But there's a third piece and that's what I generally call line losses. And that's been one of our focuses over time, in terms of how do you reduce line losses. And there are all kinds of ways, both from a process standpoint and a technical standpoint on line losses. And we've been pretty successful at actually reducing our line losses over time. We were able to do that in England. We've been able to do that here. So there's just hundreds of little initiatives, all focused on process improvement, automation and investment that can take O&M out of the business over time. I hope that helps, Jim.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, it is. So the bottom line is that you replace OpEx with CapEx, you keep your cost structure relatively flat by automating stuff, and that your earnings growth prospectively isn't predicated on job cuts or major cost-reduction initiatives. Is that right, the way I think about it?
Gale E. Klappa: I think you've nailed it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So going back to one of the little details there on Michigan, I'd be curious, what caused the switching decision now, of any period? And frankly, you alluded to the mines being an exception. Are all the customers here mines that you're talking about? And perhaps, what are the alternative solutions, if you will, that you're evaluating potentially?
Gale E. Klappa: Okay, sure. Well, the 2 major customers, obviously, are the iron ore mines. We really don't know what motivated them. I mean they have been eligible to switch, I believe since 2002, when that First Choice law was introduced in Michigan. And the last amendment to the law in which they received the -- well, actually, the Choice was introduced in Michigan in 2002. There was a 2008 amendment to the Choice law that specifically exempted the mines from the cap. So they've been eligible to switch for -- well, ever since 2008. What specifically motivated them at this stage of the game, we really don't know for certain. But again, I think there's some internal dynamics up there at the 2 mines, the Empire Mine and the Tilden Mine. Those are the names of the 2 mines. One of the dynamics, certainly, that we expected was that the Empire Mine, based on their public announcements, is going to close for good at the end of 2014. And we're not certain, based on the information they've given us, just how much they intended to produce out of that mine anyway in 2014. So the switch of the Empire Mine may have had something to do with the final stages of its life. Well, I'm speculating though, we just don't know for certain what motivated the particular timing for their switch. The other customers that have switched so far -- I might add, by the way, that we are the last utility that I'm aware of in Michigan to see customer switching. From 2002 up until June of this year, we hadn't lost a single customer in the Upper Peninsula. But the other customers who are switching are, by and large, very small customers. I know of a paint store, I know of a bank branch. Very, very small customers. So I hope that helps.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Absolutely. And just in the remarketing, I mean, if you can give us some sense of a net impact. It's probably fairly modest, but ...
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think in terms of remarketing, and certainly, we have some opportunities for serving some other customers, but also, we simply have to look at -- as we have been looking at, we simply have to look at the future of the Presque Isle Power Plant up in the Upper Peninsula. Normally, if you lost -- if you were in a normal business and you lost a significant customer load, even though it may or may not have been particularly profitable, you would look at, well, what capacity do I still need? So one of the things we obviously have to reexamine is the future of the Presque Isle Power Plant. It's all very early days and we will work our way through this; having active discussions internally, obviously, and with the Michigan Public Service Commission. And we'll just step-by-step, methodically, logically and productively work our way through this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with Morningstar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A quick clarifying question on the share buyback. What was the average purchase price in the quarter? And I apologize, I missed the total shares since program initiation?
Gale E. Klappa: We have that in the script, and we'll go back to the page here in terms of the total number of shares for the program.
James Patrick Keyes: So Andy, this is Pat. For the program, it was 5.974 million shares at around $206 million, so an average share price of $34.57. For the quarter, we purchased just over 1 million shares for just over $43 million.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And one other question. You've talked in detail about your growth opportunities, which was much appreciated. In the past, you've highlighted the additional opportunities at ATC, not only within Wisconsin, Michigan, but outside that footprint. Any update on those additional opportunities or is this announcement still pretty out in the future?
Gale E. Klappa: I think all of the information we provided you over time about the 10-year growth forecast for American Transmission Company still applies today. They, as you probably remember, Andy, they do a rolling 10-year forecast that's updated every autumn. And I believe it's October.
Allen L. Leverett: It's done in October, Andy. This is Allen. Yes.
Gale E. Klappa: So nothing different. Still on track and a new update coming in October.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What was the fuel cover on an absolute basis? I know it was $5 million relative to last year.
Gale E. Klappa: The famous Steve Dixon is turning to that page right now.
Stephen P. Dickson: Yes, our fuel recovery, we are above the 2% band, so we are deferring everything about the 2% band. And through the 6 months, we're at about $16.6 million, which is where the band is, and we're a little bit above that. We're at $19.7 million, so we deferred the amount above $16 million. Does that make sense?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So $3 million?
Stephen P. Dickson: $3 million is what we've deferred.
Gale E. Klappa: What we've deferred. Yes, so in other words, we're allowed to keep for our shareholders anything up to 2% above the target amount or our shareholders have to eat anything below the 2% target amount. And what Steve is saying is, we were just above the 2% target amount. So what you saw in our earnings was the amount up to the 2% target. The remaining over recovery, we've deferred. And if that holds, that will go back to customers.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So you ate $2 million last year, is that the right way to think about it, to get to $5 million this year?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, that is correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just because you mentioned it about line losses, what are you doing with conservation voltage regulation? What's the opportunity there?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, obviously, there's a lot of work going on around the industry related to that. I know EPRI has a project related to that. Some utilities are looking at it. We're looking at it, but nothing definitive yet.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So your work so far has been on the utility side of the meter?
Gale E. Klappa: That is largely correct, yes.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Natural gas demand. We've seen in a handful of utilities, I think you guys as well, what is a little bit of a pickup in weather-normalized demand for natural gas from utilities to their customers. Could you just comment on that? What are the trends you're seeing, whether you think it's a short-term blip or whether it's something structural? After all, if you look at like 10, 20, 30-year cycles of natural gas demand served by utilities, it had actually been on a downward slope. So just curious if this is a short-term thing or something else to look out for?
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, Michael, and I'll give you my theory, for what it's worth. First of all, I think you're right. Here and across the country, we've seen a little change in terms of the historic past 20 years where usage per customer was going down at a slow, but reasonably steady rate. And clearly -- well, let's start with demand. Most of the demand for natural gas in a state like Wisconsin is coming from residential and small commercial customers. In fact, about 2/3 of the natural gas historically consumed in the state of Wisconsin is consumed by residential and small commercial customers. So there, very weather-dependent, obviously, year to year, but when you try to weather normalize, the big change has been the efficiency of furnaces. So if, for example, you replaced a 20-year-old gas-fueled furnace with a brand new one, you would get a significant percentage pickup in efficiency. And I think -- and it's that way with virtually every natural gas appliance in your home. The new appliances are simply much, much more efficient. So I believe that was the big factor driving this kind of slow but steady decline year after year in usage, natural gas usage per customer. Now the last couple of years as natural gas prices have really been low and have stayed low, we have seen a break in that pattern. And you can see it in the numbers we reported today. Couple of things going on. First of all, you know when it costs you less per term and your wife is cold, you know you're going to turn it up. So I think that's piece 1. The second piece is -- so I think there's not as much price disincentive to being more comfortable and to using more natural gas. So that may be one structural change. I think the second is we're seeing an uptick again in conversions. If you look at the price spread in most parts of the country between propane and natural gas, there's still a very significant price spread that incentivizes customers to switch from the use of propane to the use of natural gas. In fact, I think I mentioned during my prepared remarks that we've gotten authorizations and requests now from 7 smaller communities in the western part of Wisconsin, asking us to begin providing natural gas distribution service so that their residents have the opportunity to switch from either oil, propane baseload heat to natural gas. So I think that the pricing of natural gas today is causing a changed behavior in the marketplace, driving more customer connections, driving a move away from propane. And that is mitigating, I think, the increased efficiency that customers are seeing when they upgrade their equipment. So I hope that helps.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It helped. How do you think about what -- you've talked at length about what's kind of in guidance or in your views about weather-normalized electricity demand. What's in your views for weather-normalized gas demand?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, until we see -- I'll be honest with you. Until we see more of a pattern here, I'm not sure we're ready to declare it a structural change. But we're obviously taking a very hard look at it, and if we see enough evidence that there's a structural change, it will change our long-term forecast. For now, candidly, the weather has been so abnormal, either abnormally warm or abnormally cold in the last 2 or 3 winters, and you know, I've talked about the limitations of the weather normalization techniques. I think we need to see a little more data and hopefully, more normal weather so that we can really understand whether the weather is driving some of this change, and our weather normalization techniques are limited, which they are, or whether there's true structural change. So I don't mean to give you a vague answer at all, but I think in another 24 months, I hope we would have a better answer for you because we'll have more data.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Jim von Riesemann with CRT Capital.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Going back strategically, under what conditions do you think the board or what conditions would be ripe for the board to raise your payout ratio above 70%?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I can tell you about how Allen and I both look at it. And our board would certainly have a view, but they tend to follow our logic very well in terms of the financial structure. If you step back and you say, "All right, there are several components of the business that we want to make sure all fit together." All right? So the first thing we look at is what is our cash need? And that's driven by what is our investment opportunity. And as we said, for the next several years, 2013 through 2017, we expect an investment opportunity ranging from $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion. So that's Step 1. We identify our investment opportunities and our cash needs. Step 2 is we know that we want to maintain a strong A-category credit rating. So we know what debt-to-total capital and equity-to-total capital, we know what that needs to look like on a percentage basis. And then, thirdly, we don't really want to be forced -- unless there's an incredible opportunity that we didn't see, we don't want to be forced into issuing equity. And so you put all that together and out falls a sustainable medium-term dividend payout ratio. We really look at it systematically, block by block, in terms of the components of the business. And so I think logically, to directly answer your question: What would motivate the board to materially increase the payout ratio? It would be if we thought there was just simply a derth of investment opportunities where you simply -- you didn't have a productive use for that cash. Allen, anything you'd like to add?
Allen L. Leverett: No, I don't think so, Gale. But you always go through those 3 parts, Jim, that Gale enumerated.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you taking part in the call today. That concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Again, thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office, and her direct line (414)221-2592. Thanks again, everybody. Take care.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chairman of Wisconsin Gas LLC, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Gas LLC, President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company and President of Wisconsin Gas LLC James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Allen L. Leverett - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of WE Generation Operations, President of WE Generation Operations and Executive Vice President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company Stephen P. Dickson - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's Conference Call to review 2013 first quarter results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Colleen, thank you. On this beautiful spring day, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review the company's 2013 first quarter results. I'll begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive of WE Generation; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dixon, Controller; and Scott Lauber, Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.76 a share for the first quarter of 2013. This compares with earnings of $0.74 a share for the first quarter last year. The results were stronger than last year, primarily because of favorable weather, the positive impact of our share repurchases and slightly higher earnings at WE Power. You may recall that we experienced the warmest winter in 122 years last year. By contrast, this winter was colder than normal. And March was a particularly strong month. We actually delivered 71% more natural gas to our customers in March of this year than March a year ago. Our earnings also rose by $0.01 a share at WE Power in light of the final approval during our last Wisconsin rate case of the investment in our new Oak Creek units. In addition, the impact of our share repurchase program added $0.01 a share to our earnings for the quarter. We also continued to achieve milestones in the operational areas. In fact, J.D. Power & Associates has ranked our company the #1 large utility in the midwest for customer satisfaction among business customers. Turning now to the economy in our region. Wisconsin's unemployment rate climbed to 7.1% in March. That's up from 6.7% in December, but still well below the national average. Given that the economy was just treading water during the winter months, it's not surprising that Energy sales to our large commercial and industrial customers declined by about 3.9% compared to the first quarter a year ago. The main drivers of this reduction were lower Energy sales to our largest customer, the iron ore mines in Michigan's upper Peninsula and the impact of leap year in 2012, obviously not recurring in 2013. Factoring out the impact of the mines, leap year and weather, sales to our large commercial and industrial customers declined just slightly by 0.5%. Overall, sales to our large customers were in line with our expectations for the first quarter. We did however, see growth in several sectors particularly printing and publishing and the production of plastics. An uptick in new customer connections also continued in the first quarter. New electric service installations were up 5% compared to the first quarter of 2012 and connections of new natural gas customers rose by 3.9%, again, compared to the same period last year. Now, as many of you know, we have 1 major construction project underway. Our biomass fueled power plant and Rothchild, Wisconsin. Construction is now nearly 80% complete and we're on schedule for commercial operation by the end of 2013. Erection of the main boiler was finished earlier this year. The switch yard has now been energized and connected to the distribution system. And piping and electrical installation continue throughout the project. We successfully completed a hydro test of the boiler in February, ensuring that all boiler pipes are welded properly and can function under the required operating pressures. We began conducting steam blows earlier this month, pushing steam through the pipes to clear dirt and debris that accumulate during construction. Work on the fuel handling system, which includes the truck dumper and the conveyor network, continues, and we expect the fuel handling system to be completed, powered and ready for testing during the second quarter of this year. And then just 2 days from now, we'll be hosting our annual stockholders meeting in Rothchild. We're offering our shareholders an opportunity to tour the construction site and see the progress firsthand. Now, as I've noted before, the biomass plant will help us diversify our portfolio of renewable energy. We'll be able to dispatch the unit and the efficient technology that will produce electricity for the grid and steam for the operating paper mill will clearly enhance the economics of the project. Our investment in the biomass plant is expected to total some $255 million and that's excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Turning now to Wisconsin Regulatory matters. As you may recall, the rate request we filed in 2012 with the Wisconsin Commission for electric, natural gas and steam rates covered our revenue requirements for the years 2013 and 2014. The commission completed its review, and issued a final order last December for rates that went into effect on January 1. Our request, of course, was driven primarily by the investment of approximately $1.6 billion in previously approved capital projects, including the air-quality controls at our older Oak Creek units, the Glacier Hills Wind Park and the Rothchild biomass plant. Switching gears now, you'll recall that in 2011, our board authorized this buyback up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock. That authorization runs through the end of 2013. During the first quarter, we purchased approximately 279,000 shares at a cost of $11.1 million. Since the program began, we repurchased approximately $4,930,000 shares at a cost of just under $163 million. That equates to an average purchase price of $33.03 a share. And as we previously announced, our board has adopted a dividend policy that targets a 60% payout ratio in 2014 trending to a 65% to 70% ratio in 2017. This policy should support double-digit dividend growth next year and 7% to 8% increases from 2015 to 2017 as we move toward a payout ratio that is more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. Of course, in January the board raised the quarterly dividend to $0.34 a share, an increase of 13.3%. The new quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.36 a share. Now, I'd like to turn to another topic and discuss the investment opportunities that we see in our core business as we focus on delivering the future. Our capital budget calls for spending $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the 5-year period 2013 through 2017. And with this 5-year budget, the nature of our capital investments are shifting away from high-profile projects such as our Power The Future units, renewable generation and larger quality controls. Instead, our capital plan is comprised of many smaller projects that will upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure. Over the next 5 years, we will focus on the building blocks, if you will, of our delivery business: Pipes, poles, wires, transformers and substations. Starting this year and continuing through 2017, we plan to rebuild 2,000 miles of electric distribution lines that are, today, more than 50 years old. We also intend to replace 18,500 power poles, 20,000 transformers and literally hundreds of substation components. On the natural gas side of our business, we plan to replace 1,250 miles of gas mains, as well as 83,000 individual gas distribution lines and approximately 233,000-meter sets. The primary risks associated with these projects, developmental, legal, regulatory and construction, are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the megaprojects that we've completed in recent years. Our focus on renewing our distribution network is essential to maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest. We'll of course keep you up-to-date as these needed infrastructure upgrades move forward. And along those lines, we have identified the need for additional capacity on our natural gas distribution system in the western part of Wisconsin to address reliability and to meet growing demand. This demand is driven in part by customers converting from propane to natural gas and by the growth of the sand mining industry in that region. We've evaluated routes and submitted our application to the Wisconsin Commission on March 28. We're asking for authority to build a natural gas lateral that would stretch for approximately 85 miles from Eau Claire County in the far western part of the state to the city of Tomah in Monroe County, in West Central Wisconsin. If approved, construction could start in early 2015 with a projected in-service date during the fourth quarter of 2015. Our projected investment in the initial phase of this project is expected to range between $150 million and $170 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Moving now from distribution to generation, as you recall, we signed a definitive agreement with Wolverine Power Cooperative in late November of last year that calls for Wolverine to acquire a minority interest in the Presque Power Plant in Marquette Michigan by funding new state-of-the-art emission controls for the facility. The new controls are necessary to meet expected changes in air-quality rules while maintaining system reliability in Michigan's upper Peninsula. We began seeking regulatory approval of the joint venture in February of this year. We've already received orders from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the Michigan Public Service Commission and proceedings in Wisconsin are moving along well. We're targeting receipt of all necessary approvals by early fourth quarter of this year and we hope to begin construction in 2014. As a reminder, the joint venture will not reduce our rate base, but we expect that it will reduce our operating costs. And you'll remember that we also announced plans to convert the fuel source for our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. As a reminder, the Valley Plant is a cogeneration facility located on the Menomonee River here in Milwaukee that generates electricity for the grid, provides voltage support for the grid, and produces reliable steam to heat more than 450 downtown Milwaukee buildings. Our analysis shows that converting the fuel source for the plant will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units. The electric capacity of the plant is expected to remain at 280 megawatts. We filed an application with the Wisconsin Commission just last week on April 26. If approved, our target for completing the conversion at Valley will be late 2015 or early 2016. The current cost estimate? $65 million to $70 million. Now, this project will follow the $26 million upgrade of the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. We believe the plan we put in place will secure Valley's role in meeting the energy needs of a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. Turning now to our Oak Creek expansion units, we continue to make progress on our fuel flexibility initiative at the plant. We received a revised air permit from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources that will allow us to make changes at the Oak Creek expansion units. Changes that are necessary for the blending of Eastern bituminous and Western sub-bituminous coal. The units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal, but given the current cost differential between bituminous and sub-bituminous coal, our customers could see annual fuel savings of $25 million to $50 million depending on the amount of sub-bituminous coal that could be used in blending. We expect to begin testing now in May and to continue our testing into 2014. We would then apply for authority from the Wisconsin Commission to invest in the plant upgrades that would be needed. Another possible investment opportunity that we continue to follow is the potential sale of the electric and steam generating plants that are owned by the state of Wisconsin. The governor has proposed a new 2-year state budget that includes a provision to expand the state's authority to sell or lease certain state-owned properties including these plants. We expect the Wisconsin Legislature to complete its action on the state budget by mid-summer. Finally, I'd like to give you an update in our plan to build a new powerhouse at the Twin Falls hydroelectric site. Twin Falls is located on the border of Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Twin Falls is one of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. It was built back in 1912. And while the plant is licensed to operate until 2040, the existing powerhouse is badly in need of repair. We considered several alternatives, but the most prudent course is to build a new powerhouse. The project also calls for adding spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. We filed an application with the Wisconsin Commission for a certificate of authority for the project, as well as a license amendment application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We have also been securing other necessary permits and licenses along the way. Assuming the project is approved, we expect to begin construction in the fall of 2013 with completion in 2016. We estimate the cost of the project to be between $60 million and $65 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Now, before wrapping our update up, I have a quick update for you on American Transmission Company. We're the second largest owner of ATC with an ownership stake of 26.2%. Of course, ATC is investing in its traditional service area, but the company is also reviewing transmission investments in other parts of the country. ATC is pursuing these investments through a joint venture with Duke Energy known as DATC. As many of you may already know, DATC recently acquired a 72% interest in California's Path 15 transmission line for an investment of $56 million. Path 15 is an 84-mile, 500 kv line in Central California. The Wisconsin Energy equity investment in this project is expected to be approximately $7.4 million. In conclusion, our company continues to perform at a high level and we're off to a strong start in 2013. And now, for the details on our first quarter, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, our 2013 first quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.76 a share compared with $0.74 a share for the same quarter in 2012. The results were better than last year primarily because of favorable weather, the positive impact of our share repurchases and increased earnings at WE Power. Our consolidated operating income for the first quarter was $321 million as compared to $295.7 million in 2012, an increase of $25.3 million. Starting with the utility energy segment, you will see that operating income in the first quarter totaled $230.6 million for 2013, an increase of $22 million over the first quarter of 2012. As Gale mentioned earlier, we experienced a colder than normal winter, which was a significant contrast from 2012 when we experienced record warmth. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, we estimate that our electric and gas margins improved by $50.4 million because of the weather. This year, we estimate that we were helped by $16.2 million as compared to normal weather. And last year, we estimate that we were hurt by $34.2 million because of the abnormally warm weather. As we turn to the other factors impacting utility operating income, recall that we implemented new rates for our electric and gas customers in Wisconsin effective January 1 of this year. These new rates reflect our investments in environmental controls and renewable energy. These rates also reflect changes in our O&M costs, including the reinstatement of the amortization of certain regulatory assets. If you recall, last year, as part of our base rate freeze, we had a regulatory amortization holiday. With that as background, you will notice that our depreciation expense is up $7.9 million, primarily because of the investment in environmental controls. We also estimate that the impact of leap year in 2012, not repeating of course in 2013, reduced our electric and gas margins by $6.7 million. Our fuel recoveries are $5.1 million behind last year's first quarter and our O&M costs are $4.2 million higher this year. As I mentioned, last year we had an amortization holiday that reduced our annual O&M by $148 million or $37.5 million per quarter. This year, we reinstated the amortization. However, our bad debt expense was down by $17.2 million this quarter and we lengthened the lives of certain other amortizations, which reduced expenses by approximately $3 million. In addition, the business units reduced operating costs by approximately $13.1 million as compared to last year. Combining all of these items brings you to the $4.2 million increase in O&M costs. Our O&M cost will vary each quarter. However, as a reminder, we expect our annual O&M cost to be flat to 2% higher than 2012. Finally, we had an additional $4.5 million of other net costs, which when combined with the above items, resulted in a $22 million net increase in utility operating income. I would also like to mention 1 item briefly that is affecting our quarterly earnings. As you may recall, we expect to receive a federal tax grant when we complete our new biomass facility later this year. Our customers are currently receiving the benefits of this grant through bill credits. However, accounting rules do not allow us to recognize a grant income until the plant is placed into service. We estimate that our first quarter earnings would have been $0.03 [ph] higher if we have recorded the grant income to match the bill credits. Now, turning to our non-utility segment, operating income in this segment was up $3.2 million this quarter because of the final approval of our Power The Future plant costs in the last Wisconsin rate case. We expect this increase to continue each quarter throughout 2013. Taking the changes for these 2 segments together, and a slight improvement a corporate and other, you arrive at the $25.3 million increase in operating income. Earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $16.6 million in the first quarter, which is a $1 million improvement over the same period in 2012. Our other income net, declined by $11.6 million, primarily because of lower AFUDC. AFUDC decreased as a result of the completion of the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units last year. In addition, our net interest expense increased by $6.1 million, primarily because of the completion of the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units. Once the construction was completed, we stopped capitalizing interests. Consolidated income tax expense rose by $4.1 million because of higher pretax earnings and a higher effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2013 is expected to be between 37% and 38%. Combining all of these items brings you to $176.6 million of net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2013, or earnings of $0.76 per share. During the first quarter of 2013, we generated $330.3 million of cash from operations, a $10.2 million decrease from the first quarter of 2012. This decrease is a result of higher working capital requirements driven by higher accounts receivable and accrued revenue, given the colder weather, compared to last year. Partially offsetting this is higher net income and higher depreciation and amortization. Our total capital expenditures decreased by $8.7 million in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the opening quarter of 2012. We saw lower expenditures because construction is complete on the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units. This was partially offset by additional capital expenditures related to the biomass project. We also paid $77.8 million in common dividends in 2013, an increase of $8.7 million over 2012. Dividends for the year equate to an annual rate of $1.36 per share which is a 13.3% increase over the prior year's annual dividend of $1.20 per share. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 52.3% at the end of March. Our calculation treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentation. The projected year end debt-to-total capital is expected to be relatively flat with 2012 year end. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. And as shown in the earnings package on our website, retail sales of electricity increased by 0.5% in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the first quarter of 2012. Our normalized first quarter sales were down by 0.6%. All normalized sales are adjusted for the effects of leap year and weather. Leap year alone caused the decline of approximately 1.1% in 2013 relative to 2012. Looking at the individual customer segments, with the return of colder weather, we saw actual residential sales up 5.2% and on a normalized basis, the sales were up 0.4%. Across our small commercial and industrial group, we actually saw -- we saw actual quarterly sales up 1.3%. On a normalized basis, sales of small, commercial and industrial customers were down 0.7%. In the large commercial & industrial segment, on a normalized basis, sales for the first quarter of 2013 were down by 1.4%. And if you exclude the iron ore mines, sales were down 0.5%. Overall, these results are in line with our expectations. Turning now to our earnings forecast. First, we're reaffirming our 2013 guidance of $2.38 a share to $2.48 a share. While we were helped by the first quarter weather, we still have 9 more months of weather variability ahead of us. Before I turn things back to Gale, I would also like to provide guidance on our second quarter earnings. As background, we earned $0.51 per share in the second quarter of 2012. However, the weather boosted our second quarter earnings last year by $0.03 per share. In addition, our 2012 earnings were frontloaded because of the allowance for funds used during construction that we booked on the air quality control project at older Oak Creek units. Also, as mentioned earlier, we cannot record the income from the federal tax grant for our biomass plant until the plant is placed into service. The customer bill credits will continue in the second quarter and this is expected to reduce our quarterly earnings by $0.03 per share. Taking these factors into consideration, and assuming normal weather, we estimate our 2013 second quarter earnings to be in the range of $0.42 to $0.46 per share. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Real quick question. And by the way, congrats guys on a good quarter. Just curious in terms of how you're thinking -- and this may be an Allen question, how you're thinking about the capital expansion process? I know it's kind of in the budget for ATC, but in terms of the execution part of that, meaning getting permits, getting siting, getting it done on time, on trajectory?
Gale E. Klappa: That's definitely an Allen question.
Allen L. Leverett: I guess you'd have to take that in sort of in 2 parts, Michael. Within the state of Wisconsin, within [indiscernible] and within the upper Peninsula of Michigan, they certainly had a very, now long-standing, over a decade, process that's pretty well understood and they have a good process at ATC to go through that. And really, the only uncertainty there is when you bring a project forward, the primary uncertainty is the time frame that are going to be required to get regulatory approvals. But typically, for a CA, the way a CA works now, once your CA is deemed complete, it's no more than 360 days to get approval. There's a 180-day initial period and then the Commission can extend that for another 180 days. So I think within the footprints, that would be the primary question, just the length of time that it would take to get a regulatory approval. Outside the footprints, I mean we're still pretty early days, Michael, on doing projects outside the footprint. Gale mentioned the Path 15 investment, but that was an existing transmission line. So outside of the footprint, not a lot that I can say about that. But candidly, if you look at our forecast for this year, '14, '15, we're not assuming any projects outside the footprint in any case. Hopefully, that helps.
Gale E. Klappa: And Michael, I think Allen made an important point. If you look at the capital expenditures that we've broken down in our Investor Day that we talked about, the $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the 5-year period, Allen is correct. We do not include any outside the footprint investment in ATC in those numbers. So that would be investment upside.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And how about on the gas side? I mean, lots of what I'm asking about is very nuts and bolts stuff. But you've got a lot of gas distribution infrastructure investment in your plan over the next couple of years. Just curious whether siting -- how does siting and permitting process of that works in the state of Wisconsin? Do you have to go to local siding boards? Do you go straight to PSC and it serves as kind of centralized siding board, et cetera?
Gale E. Klappa: Both are good questions, Michael. The answer is really in 2 parts. For much of the gas distribution work that we've described, there really is not -- the individual projects did not rise to the level where we need to seek construction authority from the Wisconsin Commission. For example, we mentioned 83,000 individual gas lines. Those would be the lines that come off the street and hook directly to your home. Those projects are much smaller in nature and do not require a construction authority permitting from the Wisconsin commission. Certainly, the largest project that we have in front of us on the gas the distribution side that will require construction authority from the Wisconsin Commission is the one that we've mentioned and that's the Western Wisconsin Gas expansion. That is a very significant project, $150 million to $170 million in the initial phase. And so we've begun the process there of seeking approval. We filed our initial request in late March. Then we will have a -- Allen, a supplemental construction authority request in late summer.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, there's some additional environmental information that we have to file in August.
Operator: Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My question goes to what happened in the quarter vis-a-vis sales and what you're hearing from your customers for the balance of the year. Because clearly, you had a pullback in sales from industrial, but it was driven by natural resources. Obviously, we've had a big deflation in commodity prices because of what's going over in China and that had a big impact on your 1 particular customer. But in the manufacturing segment and other segments of the industrial mosaic and your service territory, can you give us some more color on what you're seeing there?
Gale E. Klappa: I'd be happy to, Greg. And let me back up. As you know, when we put our sales forecasts together for a new coming year, we interview our 120 largest industrial customers and get their direct feedback on their expectation in terms of demand for the following calendar year. When we did those interviews late last fall, I don't think there's any question that we were hearing a good bit of conservatism and a good bit of caution from our large industrial customer base. And if you recall, those interviews were being done at a time when the whole issue about sequester, the whole issue about federal debt ceiling and everything we went through at the end of the year was very much on people's minds. And our customers are proving -- I mean to have given us really good input. I mean, they were expecting a soft first quarter in terms of what they were seeing for orders and demand. And that has turned out to be the case. When you basically take out leap year and weather normalize, our industrial sales were about dead on to where we thought they would be in Q1. Now, we're projecting a little bit of uptick, not much, in the remaining quarters. So in essence, what we're seeing is an economy treading water. The only 2 sectors that showed any material growth at all -- we serve 17 different industrial sectors of the economy. The only 2 sectors that showed any growth at all were, believe it or not, printing and publishing and production of plastics. Everything else pretty much just right where it was. Not a lot of big upside, not a lot of downside. Just treading water. We're a bit cautiously optimistic over the course of the remainder of the year, but no, we were not deviating from the sales forecast. There's no indication yet that things are really turning around.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then second and last question. In terms of the buyback. Obviously, the average price at which you have already bought back stock is pretty good relative to -- where the stock is trading now, what can you tell us about how you think about the potential for completing a buyback relative to other opportunities and deployed capital with your stock trading at such a big P/E [ph] and price to book multiple?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, it's a good question, Greg, and we continue to look everyday at whether or not we want to be in the market buying stock. Over the long-term, I can tell you, it would not be the intention of the management here to build up a big cash reserve. I don't think that's what we're being paid for from our stockholders. But obviously, we're going to be opportunistic as we have been in the past on share buyback.
Operator: Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First question here, sort of on the structure of these asset sales, if you will. Could you guys talk to what is being currently contemplated in the state or on how they would -- what this would look like? Obviously, it doesn't seem to be more rate-based, but some sort of contract of sorts, and when this all would hash out? Obviously you mentioned end of summer now. What does that translate to in terms of actually putting down dollars and getting returns on those investments?
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. We'll handle kind of each question one at a time. In terms of the process itself, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the governor has put a provision in the state budget that would authorize the State Department of Administration to conduct a process, if you will, to sell a number of state-owned properties including power plants and steam-generating plants that the state owns. The budget itself needs to be passed because a state is on a fiscal year ending June. The budget itself, in all likelihood, will be passed end of June sometime early July. Assuming the provision holds in the state budget, then the state Department of Administration would set up a process. We're not certain how the State Department of Administration would actually design the process. But we are quite certain this would not become part of our traditional rate base. This would not be subject to Public Service Commission review and approval as it's currently constituted, anyway. And so it would not become part of the rate base although Allen and I would expect, given the fact that the process would unfold assuming the law passed in the second half of this year, then we really would be looking at 2014.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. I would assume that if the bill is passed of course and the DOA moves expeditiously to ask for proposals, you could easily see financial closing in the first half of 2014.
Gale E. Klappa: And then one other point. We would obviously, in any bid that we would make, we would obviously require a very transparent and firm power sales, or steam sales agreement. So these would not become -- while they would not be rate base per se, they would not become merchant units either.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Would it be fair to say that the return profile of this would be somewhat akin to a traditionally regulated asset? Is that a fair statement?
Gale E. Klappa: That would certainly be our current thinking, yes.
Operator: Andy Bischof with MorningStar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could just comment on the levels switching from gas back to coal in your generation portfolio? A couple of your peers have kind of posted dramatic shifts in generation mix given the recent rebound, and was just curious to what you're seeing.
Gale E. Klappa: We'll be to. Allen actually has some specifics statistics for you and I think the frame that we're basically seeing -- remember that song by Maxine Nightingale, "Gonna get right back where you started from?" Those are Allen's statistics in a nutshell. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Well with that as a lead in, let me talk about that in 2 different ways. One way to sort of think about it in terms of energy mix. So in other words, what percentage of our electricity is produced by coal as opposed to natural gas. If you look pre-2012, so if you look at sort of the average of 2008, '09, '10, '11, 3 or 4 years before 2012, we were at about 59% of our electricity was produced with coal. Last year we're about 45%. So in 2012, we're at 45%. However, this year we see that bouncing back to 57%. So at this point at least, 2012 looks to be a bit of an anomaly because, as Gale pointed out, with his vocal analogy, the 57% is pretty close to the 59% that we saw before 2012. That was driven not only by lower natural gas prices or low natural gas prices in 2012, but we did take a very long outage at our South Oak Creek power plant when we did the tie-ins of the AQCS equipment, so we had both of those things going on. In terms of fuel burn, we burned about 8 million -- just over 8 million tons of coal last year. I expect we'll be close to 11 million tons this year. So we see coal bouncing back. Natural gas last year, we're at 45.5 BCF. My current forecast is about 33. So, at this point at least, it doesn't look like a secular trend. But obviously if we saw low natural gas prices again, you could have somewhat of a replay of 2012.
Gale E. Klappa: And do have one other advantage, and that is, when you look at the efficiency and the heat rates of our new Power The Future units, I believe our new Port Washington natural gas fire combined cycle units have the best heat rate in the Midwest market in our new expansion units at Oak Creek and our older units at Oak Creek are in the top decile in the Midwest in terms of efficiency. So they will be dispatched depending upon the comparative costs of coal and natural gas. But we have very efficient units that are serving our customers well.
Operator: Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just to follow-up on that question. What natural gas price range would you kind of start to see some season meaningful switching back to gas?
Allen L. Leverett: Well if you -- in order to answer that question, you have to talk about what type of coal are you using? At Sub-bituminous coal, if your unit -- and remember our Pleasant Prairie Plant and our South Oak Creek, they are already 100% sub-bituminous coal. So to actually see them being out of the market as compared to natural gas, you'd have to see natural gas down and say maybe at the $2.75 to $2.50 range. So you'd have to see pretty low gas prices to actually see those units displaced. Now, the current -- the Oak Creek expansion units are currently on bituminous coal. So we really want to, as Gale mentioned in the script, we want to be able to burn blends of sub debt and bituminous coal. But with those units on bituminous coal, you can see those displaced in gas prices in the $3.50 to $3.75 range on bituminous coal. But if we can eventually get to high blends of sub-bituminous coal at those Oak Creek plants, I wouldn't see the displacement occurring until those much lower natural gas prices that I talked about, that $2.50 to $2.75.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And secondly, just a point of clarification, you expect O&M to be flat to up 2%, is that what you said?
Allen L. Leverett: For the year, that's our plan. Flat to plus 2%.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, how is April weather?
Gale E. Klappa: April weather, up until today, has been a bit chilly. But we're having 81 degrees and sunshine today. But we have had a chilly April.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Does your second quarter guidance bake that in and assume normal?
Gale E. Klappa: At the moment, because June also has a fair amount of air conditioning demand in our forecast, we've decided to simply stick with normal weather for our second quarter guidance.
Operator: Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just a few quick questions. First of all, I guess when we look at the Page 7 of the factors affecting earnings for the quarter, I wasn't really clear what the rate impact was. I mean it sounds like you guys had a rate increase beginning of the year. And just -- I don't see where that showed up.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. We'll let Pat or Steve give you the line time where it shows up we did have a rate increase. But we had a rate decrease for our natural gas distribution businesses. But a rate increase for our retail electric business. Steve?
Stephen P. Dickson: Yes, that's correct. And the rate increases were offset on electric side by costs. So that's how come it didn't fall through there. And on the gas side you said the decrease of the gas was offset by reduced O&M.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that again?
Stephen P. Dickson: As Gale said, our rate increases were offset by cost increases and the decreases on the gas side were offset by cost decreases in O&M.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So -- but I mean just -- when I look at this, it looks like weather was a big driver obviously and if we take weather and the impact of leap year out, I mean -- I know there was depreciation, and what have you, but just on that operating level, it just seemed that the quarter -- that there was obviously something dragging it. I was just wondering what that might be.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, when you look at -- when say dragging it, I mean there were a number of things that entered back in to our O&M expenses. For example, last year as Pat mentioned, while we had a base rate freeze, we also had a regulatory amortization holiday. So we began -- although in some cases with a bit longer amortizing lives, we began flowing amortization back through our income statements. We obviously had just a touch of other costs. Basically, we're exactly on plan. I mean we're projecting 0% to 2% increase in O&M. That's where we are. The higher revenues are somewhat offset by various factors and yes, the weather, the share repurchases and the uptick at WE Power were the positive items that carried the day.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. I mean, I was still taking that into account. I'll follow-up offline, just maybe just my own math here. And then, when it comes to the depreciation lines, you guys said you did some study that helps out by $3 million in the quarter.
Gale E. Klappa: No.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm sorry. What was that then?
Gale E. Klappa: Steve can explain that.
Stephen P. Dickson: The depreciation, that's fairly simple. The depreciation as Pat mentioned in the remarks, the big driver there is the depreciation this year on the air quality-control project. That was over $800 million project and the depreciation, that was pretty significant on that. But I want to go back your question because it was a good question on where is the pricing in the factors. And this factors sheet just had the high-level items. On the electric side of the business, we had rate increase. On the gas side of the business as we said, it's a decrease. So those 2 basically wash. It's not that big. We're filing our 10Q Thursday afternoon and we'll have much more detail in that. But the short answer is, the rate increase on the electric was offset by the decline on the gas. Does that make sense?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Sure. And we'll check out the 10-Q. But I did think that you guys were lengthening the life -- the depreciable life of some assets. Did I get that wrong?
Gale E. Klappa: No. What we have -- no, you probably mistook something that was said. There's no significant difference in the depreciable lives of our assets.
Stephen P. Dickson: In 2012, we did a study on the new WE Power asset and in 2012 we made that change. But that's consistent '12 and '13. So that was something that happened in 2012.
Gale E. Klappa: We did a final study on the asset lives -- the depreciable lives of our new Power The Future units in 2012, but that should be, as Steve said, that should be -- what you're seeing in '13 should be completely comparable.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And that would be with synced up with rates, I would assume, right?
Gale E. Klappa: No. Because, WE Power being...
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Got you. Okay, that makes sense. Okay, got you. And then in terms of the sales forecast and what have you, I don't want to always ask this question, but it does seem that -- it seems sort of weaker than expected. I mean, has there been any change in your outlook at all in terms of usage? I mean -- I know Greg know asked you a little bit about this on the industrial side, but I'm just wondering on the sort of the nonindustrial side? Any change in that at all?
Gale E. Klappa: No. And it's a good question and you're right to ask question. We sit back at look at the numbers and ask ourselves the same question. But if you kind of take a look at setting industrial side is you're asking us to do. Actually on a weather normal basis, we were better than we thought on residential. On a weather normal basis, we were a little bit worse than we thought on small commercial and industrial. But it's a 3-month period, and weather normalization is not that quite precise. So when we sit back and look at the mix of residential and small commercial and industrial, actually I think we're as well off, if not right on target to where we thought we would be after the first quarter.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you again for participating. If you have any other questions Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office. That number is (414)221-2592. However, if an Italian opera singer answers. Please hang up. Thanks everybody.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Chairman of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chairman of Wisconsin Gas LLC, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Gas LLC, President of Wisconsin Electric Power Company and President of Wisconsin Gas LLC James Patrick Keyes - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Allen L. Leverett - Executive Vice President, Executive Vice President - Wisconsin Electric Power Company, Chief Executive Officer of WE Generation Operations and President of WE Generation Operations Scott J. Lauber - Assistant Treasurer Stephen P. Dickson - Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Dan Jenkins
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's conference call to review 2012 year-end results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast. [Operator Instructions] Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, reference earnings-per-share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it's my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Elaine, thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we review the company's 2012 year-end results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive of We Generation; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber our Assistant Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $2.35 a share for 2012. This compares with earnings from continuing operations of $2.18 a share for 2011. And I'm pleased to report that by virtually every meaningful measure, 2012 was an exceptional year for Wisconsin Energy. From an operations standpoint, we achieved milestones in customer satisfaction, employee safety and network reliability. In fact, we attained our highest customer satisfaction ratings in the past decade, and likely, the best ever. We also achieved the best safety record in the history of the company, and we were named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for the eighth time in the past 11 years. I'm also pleased that we were able to dispatch only 1/3 of our employee and contract crews to the New York City area to help restore power in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy. We were honored to receive an Edison Electric Institute Emergency Assistance Award in recognition of our response. From a financial standpoint, we delivered solid earnings growth, generated strong cash flow and made significant progress toward a dividend payout that is more competitive with our peers. A number of factors contributed to our record financial performance in 2012. The weather, of course, had a major influence on our results. We began 2012 with the warmest winter in 122 years that was followed by an old-fashioned Midwest summer heatwave. In fact, 2012 was the warmest year on record in our region, breaking a mark that stood since 1931. In addition to the weather, the $1.3 billion we invested on state-of-the-art air-quality controls at our older Oak Creek units and in the new Glacier Hills Wind Park also contributed significantly to our 2012 earnings. Turning now to the economy, Wisconsin's unemployment rate at 6.6% as of December remains well below the national average. And although energy sales to our large commercial and industrial customers, excluding the iron ore mines, dropped by 0.7% in 2012, this was actually slightly better than our expectations. Our plan for the year projected a decline in sales in our large commercial and industrial group because 2 customers began using their own self-generation. Excluding these 2 customers and the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial sales actually rose by 1.1% for the year. We continued, during 2012, to see strength in several industry sectors including food products, chemical manufacturing, metal fabrication and plastics. An encouraging uptick in new customer connections also continued through the year. New electric service installations were up 8.7% compared to 2011, and connections of new natural gas customers increased by more than 13.2% over the prior year. Now as many of you may know, we have one major construction project well underway. That's our biomass fuel power plant in Rothschild, Wisconsin. At this point, construction is 65% complete. We're on schedule and on budget for commercial operation by the end of 2013. We expect the main boiler erection to be completed in the first quarter of this year. Steam turbine and generator have been anchored and grounded in place. Piping and electrical installation continues throughout the site. The switch areas have been energized and connected to the distribution network. The natural gas metering station is now complete and gas is available on the site. And construction of the truck dumpers and the fuel handling systems are well underway. As I've noted before, the biomass plant will help us diversify our portfolio of renewable assets. We'll be able to dispatch this unit and the efficient technology that will produce electricity for the grid and steam for the operating paper mill on the site will clearly enhance the economics of the project. Our investment in the biomass plant is expected to total between $245 million and $255 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Of course, the biomass project and the Glacier Hills Wind Park that we brought into service a year ago are key components that will help us meet Wisconsin's Renewable Portfolio Standard for the year 2015. To refresh your memory, the standard calls for an increase in the amount of electricity delivered from renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 20% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each Wisconsin utility using a historical baseline. Applying that baseline, approximately 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. We will be well positioned to meet that 2015 standard when we complete the biomass facility. Also, we recently signed agreements for some additional renewable energy credits. Those agreements should allow us to be in compliance with the standard through 2019. And because of favorable market conditions, we plan to purchase more renewable credits, further extending the timeframe that we expect to be in compliance. One final note on renewables, in early December, the Wisconsin Commission approved our purchase of the Mumford wind farm, the transaction we announced last August when we agreed with NextEra Energy Resources to purchase the 30-megawatt wind farm for $27 million. We previously had a power purchase agreement for 85% of the energy from this site, so the transaction did not change our renewable portfolio but it did increase our asset base. The remaining 15% of the output from this wind farm is under a power purchase agreement with another utility that runs through 2021. Turning now to other items of interest. In past quarters, we've discussed the impact on our operations of the coal and natural gas markets. Natural gas prices, of course, have remained at very low levels, influencing the dispatch order and locational marginal pricing in the Midwest power market. Over the years, the key to serving customers at a competitive price has been fuel diversity. And fuel diversity was a core principle of our Power the Future plan. You may remember that our plan called for the addition of 2,200 megawatts of new capacity, capacity that is almost equally balanced between coal and natural gas. So now, with our efficient new capacity in place and natural gas prices at low levels, our natural gas burn in 2012 nearly doubled from 23.9 billion cubic feet in 2011 to 46.5 billion cubic feet in 2012. In fact, our natural gas units at Port Washington operated at a 46% capacity factor for the year 2012. This compares with a 23% capacity factor in 2011. All 4 of the combustion turbines at Port Washington were fired for more than 5,200 hours in 2012, and that, of course, supported a record amount of generation from this site for the year. At times, our Port Washington units were essentially being dispatched as baseload units in MISO. Of course, as our natural gas burns have gone up, our coal burns have naturally come down. We burned approximately 8.3 million tons of coal in 2012 versus 10.7 million tons in 2011. We achieved this reduction by purchasing less coal, maximizing the use of coal storage and working with our coal suppliers to amend existing contracts. In another development, we're seeking a revised air permit that would allow us to blend western and eastern coals at our new Oak Creek expansion units. These units initially were permitted to burn eastern bituminous coal. However, moving to a blend with Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal could significantly, in our estimates, lower fuel cost for our customers. Overall, our diverse fleet and our long-term power purchase agreement for nuclear energy position us, we believe, very well as the power markets continue to evolve. Now, I'll briefly turn to the final results of our Wisconsin rate case. If you remember that in the spring of last year, we filed a request with the Wisconsin Commission for electric natural gas and steam rates for the years 2013 and 2014. Our request was driven primarily by the investment of approximately $1.6 billion in previously approved capital projects, such as the air quality control system at our older Oak Creek units, the addition of the Glacier Hills Wind Park and the construction of our biomass plant in Northern Wisconsin. The commission completed its assessment in late November and issued a final order on December 20 for rates that went into effect on January 1 of this year. Here are the final results. The commission granted an overall 4.8% increase in base electric rates for 2013 and a 1% increase for 2014. After applying a renewable energy tax grant, and we'll talk more a little bit later about that renewable energy tax grant, but after applying that grant, that we expect to receive after our biomass plant is complete, our customers will see a net bill increase of 2.6% in both 2013 and 2014. In the rate order, the commission also determined that 100% of the construction costs for our Oak Creek expansion units were prudently incurred, and the commission approved the recovery in rates of more than 99.5% of the final cost at Oak Creek. Finally, the commission approved recovery of a 1.6% increase in fuel costs that we expect to see during 2013. For our natural gas distribution business, the commission granted our request for a decrease in natural gas rates for 2013, averaging 1.9% for gas customers of Wisconsin Electric and 5.5% for gas customers of Wisconsin Gas. Those rates will then remain unchanged in 2014. For steam customers, the commission authorized a 6% increase in 2013 and '14 for the Milwaukee downtown utility, and increases of 7% in 2013 and 6% in 2014 for our Wauwatosa steam utility. The commission also maintained our approved capital structures and return on equity. Switching gears now, you'll recall that in 2011, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase plan that calls for us to buy back up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. The authorization runs through the end of 2013. During the fourth quarter of 2012, we repurchased approximately 1,028,000 shares at a cost of $37.8 million. Since the program began, we've repurchased approximately 4,650,000 shares at a cost of $151.8 million. That equates to an average purchase price for the program so far of $32.63 a share. And as we look at our dividend policy, earlier this month, our board affirmed our policy that targets a 60% payout ratio in 2014. The board also adopted a follow-on policy targeting a dividend payout ratio that trends to 65% to 70% of earnings in 2017. This policy marks an important step toward making our dividend payout more competitive with our peers across the utility industry. It should also support double-digit growth in the dividend in 2014, and 7% to 8% dividend growth in the years 2015 through 2017. And as we reported to you in mid-January, the board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.34 a share for the first quarter of this year, which equates to an annual dividend of $1.36 a share. This represents a 13.3% increase over the prior year and is consistent with the dividend policy I've just described. Finally, I'd like to discuss the investment opportunities we see going forward in our core business. Our capital budget, and these are new numbers, our capital budget calls for spending between $3.2 billion and $3.5 billion over the 5-year period ending 2017. In this new 5-year budget, the nature of our capital investments continue to shift away from high-profile projects, such as our Power the Future units, renewable generation and large air quality controls. Instead, our capital plan is comprised of many smaller projects that will upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure, the building blocks of our delivery business, pipes, poles, wires, transformers and substations. The primary risks, of course, associated with these projects, developmental, legal, regulatory, construction, are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the megaprojects we've completed over the past decade. Our focus on renewing our distribution network is essential to maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest. Over the past few quarters, we've also been updating you on our goal to identify a life extension option for the Presque Isle Power Plant in Marquette, Michigan, an option that would be economically beneficial for our customers. In late November, we signed a definitive agreement with Wolverine Power Cooperative that calls for Wolverine to acquire a minority interest in the plan by funding new state-of-the-art emission controls for the facility. The new controls are necessary to meet expected changes in air quality rules, while maintaining system reliability in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The joint venture, I should point out, will not reduce our rate base. We expect that it will reduce our operating costs. We plan to file for approvals from the Michigan and Wisconsin Commission in February, and hopefully, begin construction work in 2014. And as you'll also recall, we announced plans late last summer to convert the fuel source for our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. The Valley Plant is a co-generation facility located along the Menomonee River in Milwaukee that generates electricity for the grid and produces steam to heat hundreds of downtown Milwaukee buildings. Our analysis shows that converting the fuel source for this plant will reduce our operating cost and enhance the environmental performance of the Valley units. We plan to file an application with the Wisconsin Commission in the second quarter of this year for approval to modify the plant to use natural gas in the future. The electric capacity of the plant is expected to remain at 280 megawatts. If approved, we'll target completion of the project by late 2015 or early 2016. The current cost estimate, $60 million to $65 million. In addition, we're upgrading the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. The Wisconsin Commission approved this $26 million investment last June, and we expect to begin construction of the modern pipeline in the first quarter of this year. We believe the plan we put in place will secure Valley's role in meeting the energy needs of a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come. On another important topic, we're continuing to investigate the need for additional capacity for our natural gas distribution network in the Western part of Wisconsin. Now, for you cheesehead aficionados, we're evaluating routes to serve the communities between the town of Wilson in Eau Claire County and the City of Tomah in Monroe County. This region will need additional capacity to address reliability and to meet growing demand for natural gas. We plan to seek approval from the Wisconsin Commission on this project this spring. Our projected investment in the initial phase of the gas distribution project for West Central Wisconsin is approximately $150 million. So in summary, ladies and gentlemen, we enter 2013 in excellent condition, financially and operationally. The company is performing at a high level. All of our Power the Future investments are providing tangible benefits for our customers and stockholders, and we have much more to do to renew and upgrade our distribution network as we focus on delivering the future. Now, with more details on our full year performance for 2012, and importantly, our outlook for 2013, here's our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, for 2012, our earnings from continuing operations rose to $2.35 a share. This compared with $2.18 a share for 2011. Consistent with past practice, I will discuss operating income for our 2 business segments and then discuss other income, interest expense and income taxes. Our consolidated operating income for the full year 2012 was right at $1 billion and is compared to $887 million in 2011. That's an increase of $113 million. The largest increase was in our utility segment. But we also saw an increase in our nonutility segment, which consists primarily of our Power the Future units. As we look at our utility operating income in 2012 as compared to 2011, you will see that operating income totaled $648 million for 2012, an increase of $103 million from 2011. As we discussed in our quarterly calls, the biggest driver in utility operating income was the impact of a 2011 rate agreement with our Wisconsin regulators. As background, going into 2012, we knew we needed a return on $1.3 billion of new plant that was being place into service with the Glacier Hills Wind Park and the air quality control system at our older Oak Creek units. Our agreement with the Wisconsin Commission froze base electric rates for customers in 2012, and it allowed us to recover depreciation expense and earn a return on the $1.3 billion of investment by suspending $148 million of regulatory amortizations that were part of our O&M expense. Our 2012 utility operating income, therefore, was favorably impacted by this $148 million amortization holiday. In addition, we estimate that the hot 2012 weather boosted our electric margins by approximately $19 million. Other factors, including lower fuel expense and lower O&M expense in our gas distribution business, accounted for the other $9 million of improvement. Partially offsetting these items was higher depreciation expense of $39 million, which primarily related to the $1.3 billion of new investments we discussed earlier. We also saw $34 million of lower gas margins primarily because of unseasonally warm winter weather in the first quarter of 2012. Now, turning to the non-utility energy segment, we saw operating income increase by $10 million in 2012 as compared to the prior year. As we mentioned during previous calls, we finalized the depreciable lives of the Oak Creek expansion units in 2012, which had a slight positive impact on earnings. We also had a full-year of earnings at the second Oak Creek expansion unit in 2012, which contributed to the increase in operating income. Taking the changes for these 2 segments together, we arrived at the $113 million increase in operating income for 2012. Corporate expenses and other miscellaneous items were flat year-over-year growth. During 2012, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company pooled nearly $66 million, up almost $3 million from 2011. Other income decreased by $28 million primarily because of lower AFUDC. AFUDC allows us to accrue a return on approved utility projects during construction. In 2012, our AFUDC was down by almost $24 million because, as expected, we stopped accruing a return for the Oak Creek air quality control system and Glacier Hills when those facilities were placed into service. Net interest expense increased by $12 million primarily because of lower capitalized interest. We, of course, stopped capitalizing interest when the 2 large construction projects were placed into service. Consolidated income tax expense rose by approximately $43 million because of higher pretax earnings and a higher effective tax rate. The higher effective tax rate was driven primarily by lower equity AFUDC, which is a permanent difference for income tax purposes. Our effective tax rate for 2012 was 35.9% compared to 34% in 2011. We estimate that our effective tax rate in 2013 will be 37% to 38%. Combining all of these items brings you to $546 million of net income for continuing operations for the full year 2012 or earnings of $2.35 per share. During 2012, we generated $1.2 billion of cash from operations on an adjusted basis, which includes changes in restricted cash. This is up over $261 million over 2011. Our cash from operations was helped by $20 million of higher net income, $35 million of higher depreciation expense, $184 million of lower net working capital and lower contributions to our pension and other benefit trust. In 2012, we contributed $100 million to our pension and other benefit trust compared to $277 million in 2011. Partially offsetting all these items was $148 million reduction in noncash amortizations compared to 2011. This change was driven by the terms of the 1-year rate increase. Our capital expenditures totaled $707 million in 2012, $124 million decrease as compared to 2011. We saw lower capital expenditures as our large construction projects were completed. We also paid $276 million in common dividends in 2012, which was $34 million greater than 2011. Dividends for the year equated to an annual rate of $1.20 per share, which was a 15% increase over the prior year's annual dividend of $1.04 per share. And, as Gale mentioned, the board, just 2 weeks ago, declared an increase in the quarterly dividend equivalent to $1.36 per share on an annual basis or a 13.3% increase for 2013. As of the end of 2012, our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 53.2%. Our calculation treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentation. We expect 2013 ratios to be in line with 2012. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Turning now to our sales results. As shown in the earnings package on our website, retail sales of electricity decreased by 0.6% during 2012 as compared to the full year 2011. Our weather normalized sales were down by 1.5%. In our plan for 2012, we took into account an extended outage at our largest customer, and we knew that 2 other customers were moving to self-generation. Adjusting for these items, normalized retail sales declined by 0.2% for 2012 as compared to 2011. Looking at the individual customer segments, we saw actual residential sales increase by 0.5% in 2012. On a normalized basis, residential sales declined by 1%. However, we believe the extreme weather conditions in 2012, including the warmest winter on record, and a hot dry summer compared to 2011, did impact the accuracy of our normalized results. Across our small commercial and industrial group, actual yearly sales rose by 0.7%. On a weather normalized basis, full-year sales to this group were up 0.3%. We continue to see modest growth in our small commercial and industrial class. Large commercial and industrial segment sales for the full year 2012 were down 2.8%. However, if you exclude the iron ore mines and the 2 self-generation customers, sales increased by 1.1%. Overall in 2013, we are projecting a decrease in weather-normalized sales of 0.7%, but that number does not tell the whole story. If we exclude the forecasted sales to the mines, we're projecting a slight increase of 0.2% for the year. We expect residential sales to remain relatively flat, impacted by modest growth in housing starts, offset by conservation. In the small commercial and industrial segment, we are projecting a slight increase of 0.3%. In the large commercial and industrial group, we are projecting a decrease of 2.4%. When you exclude the mines, we're projecting a slight increase in the large commercial and industrial group of 0.2%. Turning now to other items of interest. In December of 2012, our electric subsidiary issued a $250 million, 30-year bond at a coupon of 3.65%. This is the lowest 30-year coupon in our debt portfolio and one of the lowest on record. On a separate topic, as you know, the recent budget agreement in Washington extended bonus depreciation through 2013. Taken in isolation, you would expect to see a nearly $100 million reduction in rate base in 2015, which will carry through to 2016 as a result of this extension. However, as our new 5-year capital spending plan evolved, we saw the need to invest approximately $100 million more than our earlier internal projections. We took this impact into account when we finalized our capital budget of $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the 5-year period of 2013 to 2017. Finally, I'd like to announce our earnings guidance. We expect our earnings for 2013 to be in the range of $2.38 a share to $2.48 a share. Our 2013 earnings projection assumes normal weather and reflects the new rates authorized by the Wisconsin Commission. Again, our guidance for 2013 is $2.38 a share to $2.48 a share. Now, before I talk specifically about our first quarter earnings guidance, I would like to touch on the accounting impact of the renewable tax grant associated with our new biomass plant. As Gale previously mentioned, our rates that went into effect January 1, 2013, reflect a bill credit for the expected benefit of the renewable grant. However, the accounting rules will not allow us to record the grant income until the plant is placed into service, which is expected in the fourth quarter this year. As a result, our revenues will be lower each quarter of 2013 until the plant is completed. When the plant is completed, we expect to record the grant income equal to the amount of the bill credits that were granted to date. We therefore expect this grant accounting treatment to reduce earnings in the first 3 quarters with a catch-up in the fourth quarter when the plant is scheduled to go online. Once the plan is commercial, you're allowed to match the grant income with the bill credits through December of 2014. With that as a backdrop, we expect our first quarter 2013 earnings to be in the range of $0.67 to $0.71 per share. The timing of this renewable grant is expected to reduce the first quarter earnings by approximately $0.03 per share. In addition, relative to 2012, our first quarter earnings are expected to be lower by approximately $0.04 per share due to lower AFUDC. With that, I will turn things to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with UBS.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A question for you, actually 2 questions. One is a minutia question and one's a big picture. First, on the minutia. Did you say you expect to complete the buyback program this year? And then the second is really the big picture one. And so in light of the board's second approved dividend policy in less than a year, I mean a major revision, the question is how do you think about the balance between earnings growth and dividend growth over the longer term? So I guess said differently, how do you view your value proposition and differentiate yourself prospectively?
Gale E. Klappa: Okay, very good questions, Jim. On the minutia question, the answer is no, I did not say we would complete the buyback program in 2013. I did say the board had authorized the program to run through 2013. But as you know, we're being opportunistic. There is no definite timeframe where the board has said we must finish the program for 2013. We will take a look each opportunity we have and go from there. And on the larger question, actually, I think there are 3 pieces to the answer. And the first piece, basically, I heard you asked how do we expect to differentiate ourselves as a quality investment going forward. And I really think it starts with the fact that we have today, we're in a fortunate position that we have greater financial flexibility today than certainly any time in the recent history of this company. And I think we have greater financial flexibility than virtually any other company in the industry. You'll see when we release our new investor deck tomorrow that we're projecting to have over $500 million of free cash flow in the period through 2017. We have, I think, so, number one, terrific financial flexibility. The second piece is even post Power the Future, we have significant growth. The growth is different, as I pointed out in the script, but we have significant growth that is needed in terms of the upgrade and the renewal of our distribution networks. So we're projecting 4% to 6% annual earnings-per-share growth, and given the financial flexibility we have, we think we have best-in-class dividend growth story. So when you put that altogether, I can see us delivering and believe we can deliver 8% to 10% total shareholder returns. And when your risk-adjust that for the type of projects that we have in front of us and the demonstrated ability of the management to deliver projects on time and on budget, I personally think that, that equates to a superior return story.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can I just follow up with one question or two?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the dividend policy, when the board talks about dividend policy and upping the payout ratio, how do you balance what that rate payout policy is supposed to be? So if we're entering an environment where utility growth is slower prospectively because in a 5% to 6% rate base growth environment, and underlying demand of 0% to 1%, it's going to be pretty tough to match that going forward. How do you think about modulating between dividends and the other considerations?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think essentially -- again, a very good question, Jim. Essentially, what we do, and I think many do this, we step back and say what is legitimate capital spending need this business has. And we've identified that, for example, going forward in our new 5-year plan at $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion, okay? So how do we finance the $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion? In our case, that can be done with internally generated cash and also keeping our debt to total capital where it needs to be. So then, once you've identified that, what does your dividend policy evolve to from that situation, because in our case, we don't believe we need to issue additional equity. So in essence, we piece the puzzle together, starting with what is our growth opportunity, what is the investment need in the business, how do we finance that and then what can we do to stay at the efficient frontier for a company like ours on dividend policy.
James D. von Riesemann - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then I have one last one and I'll let it -- turn it over. But on going back to my final minutia question, your earnings guidance for 2013, does that assume some level of buyback for the balance of the year?
Gale E. Klappa: It does assume some level of buyback for the balance of the year, that is correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So can you give us an update on where the debate in the Statehouse stands on the government potentially deciding to divest its state-owned power plants given their inability to find the funds to upgrade the emissions controls, and whether or not you might be in a position to help the government meet its emission controls and generation needs?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we're not from the government, but we are here to help you, Greg. The truth of the matter is I think we will know a great deal more by July. The legislature now in Wisconsin is just back into session and the governor will be presenting his new biannual budget to the legislature sometime in the next few weeks. So there are a couple of different opportunities if a bill to authorize the sale of state power plants and other state assets, if that -- a bill like that is to move forward, there are a number of opportunities certainly in the first half of this year. So I believe we'll have much a clearer view of whether a sale of the state-owned power plants is imminent by the time the budget passes in July.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: But the capital budget that you just laid out for us, since it's not at this point clear that there'll be an opportunity for you there, that would be accretive to that budget if that came about?
Gale E. Klappa: You are correct, that would be accretive to that budget.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: You mentioned sales growth in your '13 guidance, and I was just curious if you could just comment on O&M expense trends?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, I'd be happy to. Now, one of the things that you will see and that may confuse some folks, as you look at our O&M reports over the next 4 quarters, just remember, we had an amortization holiday under our previous rate order that, in essence, put up on our balance sheet or kept on our balance sheet a $148 million of regulatory assets that did not amortize through O&M in 2012. That stopped as of January 1 of this year. So you're going to see $148 million increase in essence in O&M over the course of 2013 compared to 2012, but that's because of the regulatory amortization holiday ending. Essentially, there will be a very modest other increase in normal O&M. There'll be some increase related to some of the capital projects that we have on the distribution side of the business, are 80% capital, 20% O&M under the rate formulas. So you may see some very modest increase in overall O&M, but day-to-day O&M other than that associated with supporting capital projects will be flat.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then also, I think in the previous calls, you mentioned some gas infrastructure growth in some of the regions where there's attractive sand for frac-ing.
Gale E. Klappa: That is correct.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Is that associated with the gas distribution investment of over $100 million you referenced earlier?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. The $150 million project that we said, roughly $150 million capital project for western Wisconsin that I mentioned earlier in the call is directly associated with a major project for that part of the state. And it's related to 2 things. One, yes, we're seeing substantial increase in frac sand mining, but we also have customer growth there as customers convert from propane. So our projections are showing a dwindling amount of reserve capacity in the western part of the state. So we think there's a very solid and important case to make to the Public Service Commission for construction authority for that project, and we'll be making that case this year.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, on the potential state divestitures, can you remind us? I know there are small -- there are several small units. I'm just curious if -- I'd like to kind of gauge what type of investment size this could potentially lead to.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we'd be happy to do that. First of all, there are -- and we're not certain if the state would put all of these plants up for bid or just some of them. All of that is yet to be determined. But if all of them were put up for sale, there are 37 of them, 3 or 4 are reasonable size. 3 or 4 are actually power plants that produce electricity for the grid and steam for a particular type of state customer. The remainder other than those 3 or 4, which are of reasonable size, the remainder are smaller steam plants that produce steam heat for specific state facilities. For example, the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee has a relatively new steam heat plant. It doesn't produce electricity for the grid but does produce district heat for a particular part of that campus. In terms of investment opportunity, we have a placeholder. We have not been allowed, no one has been because this hasn't been finally decided by the state. No one has been able to really do any due diligence on a particular project for these 37 different facilities. There's a state --as just a placeholder, we're thinking $200 million to $250 million.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just reasonable size, what is that, 25 to 50 megawatts per unit?
Gale E. Klappa: Some of them are even smaller.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: You guys went through, and I apologize for being slow on the projected sales growth, I think for 2013, with or without the mines and stuff, could you -- I apologize. Could you redo those for me?
Gale E. Klappa: We will be happy to ask Pat to redo those for you.
James Patrick Keyes: Sure, I'll be glad to. So we projected overall, a decrease in weather normalized sales of 0.7%. However, if you exclude the mines, it's really an increase of 0.2%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And this is retail, right?
James Patrick Keyes: Yes. And then if you flip quickly through the segments. Residential is basically flat. Small C&I, a slight increase of 0.3% and then large C&I, we projected a decrease of 2.4%. But if you exclude the mines, again, the large C&I is actually going to be an increase of 0.2%.
Gale E. Klappa: Other way to look at that is weather normalized, basically, we're expecting to hit the earnings targets we've given you with essentially no sales growth. 0.2%, weather-normalized, excluding the mines.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Does this take into account leap year?
Gale E. Klappa: Leap year, yes.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, it does. Oh, yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So leap year, obviously -- okay. So that basically is -- that's been normalized for that, correct?
Gale E. Klappa: It's been normalized for leap year. Were you in our forecast meeting?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: No, I'm afraid not. I hope you benefited from my absence. But I guess I wanted to get your thoughts. I mean 2/10 of -- this is not exactly blockbuster growth. Just your thoughts about going forward, just policies for energy efficiency, renewables, what have you. I mean just sort of trying to get a sense as to how -- is there -- what do you think longer-term here or things that are driving this and how, as you guys are obviously very forward thinking, what have you, how do you position yourselves in terms of dealing with what appears to be, let's face it, not exactly superb growth? I mean, is that just an abnormality for this year or how do you look going forward longer-term?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, very good question. And I think, as you know, this is a question that is really beginning to be asked all over the industry. The first thing I would say is lots of companies will give you earnings growth projections and then when you dig deeper and say, well, what's behind that in terms of sales growth, 1%, 2% or 3%, we have never based our earnings growth projections on what we think are anything but appropriately conservative and rational sales ACs, but input from our customers. So let me take it segment by segment because I think there's a different story to answer your question in each one of the 3 segments. First, the large industrial, strictly tied to the economy. We -- if you normalize our 2012 numbers, I think we were up 1.1% in industrial, nothing to write home about but -- I mean just intuitively to me, given what we're seeing in the economy in Wisconsin, that felt about right. Commercial, we are up weather-normalized. It seems to me like we're seeing modest but continuing, predictable growth in the commercial segment of our customer group. The real puzzling one is residential. And there, I have a theory and I could be wrong. But it does not make a lot of sense to me when I see our weather-normalized residential sales. And I was talking with Scott Lauber the other day and he was saying, we had to weather-normalize 4% of our sales, closer to 5% of our sales, just because of the abnormal weather in 2011 and 2012. That's a huge number of megawatt hours. And we were 4, 5 standard -- well, 3 or 4 standard deviations away from norm in terms of the weather over the last couple of years. So my view is that we really need another year to update on residential before we really understand what's happening in terms of residential customer demand. I just am not seeing, and I don't think any of us are seeing, a major change in lifestyle in terms of our residential customers. We are seeing a change in the appliances and tools that are available to our customers to live their lifestyles. They're getting more efficient support from appliances, from TVs and everything else. But I still think our residential growth is underlying stronger than the numbers are showing because at this kind of deviation from norm, the weather normalization techniques just are not that accurate. So we really -- we're cautious. We're not going to promise you sales growth that we can't deliver. And I think the key going forward, if we don't see a rebound in growth, particularly in residential, the key going forward is going to be cost discipline. We have to continue to drive cost and productivity in our business. I hope that helps, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: It does. But then, I guess it's too early for any rate design or any thoughts about sort of a different construct with regulators or what have you, or it's just too early to say? Is that how we should think about it?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, actually, I mean we have a construct with our regulators in Wisconsin that I think is quite beneficial to everyone, and that is the commission has asked each of the Wisconsin utilities to file a case every 2 years with a 2-year forward-looking test period. So to me, the 2-year forward-looking test period, taking into account reasonable assumptions of sales demand -- sales and demand growth really is among the best protection you can get anywhere.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I got you. So decoupling, it doesn't -- I mean, since you're coming in so frequently and since you have the forward-look, it sort of negates the potential need for decoupling or something like that?
Gale E. Klappa: That would certainly be my view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to make sure, first of all, capital spending. Do you see -- if I remember correctly, '13 was higher outlook than '14. Do you still see that or do you see capital spending more kind of like levelized if I just took $3.2 billion, $3.3 billion and divide it by the 5 years? That's the first question. The second is free cash flow. Can you repeat the comment you made about how much total free cash flow after dividends you expect over the next few years?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, first of all, and you will see this on our investor deck that we're going to release tomorrow, the new breakdown of the 5-year capital spend, I will give you 5 numbers. For 2013, we're estimating $656 million of capital; for 2014, $589 million; and for 2015, $741 million.
James Patrick Keyes: And that's at the utility, Michael.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, that's at the utility, exactly. That's coming off of by comparison $697 million of the utility for 2012. And we have that further broken down of the slide in the investor deck, the generation, electric delivery, gas delivery, renewables, et cetera. So you'll see a pretty granular breakdown tomorrow. But those are the essential numbers going forward. And then your other question about cash flow. What we're showing in our projections is a little better than $500 million of free cash for the 5-year period 2013 through 2017 after capital spending and after our dividend policy that we've announced is implemented.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And does that include or exclude the buyback program you've authorized?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, that would include.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So it's not incremental for the buyback? It is...
James Patrick Keyes: Michael, this is Pat. Let me clarify. The $500 million over the 5 years is before we start the buyback. So in other words, we would use the $500 million as cash to help fund the buyback.
Gale E. Klappa: Exactly, yes.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. It just strikes me as given some of the stuff you put out in the public domain regarding various tax-related items, that your free cash flow would actually even be a little bit above that level. Am I -- I may be overstating something, but it just -- the $500 million at first glance over the next 5 years strikes me as a little bit on the shy side. Not that, that's a problem. Most other companies don't have that problem.
James Patrick Keyes: Michael, we appreciate it. I guess the only thing I could say is you know how that cash was generated, certainly from operations, also from bonus depreciation. That bonus depreciation kind of falls off over time. If you're running like next year's model and you're saying, boy, you're sure generating a lot of that cash next year, that wouldn't surprise me if that's what your model said. Certainly, we expect more of the cash flow over the 5 years to be in the upfront years than in the back-end.
Gale E. Klappa: It's more front-end loaded.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And are there things, whether it's working capital, whether it's pension contributions or something else, that are significant cash outflows that may not show up -- that aren't necessarily net income D&A, CapEx, dividends, kind of the big 4?
Gale E. Klappa: No. In fact -- the short answer is no. But we've had very good control of our working capital over the course of the last several years. In addition to that, from a pension fund standpoint, we're almost 100% funded, which many companies cannot say. So we don't see anything else like that lurking that would show a deviation in the numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with MorningStar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could just provide a little clarity on the timing for decision regarding air permit application for the western, eastern coal blend in Oak Creek? And then clarify question, you said you were 100% funded for the pension funds?
Gale E. Klappa: 99-point-something.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, we're over 99, Andy.
Gale E. Klappa: And we'll ask Allen Leverett to comment on the timing for the air permit for the fuel blending at Oak Creek.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, we expect to have that resolved in the first quarter of the year. So I certainly see it as being in the first part of this year. But we'll have to work with not only the U.S. EPA, but we're also working with the Wisconsin DNR. So we have to work with both agencies, get their concurrence and then the DNR is the one that will actually issue the permit. So we hope to have all of that wrapped up in the first quarter so that we can begin the testing, say, in the second quarter of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just your O&M commentary, so we should take 12, add 148 for the holiday and then gross that up by 1% or 2%? Is that fair?
Gale E. Klappa: I would -- actually, I don't think I'd even add 1% to 2%. I'd keep it flat.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And can you just review the language around the grant and how that's impacting timing?
Gale E. Klappa: We sure can. I'll frame it and will let Pat fill in the detail. Essentially, in the Wisconsin Commission rate order, for rates that went into effect here in January of '13, we agreed -- in fact we proposed and the commission agreed that we would prefund, if you will, the grant. So customers are receiving, starting with their January bills, a portion of the federal tax grant that we expect to receive upon completion of the biomass plant. So in essence, because we're giving customer credits in advance of receiving the cash, our revenues are going to go down and they will have a slight impact each quarter for the first 3 quarters on earnings. And then we do a big catch-up according to the accounting rules in Q4. Pat?
James Patrick Keyes: Exactly, Gale. So I would look at it this way. If first quarter was a $0.03, you can expect to see something similar, same zip code, second quarter and third quarter, and then a $0.09 pickup in Q4 so it all comes clean.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Is there a cost of money issue?
Gale E. Klappa: Oh, a minor one, yes. But, I mean, it's factored into the rate case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins: I was wondering, you mentioned -- update us a little bit on the CapEx program and apparently, there'll be more details tomorrow.
Gale E. Klappa: Correct.
Dan Jenkins: Do you have -- could you give us an update for what you're planning for financing needs in 2013?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure. Pat and Scott have that right in front of them.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, glad to, Dan. We have got debt retiring, I believe it's in May at Wisconsin Electric of about $300 million. So you can expect us to be out for a bond over roughly that amount, roughly Q2, Q3. And then at Wisconsin Gas, we have got $45 million of debt retiring in Q4. I would expect we'll be doing a new issue of Q3, Q4 at Wisconsin Gas in the $100 million, $150 million neighborhood.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Then I was also wondering, I'm trying to get a better idea of what's going on in the large commercial, industrial. You had fairly large decline mostly related to the mines and those 2 self-generation customers in 2012.
Gale E. Klappa: Correct.
Dan Jenkins: But then you mentioned in the release that the mine return to normal operation in September, but yet you expect a big decline again in 2013, mostly related to the mine. So, I guess, is the mine just becoming a lot smaller and smaller operation or what's going on?
Gale E. Klappa: No, I don't think the mine is becoming a much smaller and smaller operation, but they are -- they're very good about informing us of their plan in terms of when they see demand and how they expect to run their mine operations throughout the course of the year. And clearly, what we did when we put together our industrial forecast for 2014 was take the input from the mines on when they might, in essence, have a slowdown in their operations in 2013. So what you're seeing is basically the mines having more variable operation than perhaps the past couple of years.
Dan Jenkins: Right. It sounds like -- so how much of the 2.8% decline in '12 was related to the mine? Do you know that?
Gale E. Klappa: Looking at Scott. I would say the lion's share of it -- now, we did have 2 customers, but they were smaller in 2012 go to self-generation. But the lion's share of it, Scott, would be the mines.
Scott J. Lauber: Right. If you exclude the mines, they're relatively flat.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, exactly. Just exclude the mines, relatively flat.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. So they're going to be even lower than they were though in '12 again? And so that's what I would...
Gale E. Klappa: No, no. I don't believe so.
Scott J. Lauber: Just a little bit lower in '12. They announced that they're going to idle the plant in the second and third quarter a little bit.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, they're bringing their operations down some of the second and third quarters.
Scott J. Lauber: Extended summer outage.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then you mentioned that you're nearly fully funded on the pension. Will you need to make any more contributions in 2013 or will that...
Gale E. Klappa: None planned in 2013.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then if you could just expand a little bit on the fairly sizable benefit of '12 over '11 and the working capital. Is a lot of that related to the deferral?
Gale E. Klappa: Actually, no. The deferral -- it would not relate to deferral. Steve Dickson has the details in front of him. Steve?
Stephen P. Dickson: Yes, and I assume you're referring to the earnings package, and I'm looking at Page 11 and we've separately broken out the regulatory amortization. So you can see the $148 million change year-to-year. In the working capital and other, it declined. It was a negative $230 million last year, this year, it's a negative $56 million. So actually, that's a favorable improvement of about $174 million. The biggest item in there relates to income taxes that we got back, and it relates to the bonus depreciation that we talked and we were able to generate a net operating loss carry back. So we went back to where we've paid taxes in prior years. So there's $128 million and then the difference was $20 million in inventory, working capital. Gas prices are lower so we benefited from that. Does that make sense?
Dan Jenkins: Yes, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And this may be one for Mr. Leverett. Just curious. You've given out for ATC, a 10-year capital spending projection. I think it was like $3.9 billion and above roughly. Can you just talk about the scope and scale, meaning is that very front-end loaded, is that very back-end loaded? I think if I remember correctly, ATC's CapEx had been around in the $250 million range or so for the last few years. Where is that heading in the next couple of years?
Allen L. Leverett: It's somewhat back-end loaded, Michael. And we sound like a broken record talking about this package that's coming out tomorrow, but in the package that comes out tomorrow, you'll see kind of a 3-year path for the capital spending at ATC. So in 2013, we expect the spending to be roughly $291 million and then $255 million in '14 and then it jumps. It's projected to jump to $362 million in 2015. So it's somewhat back-end loaded, and in fact, some of the really large projects that are in their forecast during the -- are out, say, in year 7, 8, 9 because those are projects that are associated with transmission fixes for the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. So those are pretty far out in the forecast. So in general, pretty back-end loaded, and the package tomorrow will show you the year-by-year detail, at least for the next 3 years at ATC.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, Allen. And just refresh, how does that compare to 2012 CapEx at ATC?
Allen L. Leverett: I want to say that the 2012 CapEx -- I thought it was around the $250 million number that you mentioned, actually, Michael, but let me get, Pat, maybe if you could check that number.
James Patrick Keyes: Well, it was $310 million. So a little over $300 million.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And your owner -- and am I right, your ownership percentage, mid-20 like 26%, 28%?
James Patrick Keyes: 26.2%.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the same ROE and authorized equity layer metrics, no changes there?
Allen L. Leverett: Nothing has changed in their tariff. So it's still 12 to ROE, roughly 50% equity deemed capital structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just on the mining customers, is that a material earnings impact? I mean, isn't a lot of their -- a lot of that demand charges or how does that work?
Gale E. Klappa: They are on an interruptible rate by and large because it's not a very significant movement in terms of just looking at, say, 2013 versus 2012. No significant difference in earnings impact.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Who are the big customers?
Gale E. Klappa: Who are the -- theirs or -- who are the mines?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Gale E. Klappa: They are owned by Cleveland-Cliffs.
Allen L. Leverett: So they're 2 major mines, Paul. There's the Empire Mine and the Tilden Mine. And the one that's been doing the extended shutdowns, I believe, is the Empire Mine.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Empire and what was the other one?
Allen L. Leverett: Tilden.
Gale E. Klappa: Tilden. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office and her direct line, (414) 221-2592. Thanks again. Have a good afternoon, everybody.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa - Chairman, President and CEO J. Patrick Keyes - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Allen L. Leverett - President and Chief Executive of WE Generation Susan H. Martin - EVP, General Counsel Stephen P. Dickson - VP and Controller Scott J. Lauber - Assistant Treasurer Colleen F. Henderson - Investor Relations
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Jim Von Riesemann - UBS Securities Kit Konolige - BGC Financial Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division. Vedula Murti - CDP Capital
Colleen F. Henderson: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s Conference Call to review 2012 Third Quarter Results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on Management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the Company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it’s my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale E. Klappa: Colleen, thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review the Company’s 2012 third quarter results. And for all of you dialing in from the East coast, we hope that you and your family are safe and coping well with the aftermath of hurricane Sandy. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive of WE Generation; Pat Keyes, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Scott Lauber, our Assistant Treasurer. Pat will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.67 a share for the third quarter of 2012. This compares with earnings from continuing operations of $0.55 a share for the third quarter of 2011. The weather of course has been a major story throughout this year. We began 2012 with a warmest winter in the 122 years. That was followed by an old fashion heat way of the summer. The hottest day in Milwaukee this year was on July 5, when the temperature reached 103 degrees. I’m pleased to report to you that our generating fleet performed very well. We were able to meet the strong customer demand for energy, thanks to the $3 billion we’ve invested over the past decade in new efficient generating units through our Power the Future plan. Turning now to the economy, Wisconsin’s unemployment rate at 7.3% as of September remains well below the national average. However, energy sales to our large commercial and industrial customers excluding the iron ore mines drop by 1.8% in the third quarter of this year. This was slightly better though, than our expectations. Our plan for the year as you may remember projected a reduction in sales to our large commercial and industrial group in part because two customers began using their own soft generation. Excluding these two customers and the iron ore mines, large commercial and industrial sales actually rose by six-tenths of 1%. Sectors showing particular strength in the quarter included food products, chemical manufacturing and metal fabrication. We’re also seeing an uptick now in new customer connections. New electric service installations are up 9.8% compared to the first nine months of last year. And connections of new natural gas customers, given today’s price of natural gas, are up by more than 14% compared with the same period a year-ago. On the construction front, we have one major project underway. The 50 megawatt biomass plant in Northern Wisconsin and one significant project that was recently completed, the air quality control upgrade at our original Oak Creek units. In fact on September 4, we closed out this $900 million air quality project, the second largest construction project in our history on time and better than budget. The wet scrubbers and the selective catalytic reduction equipment are operational now and delivering the emission reductions that we had expected. We’re completing punch list items and final tuning and testing, as well as demolition of the old chimneys at the site. Demolition of the chimneys and a few remaining project items are expected to be completed in the third quarter of next year. We are also making excellent progress on our biomass fuel generating plant at the site of the Domtar Paper Mill in Rothschild. Construction is approximately 50% complete now. We are on schedule and on budget to meet a completion date by the end of 2013. The main boiler erection will continue into the first quarter of next year at the site, a steam turbine and generator have been delivered and placed on their foundations, piping and electrical work have begun in several areas of the complex including the main boiler, turbine, water treatment, cooling water, pump house and auxiliary boilers. The transformers, switches, and bus-bar have also been set in the switch yard and construction of the piping for the mills steam supply is now underway. As I’ve noted before, the biomass plant will help us diversify our portfolio of renewable energy. We will be able to dispatch the unit and the efficient technology that will produce electricity for the grid and steam for the operating paper mill will clearly enhance the economics of the project. Our investment in the biomass plant is expected to total between $245 million and $255 million excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Of course the biomass project and the Glacier Hills Wind Park that we completed last year are key components that will help us meet Wisconsin’s renewable portfolio standard for the year 2015. To refresh your memory, that standard calls for an increase in the amount of electricity delivered from renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each Wisconsin utility using an historical baseline. Applying that baseline, approximately 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. When we complete the biomass project we will be well positioned to meet that 2015 standard. Also we recently signed agreements for renewable energy credits, which should allow us to be in compliance through the year 2019 and because of favorable market conditions we plan to purchase more renewable credits further extending the timeframe that we expect to be in compliance. Turning now to other items of interest. In past quarters, we discussed with you the impact we were seeing from conditions in the coal and natural gas markets. Natural gas prices have continued to be at relatively low levels influencing the dispatch order and locational marginal pricing in the Midwest power market. Over the years, of course, the key to serving customers at a competitive price has been fuel diversity and fuel diversity was a core principle of our Power the Future plan. You may remember that our plan called for the addition of 2200 megawatts of new capacity. Capacity that is almost equally balanced between natural gas and coal. And now with our efficient new capacity in place and natural gas prices at low levels, our natural gas burn is expected to nearly double from 28.5 billion cubic feet last year to 50 billion cubic feet this year. In fact our natural gas units at Port Washington operated at a 56% capacity factor in the first three quarters of this year. This compares with a 23% capacity factor during the same period of 2011. Our Port Washington units are essentially now being dispatched as base load units. And of course as our natural gas burns have gone up, our coal burns have naturally come down. We are projecting to burn approximately 8.1 million tons of coal this year versus 10.7 million tons in 2011. We will achieve this reduction by maximizing the use of coal storage facilities and by working with our coal suppliers to amend existing contracts. Another important development; we are waiting approval of our filing for a revised air permit that would allow us to blend Western and Eastern coals at our new Oak Creek expansion units. The new units are currently permitted to burn Eastern bituminous coal. However, moving to a blend with Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal could substantially lower fuel cost for our customers. We expect to receive approval of our request for a revised air permit by year-end. Our plan then calls for us to begin testing the blended coal at our Oak Creek expansion units during the year 2013. Overall, our diverse fleet and our long-term power purchase agreement for nuclear energy position us well as the power markets continue to evolve. Now I will briefly review where we stand on the regulatory front in Wisconsin, where we’re in the final stages of our only active rate case. As you may recall, base rates for our electric customers in Wisconsin are frozen for 2012. We proposed and the Wisconsin Commission accepted a creative approach to delay a base rate increase as the economy here continues to recover. Looking forward to 2013 and 2014, we filed a rate request with the Wisconsin Commission seeking an increase for our electric and steam customers and a decrease for our natural gas customers for 2013. On the electric side of our business, the base rate adjustments were seeking in the next two years are driven by approximately $1.6 billion of capital investment. These are investments in strengthening reliability, in meeting environmental requirements and complying with Wisconsin’s renewable energy mandate and their investments that the Commission previously approved. The projects previously approved by the Commission include the air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units, the Glacier Hills Wind Park, the biomass facility and the expansion units at Oak Creek. Our proposal includes using a federal energy grant that we expect to receive for our biomass facility. After applying this cash grant the result would be a net customer bill increase of 3.6% in 2013 and 2014. Fuel cost estimates for 2013 will continue to be refined based on updated information of course. A final fuel cost recovery rate will also be part of the Commission’s order that we expect to receive in December. On the natural gas front, we proposed as I mentioned a decrease in base rates for 2013. We're seeking a 2.3% decrease for Wisconsin Gas customers and a two-tenths of 1% decrease for Wisconsin Electric gas customers. Then for 2014 we’re proposing the base rates for all of our natural gas customers remain flat. For our steam utility, we filed for an increase in 2013 of approximately 6% for our downtown Milwaukee steam customers and 7% for our Milwaukee County steam customers. In 2014, our proposal calls for a 6% increase for downtown customers and for Milwaukee County customers as well. You may remember that the Wisconsin commission does not intend to pursue capital structure or return on equity as issues in this proceeding. We expect to receive the orders by the end of 2012. We’ve asked that new electric and steam rates go into effect at the start of 2013 and 2014 and that new gas rates be effective at the start of 2013 as well. Switching gears now, you will recall that our Board has approved a share repurchase plan scheduled to run through the end of 2013 that authorizes us to buy back $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. During the third quarter of this year we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares at a cost of $14 million. As of September 30, this brings the total number of shares repurchased under the plan to approximately 3.6 million at a cost of $114 million. That equates to an average purchase price of just $31.45 a share. And as we previously announced, our Board has adopted a dividend policy that targets a 60% payout ratio in 2014. This policy should support double-digit growth in the dividend in both 2013 and 2014 as we move toward a payout ratio that is more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. Finally, I'd like to briefly touch on the investment opportunities that we see in our core business. As we’ve mentioned our capital budget calls for spending up to $3.5 billion over the five-year period 2012 through 2016. And with this five-year budget the nature of our capital investments is shifting away from high-profile projects such as our Power the Future units, renewable generation and large air quality controls. Instead our capital plan is comprised of many smaller projects that will upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure. The building blocks, if you will of our delivery business, pipes, poles, wires, transformers and substations. The primary risks associated with these projects, developmental, legal, regulatory, construction are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the major mega projects we’ve just completed. Our focus on renewing our distribution facilities is essential to maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest. Also, as you may recall, the future of the Presque Isle Power Plant in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is under review because of expected changes in National Ambient Air Quality Standards. So, we’ve been working to identify a life extension option for the Presque Isle plant that is economically beneficial for our customers. We are close now to signing a joint venture agreement with Wolverine Power Cooperative for environmental upgrades at the Presque Isle units and potential joint ownership of the plant. Under this proposed agreement, Wolverine would pay for the environmental upgrades and receive an ownership interest in the facility. Preliminary work has continued on this project, we’ve completed the second phase of engineering and a detailed scope of work has been developed. If the joint venture moves forward, we would not expect our rate base to be reduced. The transaction would of course be subject to customary regulatory approvals. In August, we also announced our plans to convert the fuel source for the Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. The Valley plant is a cogeneration facility, located along the Menomonee River in Milwaukee that generates electricity for the grid and produces steam to heat hundreds of downtown Milwaukee buildings. Our analysis shows that converting the fuel source for the plant will actually reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the Valley units. We plan to file an application with the Wisconsin Commission in the second quarter of 2013 for approval to modify the plant to use only natural gas in the future. The electric capacity of the plant is expected to remain at 280 megawatts. If approved, we will target completion of the conversion for late 2015 or early 2016. The current cost estimate is between $60 million and $65 million. And as you may remember, in addition we will upgrade the existing natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. The Wisconsin Commission approved this $26 million investment back in June. We already believe that the plan we put in place will secure Valley’s role in meeting the energy needs of a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many, many years to come. Finally there is one more development that I’d like to cover with you today. Our latest analysis shows that additional capacity is needed for our natural gas distribution network in the Western part of Wisconsin. We are beginning to evaluate routes to serve the communities between Eau Claire County in the far Western part of the state and the City of Tomah in Monroe County in West Central Wisconsin. This region will need additional capacity for three reasons; to address reliability, to meet growth and demand from customers who are converting from propane, and also from the extensive growth we are seeing in sand mining in that part of the state. The fine sand that’s used in hydraulic fracking is found in abundance in Western Wisconsin and mining and processing operations are thriving now in this region. We plan to seek approval from the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin in 2013 to proceed with the necessary system enhancements. Our expected investment in this initial phase of this gas distribution project is approximately $150 million. And now with more details on our third quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2012 is our Chief Financial Officer, Pat Keyes. Pat?
J. Patrick Keyes: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier our 2012 third quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.67 a share, as compared to $0.55 a share in 2011. The results were better than last year because of lower operation and maintenance costs, favorable fuel recoveries and the positive impact of the Company share repurchase program. Taking a closer look at the numbers, I will focus on the earnings drivers at the operating income level by business segment and then touch on the other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the first nine months of the year. Our consolidated operating income in the third quarter of 2012 was $281 million as compared to $224 million in last year’s third quarter, an increase of $57 million. Starting with the utility energy segment you will see that the operating income totaled $191 million, an increase of $55 million versus 2011. As Gale mentioned earlier, we experienced record heat in the third quarter of 2012. Well, we also experienced a hot third quarter in 2011. So the weather was positive compared to normal, but was not the major factor in our relatively strong third quarter performance. I will elaborate further on the impact of weather in my sales remarks. When looking at our utility operating income in the third quarter of 2012 as compared to the third quarter of 2011, we see positive variances because of lower O&M, and more favorable fuel recoveries. Our non-fuel O&M was $53 million lower this quarter primarily because of the one-year rate amortization holiday that began in January. Our fuel recoveries improved by $19 million because of lower natural gas prices. Partially offsetting these items was increased utility depreciation expense of $11 million driven by the new Glacier Hills Wind Park which went into service in December of last year and the new air quality control project at our older Oak Creek units, the last train of which went into service in early September. Combined these two projects represent almost $1.3 billion of new investment. The rate agreement in place for 2012 contemplated these investments. As you will recall, we agreed to freeze base electric rates and in return the Wisconsin Commission approved a one-year holiday on the amortization of certain regulatory assets. The reduction in O&M expenses as a result of the amortization holiday allows us to offset higher depreciation cost in new assets and earn a return on the $1.3 billion of new investment. Operating income in the Non-Utility Energy Segment, which consists primarily of our Power the Future units, was up by $2 million. As we mentioned during previous calls, we finalized the depreciable lives of the new Oak Creek units in 2012, which had a slight positive impact on earnings. Taking the changes for these two segments together, you arrive at the $57 million increase in operating income for the third quarter of 2012. Corporate charges and other miscellaneous items were flat year-over-year. During the third quarter of 2012, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company increased just slightly over 2011. Our other income was reduced by $7 million because of lower AFUDC. In the third quarter last year, we were earning AFUDC on the Glacier Hills Wind Park and the Air Quality Control project at our Oak Creek site. We have stopped accruing AFUDC, now that these assets have been placed in service. Net interest expense increased by $4 million, primarily because of lower capitalized interest associated with less construction work. Consolidated income tax expense rose by approximately $21 million because of higher pre-tax earnings and higher effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2012 is expected to be between 35.5% and 36.5%. Combining all of these items, brings you to $156 million of net income from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2012 or earnings of $0.67 per share. During the first nine months of 2012, our adjusted operating cash flow totaled $1 billion, which is a $238 million increase over the same period in 2011. Our adjusted operating cash flow includes the impact of changes in restricted cash. The largest favorable factor relates to our benefits plants. In September of this year, we contributed $100 million to our plants compared to $257 million last year. Our total capital expenditures decreased by $135 million in the first nine months of 2012 as compared to the corresponding period in 2011. We saw lower capital expenditures as large capital projects were completed. We also paid $207 million in common dividends in the first nine months of 2012, which was $25 million greater than the same period last year. Dividends in the first nine months equate to an annual rate of $1.20 per share, which is a 15% increase over the prior-year’s annual dividend of $1.04 per share. As of September 30, 2012, our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 52.1%. Our calculation treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentation. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options, and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As shown in the earnings packet on our website, retail sales of electricity decreased by seven-tenths of 1% during the first nine months of 2012 as compared to the same period in 2011. Our weather normalized sales were down by 1.7%. In our plan for the year we took into account an extended outage at our largest customer, and we knew that two other customers were move to self generation. Adjusting for these three customers normalized retail sales were flat during the first nine months of 2012 as compared to 2011. Looking now at individual customer segments. We see actual residential sales slightly down in the quarter compared to 2011. Although the quarter overall was warmer than 2011, the weather pattern was different in 2012. This year’s third quarter started out with a week of intense heat followed by a cooler period. And then the end of the quarter was slightly warmer than 2011. Conversely, high humidity and warmer than normal temperatures persisted throughout the third quarter in 2011. On a year-to-date basis, residential sales are up six-tenths of 1% and on a normalized basis residential sales are down seven-tenths of 1%. Across our small commercial and industrial group we saw actual quarterly sales up seven-tenths of 1% and year-to-date sales up 1.1%.On a weather normalized basis, year-to-date sales to small commercial and industrial customers are up six-tenths of 1%. We continue to see modest growth in our small C&I class. In the large commercial industrial segment, quarterly sales were down by 8.3%. However if you exclude the iron ore mines and the two self generation customers, sales were up six-tenths of 1%. Year-to-date sales are down 3.3% and excluding those same customers sales are up by 1.7%. On a normalized basis, year-to-date sales excluding these customers are flat. Turning now to our earnings guidance. We are increasing our guidance for the year. We now expect our earnings for 2012 to be in the range of $2.31 a share to $2.33 a share. Assuming normal weather our guidance for the fourth quarter is in a range of $0.39 to $0.41 a share. We will be carrying out a number of maintenance projects in the fourth quarter. In addition, the AFUDC will be lower and depreciation expense will be higher both compared to last year’s fourth quarter because of the $1.3 billion of assets we placed in service. However, we still expect to earn our full allowed return on equity at Wisconsin Electric. And with that, I will turn things back to Gale. Gale E. Klappa Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Gale E. Klappa: Hi, Greg. 
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Thanks, guys.
Gale E. Klappa: Greg, your bunker would (indiscernible) these days?
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: I’d rather sleep in a puddle, but there is no power south of 48th street, but I was able to find a bunk at some place with power until they can get that transformer back on 13th street. They – apparently they had a 14 foot storm surge when the highest storm surge they had seen was 12.5 feet in 1888, so bad luck for ConEd, but hopefully they will get power back on soon. Anyways …
Gale E. Klappa: (Indiscernible) hanging in there, Greg.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: My first question is on the coal blending, I visited the site of the construction site several times while you were building the new units, and I know that you’ve a sort of a state-of-the-art coal blending facility there. What was the initial expected use of the coal blending facility, if not to blend coals they way you’re now asking to blend them or was it initially meant mainly to blend sort of (indiscernible) and other Eastern coals, and now you are asking to blend Eastern and Western. Can you explain that?
Gale E. Klappa: We will let Allen Leverett to answer that for you, Greg.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah and I’m not sure, Greg, what time period you were at the site. We don’t actually have a blending facility. What you might be remembering is inside that very large cold storage building there is – what’s called a stacker reclaimer, but we don’t actually have the capability right now to be able to blend at the site …
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Okay. That was what I was thinking of. So, [thank you].
Allen L. Leverett: … either on the belt or inside the boiler itself. So what we are looking to do is really explore next year, two approaches to doing fuel blending. So one, the so-called on the belt where you actually have a blending facility like you are probably thinking of at other sites and then another approach where you would actually blend what they call in the furnace. So we are going to look at those two approaches and then figure out what’s really the best long-term approach to really getting some fuel flexibility at the site.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: How much Powder River Basin coal would you be buying if you were given approval to do what you’re asking for?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, I guess, I would think of it in terms of potential blend percentages. And our long-term goal Greg is to be able to burn either 100% bituminous or 100% PRB. So we want to be able to burn all blends in between, but I think realistically probably the highest we’re going to get on PRB for a while would be 80% PRB. But we will have to do a lot of testing in order to figure out what’s the best approach and what are the hurdles that we will have to overcome to get to that 80% level. So I think for the next few years, I think that's probably from a practical standpoint the cap on what we could burn in terms of PRB, but longer-term we would like the flexibility to go to 100%.
Gale E. Klappa: And Greg this is Gale. Just one other point that might be helpful, we did invest early on and you maybe remembering this as well, early on in the design of these new units we did invest about $24 million to make sure that with an additional investment that Allen’s talking about, we could actually have the unit do operate on a blend of coals. So the initial design and the initial work there built in the capability we need, so that if we made an additional investment in blending it could actually pay off.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Great. Next question is on capital spending, when we look at the capital spending program in your last analyst update, should we be adding the programs you talked about in terms of the – I think it was to the gas pipeline expansions and the powering of the generation unit? Are those additional capital spending on top of what you’ve already budgeted or those fall inside – that you’ve already sort of budgeted for?
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, Greg and those in terms of that 2012 through 2016 $3.5 billion program these fall inside.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: They fall inside, great. Final question, you had talked about the possibility that the Government of Wisconsin might consider selling some of its power generation units that it just simply doesn’t have the money to maintain or retrofit with environmental upgrades. Is there been any progress on that front and do you think that that will be an event that you will be able to consider making an investment in 2013?
Gale E. Klappa: Again, good question, Greg. If this occurs, meaning if legislation – this takes a piece of legislation to enable the current administration to sell those units. There are 37, some of them very small, but 37 generating units some of them provide steam only across the State of Wisconsin. I certainly – from everything we can tell the governor would still like to put the operation of those plants and the environmental upgrades that will cost several hundred million dollars into the private sector. And if that occurs, it would occur I think in 2013 with a piece of legislation. So that will be a 2013 event if it does occur. But certainly the logic of why that would be a good thing for the state is firmly in place.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Thanks, guys.
Gale E. Klappa: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Von Riesemann with UBS.
Gale E. Klappa: Hi, Jim.
Jim Von Riesemann - UBS Securities: Hi, Gale. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa: We are good. Are you hanging out, okay?
Jim Von Riesemann - UBS Securities: We are doing fine. Thanks for asking though. Hang out, I’m in car driving where I’ve actual power to talk to you. So I’m safe. The question is really a broad picture. With Dominion’s announced shutdown of the Kewaunee facility, can you talk broadly about energy policy in the state of Wisconsin, what it means from both generation needs and maybe transmission needs, especially in light of the fracking sands too?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure. We would be happy too. I think that there is one important conclusion that comes out of the – it comes out naturally out of the decision by Dominion to close the Kewaunee reactor and that is – there is no doubt in my mind, it makes more valuable to our customers, the Port Washington natural gas units and the Oak Creek coal units that we've completed as part of Power the Future. And if you think about it, it’s taking over 500 megawatts of base load capacity out of the picture in the State of Wisconsin. So, regardless of growth or regardless of anything else that happens because we have these brand new very efficient units in place, it is bound to make those units more valuable for our customers. I think that's piece one. Piece two, you asked about transmission. And I do know that American Transmission Company is taking another hard look at one particular transmission line that it had proposed. It actually had proposed the transmission line to help move energy out of the Point Beach plant that's been operated. If you remember NextEra I think added about 17% to the capacity of the Point Beach units. And American Transmission Company had proposed to help alleviate some transmission constraints in that area by building a new transmission line. They’ve now withdrawn that proposal. They still think something will be needed. But remember Kewaunee and the Point Beach units are very near to each other. So taking Kewaunee out of service probably alleviates some of the transmission constraints. So there maybe some less, modestly less investment in one particular transmission line by ATC as a result of this. However, we really don’t see any major impact on our ATC earnings growth in the near-term as a result of this. I mean we think the prospects for ATC earnings growth certainly over the next three to five years remain as we have them in our plan. Does that help, Jim?
Jim Von Riesemann - UBS Securities: That does. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa: You’re more than welcome. Hang in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC Financial.
Gale E. Klappa: Hi, Kit.
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: Good afternoon, guys.
Gale E. Klappa: Are you in Jersey or where are you Kit?
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: I’m in Midtown. So the lights are on, but the steam is not. So no hot water. Oh well, there are worse problems.
Gale E. Klappa: If you come to Downtown Milwaukee, we'll get you a shower.
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: Yeah, that sounded very attractive, we have this big crane hanging over here. You may have …
Gale E. Klappa: Oh my goodness, yeah.
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: … seen the pictures, right?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes.
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: That’s an engineering project, you should send some guys to work on.
Gale E. Klappa: But we got a bunch of crews out there helping up, but not on the crane.
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: There you go. Follow-up on your discussion on the buyback, so this is the first in a while I believe can you discuss with us what let’s say trip wire there was that led to the decision to go ahead and buyback and what we should look for then on the remaining amount of authorization over the next five quarters, now?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, be happy to and really the trip wire was very simple and it consisted of two factors that Pat and I took into account. And the first was that we continue to do very well on cash generation this year. And as you know we don’t think building up and just holding cash on our balance sheet makes a whole lot of sense. So we were continuing to do well against our plan on cash generation for a number of reasons. And then secondly, as you know the market choked a little bit over the last few months particularly after utilities hit a high in early August and we thought as the stock price retreated some we thought it was a good opportunity to spend a very modest amount of money it was only $14 million. And so those were the factors that led to our decision to go ahead and repurchase $14 million. As I mentioned we are now at about $114 million total of our share repurchases since the start of 2011. And we’ve been able to do that at $31.45 a share for the average repurchase price, which we think is very, very good price. I don’t think you can read anything into what that might mean for the next few quarters. We can be very patient here, but again I think fundamentally a build-up of cash on the balance sheet it’s better even where the stock is trading to buyback stock than to build up a lot of cash on the balance sheet. But we also are balancing all of that against investment opportunities as we see them. So our preference obviously would be to invest the capital and our cash flow in additional utility like projects that do not change our risk profile. One of which of course, would be the one we just talked about if it came to pass, which would be the state-owned power plants.
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: Very good. And speaking of the investment opportunities then, can you give us a few more details on the gas pipeline expansion opportunity, even looking a little longer term out in Western Wisconsin?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we mentioned in the prepared remarks that the first phase of this project we thought, if approved would be approximately $150 million. There is as we look at potential demand and as we look at reliability issues in the western part of the state, there could be beyond this first phase a second phase that might be $50 million, $60 million of additional capital as well, but that would be a little further out into the five year period. Let me just say this about the western gas expansion project that we’re going to prepare an application for to the commission. The western part of Wisconsin is quite rural, and our distribution network out there in the western part of the state has not been incredibly robust. But we’re seeing other things going on in addition to the explosion of frac sand mining there. It means the frac sand is not the only reason why we think this is an investment we need to make for reliability. We have two hubs out in the western part of the state where our reserve margins even with very modest growth will go below acceptable levels over the next couple of years. So, just looking at system reliability on our gas distribution network we believe we need to make this investment and then we’re also seeing and you can see it in the numbers I mentioned earlier. We’re also seeing a pretty significant uptick in customers moving to natural gas particularly from propane in rural areas. I think I mentioned to you, our new customer connections over our entire system for the first nine months of this year on the natural gas side are up 14% compared to a year ago. So we’re seeing customer growth, we’re seeing just general demand requiring us to make some enhancements and then we’re seeing a very, very strong expansion of frac sand mining in the western part of the state. I believe for example just talking with our folks yesterday that we’re in conversations with 12 or more frac sand mining operations in the western part of the state who asked us to take a hard look at providing them service.
Kit Konolige - BGC Financial: All right, good. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa: Terrific. Thanks, Kit. I appreciate it. Hang in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale E. Klappa: Hi, Michael.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Hey guys. Congrats on a good quarter. Kind of an O&M related question. Just want to make sure I’m following the numbers correctly here. Year-to-date, how much was the drop off tied to the regulatory amortization and then what explains the rest of the year-over-year decline in O&M?
Gale E. Klappa: Okay, well essentially on the rate order that we have in place freezing base rates, it has as part of that order $37 million per quarter in essence of cessation of amortization of regulatory assets. So if you look at this quarter for example, of the O&M reduction $37 million was tied to the rate order and the cessation of amortization of regulatory assets, the remainder is what I would say – and I am really proud of our managers across the business, the remainder is dozens of very solid O&M cost control initiatives that have really been bearing fruit.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And how do we think about what the year-to-date define in O&M is outside of the amortization and how do we compare that to the O&M requested in your general rate cases?
Gale E. Klappa: Okay, well we have got some numbers here, we’re turning to the right page. First of all if you take the amount associated with the holiday, the amortization holiday and the rate freeze, Steve its $37 million times three, right?
Stephen P. Dickson: That’s right. So $101 million for the year and at the utility the O&M reduction is about $107 million. So you’ve got $4 million of increase cost and that’s across the Boards benefit cost, medical costs or higher. So basically at the utility the story is the freeze on the amortization.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Now to your question Michael about, how does that compare with our O&M request in the rate case?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yeah.
Gale E. Klappa: Really kind of apples-to-oranges, because a big part – well the biggest part of our rate case is, the recovery off and on at $1.3 billion of capital investment on projects the commission has already approved. So we do our adding to our rate request because we need people to operate for example, the quality controls at the overall creek units that are now in service. So in essence what I think you could – the conclusion you could properly draw is that for basic ongoing O&M we tried to stay pretty flat from 13 to 12, but there is a component of O&M that we need to add because we’re adding people to operate the new assets coming into service.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Understood. One final question; there’s been some news flow about an ATC proposed line and I believe one of your neighbors, there had been some conflicts that had gone in to the FERC regarding which utility, whether it was ATC or whether it was I think one of the Xcel subsidiaries would actually be the builder of the line and I saw in the last 24 or 48 hours some news about potentially what's drawing application. Can you just provide some color on this please?
Gale E. Klappa: I will ask Allen Leverett to answer that, but to frame it for you, I don’t think the dispute is about who’s going to build the line, it’s who will eventually own what chunk of the line.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it.
Gale E. Klappa: Who will be sharing of the capacity in ownership but mostly it’s an issue about ownership. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah, well I think maybe Michael, you were alluding to two separate facilities. The first one is the one where ATC is having dispute with Xcel and that’s the Badger Coulee line and that’s about $350 million facility. It could very well be that ATC and Xcel end up sharing 50-50 the ownership of that facility. But all that’s on appeal at the FERC at this point. I would say longer term Michael, as you have order 1000 kick in, the FERC order around planning I think in the future we shouldn’t have uncertainty about ownership in these types of situations, but the Badger Coulee facility is certainly an open issue. The other facility that you may have been thinking about is the one that’s connected with the Kewaunee closure. Originally ATC had proposed to build a facility called Barnhart-Branch River, and they’re putting that on hold given that Kewaunee is going to be closing. So that’s the second facility I think that you’re referring to. But from a high level, I’d just reiterate what Gale was saying earlier. We wouldn’t see, regardless of what happens with the ownership of Badger Coulee, regardless of what happens with Barnhart-Branch River, we don’t see an impact in ATC earnings over the next three years meaning ‘13 to ’15. Does that help, Michael?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Very helpful, Allen. Very helpful, Gale. Thanks guys. I much appreciate it.
Gale E. Klappa: You’re more than welcome. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Gale E. Klappa: Good afternoon, Paul. How you doing?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: Well. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa: Good. Now you’re not anywhere near New York?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: There’s one benefit to living in Cleveland, I guess?
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: Besides nothing (indiscernible).
Gale E. Klappa: What is that – is that you’re not part of that show on TV called Broken Cleveland; are you?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: I’m [damn] near.
Allen L. Leverett: Almost broken.
Gale E. Klappa: What can we do for you, Paul?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: What was the absolute fuel recovery through the quarter?
Gale E. Klappa: I think it was $19 million.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: For last year it was break even?
Gale E. Klappa: That’s correct.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: And what's the risk of additional …
Allen L. Leverett: Paul, we – sorry Paul we misunderstood that. The benefit to the quarter on a year-to-year basis was $19 million. In the third quarter we had higher costs because the plants are running and so last year we under recovered by $34 million and this year it’s about $15 million. So the change was about $19 million.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: Got it.
Gale E. Klappa: We were under recovered for the quarter, but the positive swing was $19 million.
Allen L. Leverett: Right.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: Not as under recovered, okay. And what's the potential for more self-generation?
Gale E. Klappa: The two particular customers that we mentioned that have moved to self-generation where in my opinion fairly unique circumstances. One is a paper mill and they are moving more to use of biomass to fuel their paper operations, and the other is a sewage district where they’ve got the ability to use some methane gas on and off. Those circumstances again I think are pretty unique to those two particular customers. I would not view this as a trend.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: Where did you outperform relative to third quarter guidance?
Gale E. Klappa: Well relative to third quarter guidance I think there are couple of places where we did better than we thought when we gave our third quarter guidance. And the first is, when we were on the call at the end of the second quarter we knew we'd have some warm weather, but overall we came in better than we thought just on revenues, because of the intense heat in early July and then it got warmer again towards the end of the quarter. So particularly the warmth we saw at the end of the quarter. We had a sense because when we were on the call we knew about the early July, but the warmth at the end of the quarter was quite helpful in terms of additional sales and then I believe we actually did a little bit on fuel recovery than we thought we were going to do.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay. And Gale, is it true for Halloween you’re going to be a CEO of a large Charlotte based utility?
Gale E. Klappa: I don’t know. They didn’t deliver the Jim Rogers masks. So I don’t know.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Inc.: Thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, I appreciate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich with J.P. Morgan.
Gale E. Klappa: Good. Leslie, how are you today?
Operator: Leslie, your line is open.
Gale E. Klappa: Leslie went trick-or-treating I think.
Operator: And we’ve moved on to the next question from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Hey Pat, I just want to make sure I understood some of your comments about the fourth quarter. Can you talk a little bit about some of the puts and takes from fourth quarter '11 to fourth quarter '12, just trying to think about the bridge year-over-year?
J. Patrick Keyes: Sure, Michael. I'll just kind of re-summarize some of my remarks. I think the biggest difference is we talked about $0.39 to $0.41 as our guidance in the fourth quarter this year. One thing is -- as Gale mentioned, we had a very hot summer. We've got a lot of stress on the network, so we've got a number of maintenance projects that we've added to our fourth quarter plans, which is additional spend than we had originally. And we also talked about the rate settlement, and that $37 million flat a quarter was kind of a simplified way to do it. If you think about how the depreciation expense for an example falls, it picks-up in the fourth quarter because everything is on line. So, we've got additional depreciation vis-à-vis that amortization order. That's probably the two biggest.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, I think Pat’s kind of nailed it. But as we said during the prepared remarks, we fully expect to earn our allowed authorized return on equity at Wisconsin Electric.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. I just want to make sure on the depreciation side. If the regulatory amort is rolling off and that the primary impact of that is actually felt in O&M. What's driving – were you brining South Oak Creek [enviro] controls into service and therefore you experienced that depreciation for the first time beginning in fourth quarter 2012, or is there some other driver?
J. Patrick Keyes: That's direct on a 78 train, yes.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. We completed the last segment of the air quality control upgrade at the older Oak Creek units on September 4. So when that happens obviously we stop accruing allowance for funds used during construction. We start depreciating the new asset. So, all of those two things the cessation of AFUDC, and the depreciation of the asset are basically – almost $900 million project, that's a pretty big swing for Q4.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it, okay. Thanks guys. I much appreciate it.
Gale E. Klappa: You’re welcome Michael.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Leslie Rich with J.P. Morgan.
Gale E. Klappa: Hi, Leslie.
Operator: Leslie, your line is open.
Gale E. Klappa: I’ll tell you what we can do. We will be happy to call Leslie later after the call, since she obviously is having some difficultly with either her phone or with the power in New York.
Operator: Yes sir. And your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Gale E. Klappa: Greetings Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good evening. Can you hear me?
Gale E. Klappa: We sure can.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just two quick ones here; the 9.8% increase I think you said for electrical connects for the last nine months. Did I hear that correct and how does that related to customer growth?
Gale E. Klappa: You are correct, I think we said 9.8% uptick in for the nine month period this year compared with the first nine months of last year in Electric, new customer connections, but on the natural gas side it's actually above 14% growth. We are coming off though a very low period of growth in terms of new customers. So these are nice upticks, but we're still only seeing about a three to four tenths of 1% growth in the total customer base of both the electric -- actually probably four tenth of 1% growth on the natural gas side so far this year, little less than that on the electric slide, but encouraging -- encouraging.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So when you say -- there are a lot of people who are -- lot of customers are disconnecting, is that what it is, so the net number isn't that much? Is that how we should think about it?
Gale E. Klappa: No, I think what you're seeing is just very flattish growth. We haven't seen a lot of disconnects.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, so the 9.8%, why isn't that – I'm sorry to be so slow, why is that only leading to four tenths of 1% customer growth if you’re getting 9.8% new customers and you’re not losing that many?
Gale E. Klappa: Because if you look at and let's assume for a minute, all right, let's a take a one million for ease of discussion. We have about one million natural gas customers. So if you have four tenth of 1% growth in one year or three tenth of 1% growth in one year, and then four or five tenths of 1% growth in the next comparable period, you’re not going to drive the raw numbers that much higher. It's the percentage growth compared to …
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay I figured out. So in other words, it's the question of how much new customer -- I think I'm just -- I misunderstood for what base that was, okay. The iron ore mine, what was the actual impact of the iron ore mine? It sounds like you guys had really hot weather, but you had no new peak. If you had the iron ore mine operating, would you have had a new peak? Can you just tell us what the iron ore mine itself would have done?
Gale E. Klappa: And Will, I’m looking at Scott and Steve on specifically on the iron ore mine, because they were at half load during those really hot days, and they’re about -- probably it would have added another 100 megawatts.
Stephen P. Dickson: Yeah, 50 to 100.
Gale E. Klappa: 50 to 100 additional megawatts. But there’s one other point that's important here, and that is, this was July 5 and July 6. And as you know, during the first week of July a lot of manufacturing customers are shutdown for summer all of that week because it's a holiday week. So, not only did we have the mines because of their planned outage at half load if you will, but we had a lot of manufacturing customers that weren’t operating. So, there is no doubt in my mind that had it been a normal week, assume for a minute those hot temperatures that occurred on July 5 and July 6, had occurred on July 15. No doubt in my mind we would have set a new peak.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Now, you guys did benefit from weather though, I mean you guys mentioned how it was dispersed differently, but if I am looking at your financials, you guys do actually seem to suggest if I'm reading them correctly that, the quarter did improve over last quarter by $2 million. Is that -- am I understanding that correctly or is that taking all the stuff into account or do you follow what I'm saying?
Gale E. Klappa: Steve, I think the $2 million is pretty accurate.
Stephen P. Dickson: Yeah, basically last year weather was favorable by about $21 million, this year it's favorable by about $23 million compared to normal, so that’s how you got the $2 impact as compared to last year. But compared to normal it's about $23 million better compared to normal this year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then when we look at slide 11, and you mentioned a couple of things; I just want to make sure I understand this. Excluding the iron mine I guess or just excluding old mining, your retail sales growth is down the last nine months six tenths of 1% and that includes leap year, is that right, the benefit that you got from leap year?
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. It does include that, but it also includes the two customers that we talked about that moved to self-generation.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right, but they’re not going to probably move back from self-generation, right?
Gale E. Klappa: No. That is correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And I guess what I'm also wondering is, we are hearing a lot of interest out there in terms of the promotion of combined heat and power. And I know you mentioned that you don't see this as a trend the self-generation effort, and I just wanted to sort of highlight that, you don't see any trends or people being interested in combined heat and power, is that based because wholesale electric prices are low or how should we think of that?
Gale E. Klappa: Really I don't see us having a lot of -- we haven't had a lot of inquiries where there are not many, many discussions going on with customers about combined heat and power investments. Our industrial rates I believe are low enough, and then of course we have for new and expanding customers a real time pricing rate that is very attractive. I think when we you look at our combination of the tools we have to be able to offer and to expanding customers and new customers and be very competitive. I think we stack up very, very well. And if I can give you and then I hope this won't confuse you. Let me give you two other energy sales statistics that were helpful to me, because when we start talking about weather adjusted and all these ins and outs, sometimes I think we can get lost in that and actually when you have weather as extreme as we've experienced both in the summer of 2011 and the summer 2012, you kind of get at the -- you kind of get two standard deviations away from norm and our weather normalization techniques that are available to the industry aren't that good frankly at the tail-end of these standard deviations. So what I asked our folks to do is go back and tell me for the spring-summer period. So the six-month period ended September 30; April, May, June, July, August, and September; just give me actual results for residential sales for this period, this year and that second and third quarter period last year. And this helped me sort through the trend. Our residential sales that was warm both years -- in both quarters of both years. Our residential for the six months ended September 30 are up 2.9% actual. Our small commercial and industrial is up 2.7%, and that makes a lot more sense to me, it is warm both periods, different patterns in terms of the intensity of the weather, but I think that may shed some light on the fact that I don't see us in a huge declining trend here.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, I guess the reason why I'm asking about Gale, quite frankly is you’re not the only guys who are seeing very weak growth or negative growth. And we are seeing it all around the country. So, I just was wondering, is there anything else that you’re seeing perhaps because I mean we'll say it’s remarkable. Over the last 18 months, it seems to be pretty wide spread, but also I mean, just looking at some -- some utilities have had negative weather adjusted electric sales growth for almost three years. Is there anything, customer usage or anything that you’re seeing -- I'm saying outside of -- do you follow what I'm asking?
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. I follow and I appreciate that. I do think; well first of all many of the utilities that you’re properly saying or seeing negative trends here in sales growth, many of those were in the faster growth regions of the country, where the boom and bust has been much more dramatic than it has been in the Midwest. We simply are just more stable and have been through this recession than many, many other regions. There's not a flash of growth here, but it is steady and it is stable and we’re beginning to see some commercial activity that we've not seen in five or six years. Announcement of new shopping centers, announcement of a potential brand new skyscraper in downtown Milwaukee. The one trend I am seeing I think is, that we are beginning to see some commercial growth on the horizon that we've not seen over the last five or six years. On the residential side, the other thing we are seeing is a continuation of what I've mentioned in past calls. Where we have -- what we call in the industry a shoulder month. Take a May or an October where it's easy for a customer not to turn-on the heat or to turn-off the air conditioning. We're seeing more conservation in the shoulder months where it is easier to concern. I don't think there’s any question about that. So, those would be the two trends that I would point out to you; shoulder month conservation to a stronger degree than we have seen in the past and I think here for this region, some commercial growth that's on the horizon that may give our commercial and industrial sales a bit of a lift.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot. Happy Halloween.
Gale E. Klappa: Happy Halloween. Good questions.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities, Inc.
Gale E. Klappa: Greetings Jay. How are you sir?
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Very well, thanks Gale. How about you?
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah fine. Your power on.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: My power is on. Thank you. Very different than 2003 when you and I chatted.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, exactly.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: And anyway I wanted to revisit the O&M item. I think I’m still just getting a little confused sort of what happened in the third quarter, so am I’m specifically speaking about the slug excluding the $37 million regulatory asset amortization holiday. So that was down about $16 million, $53 million net of $37 million. Can you give me just a flavor of what that was because as I look at it, it almost looks like some O&M was shifted to the fourth quarter because the weather was fairly similar, in fact actually probably somewhat more conducive to regular maintenance this year than last year? So, I am sort of confused with, so stressed about this third quarter that's forcing a lot of maintenance in the fourth quarter that wouldn't have been similar to a year ago. So anyway, just trying to get my head around this.
Gale E. Klappa: Well we’ll ask Steve to take a shot and then I’ll also give you my view on it.
Stephen P. Dickson: Yeah you’re right. It’s about $53 million decline and $37 million relates to the amortization. There's a lot of small things in there, one of the things is the gas distribution expenses were down because there was a mild winter. So as we didn't need to perform as much work. There was a slight benefit in miscellaneous benefits expense because of a share performance on one of the benefit plans. So, that was a benefit to the Company reduction in expense and again that's tied to the stock price compared to other companies, but that was relatively minor. But there’s a lot of small things, but maintenance and the delivery. And yeah, the other thing that helped us on the Electric side, even though it was very hot in the third quarter, we did not experience major storms. And so the storm expense was low compared to last year.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. And overall, as I mentioned in addition and Steve is very accurate on the things he cited. We just have a lot of cost consciousness and a lot of cost control going on across the organization. Its little things here and there; but they all add up.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Right, no -- no absolutely. But maybe think about it differently; with the major maintenance that you're doing in the fourth quarter that's dragging fourth quarter earnings relative to a year ago, not have occurred last year at all in the second half?
Gale E. Klappa: No, but we’ll have more of it in Q4 of this year than in Q4 of last year.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: So more than in the second half -- 
Gale E. Klappa: I’m sorry.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: So more than in the second half of last year?
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: I understand in the fourth quarter definitely. I'm trying to get at the second half of …
Gale E. Klappa: The answer is yes, more in the second half this year than in the second half last year.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Gale E. Klappa: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin.
Gale E. Klappa: Dan I was hoping to hear from you today. Now before we get into this, I want to make sure that you’re prepared for Halloween tonight. You have your bail money in small denominations, small bills because I am not going to bail you out again Dan.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I have big bills, so …
Gale E. Klappa: There you go. Well just forget my cell-phone number okay.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And the first question I have is kind of related to the rate proceeding you said you expect the decision by December. I'm just wondering if you could update us a little bit on kind of what discussions or what kind of testimony or feedback or whatever you've gotten from the Commission staff?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, and I’d be happy to Dan. In essence let me back up because I want to frame the case a little bit, and I think that’ll help understand the briefs that have been filed in the case by all the parties. The predominant driver of our rate filing, remember it's 3.6% base rate increase that we're seeking. The overwhelmingly predominant driver is the capital we spent about $1.3 billion on the Glacier Hills Wind Park, on the air quality controls that we've just completed at the older Oak Creek units. Those are projects that were approved by the Commission. We've brought them in on time and on budget. And in the case of the air quality control upgrade actually better than budget. So the rate case is in essence about seeking recovery in rates for those investments that were previously approved. So the lion share of the case is about capital, that's already been spent. A very small amount of the case is about our O&M projections on how much O&M we need to spend in 2013 and 2014, because if you recall in Wisconsin we have a two-year forward looking test year, so we project our expenses and our investment levels for 2013 and 2014 as part of the rate case. The staff is suggesting that we should spend less O&M than we have proposed for the 2013 and 2014 period. But it appears that they are comfortable with and we would expect they would have been comfortable with the capital investments and the fact that they were brought in previously approved on time and on budget. So, the final rounds of briefs and discussions among the parties and with the commissioners as they’re briefed is really about what's the -- it’s really about now down to what is the O&M that's the appropriate O&M for us for 2013 and 2014. And as I mentioned to you for all of the Wisconsin utilities this year the Commission has decided that the current allowed return on equity and the current capital structure will stay in place. Does that help, Dan?
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So what's the ROE that’s …
Gale E. Klappa: For our Wisconsin Electric operation it's 10.4% and for our Wisconsin gas Corporation it's 10.5%.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So the 3.6% is that like a onetime or is that, is there like one in 2013 and one in 2014 for the electric rate …
Gale E. Klappa: More for the – it varies across the different operations, but for electric it's 3.6% and 3.6%. So 3.6% in 2013 and 3.6% in 2014, then we're actually and it’d be helpful to remember this, we're actually filing for a decrease in our gas operations for Wisconsin Electric and in Wisconsin Gas operations as well.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Was that just a one-time decrease on the gas side then or how is that work?
Gale E. Klappa: No, we’re actually asking for a decrease and then for that decrease to remain in place for 2014.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, so that’s rather two phase or is that just a onetime and then it would stay the same for gas?
Gale E. Klappa: That is exactly right Dan.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And I had a question, you mentioned …
Gale E. Klappa: Plus we need to heat that jail cell a little more for you.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right, yeah. I appreciate that. One thing you mentioned that you would be interested in if the State were to sell-off some of their generating facilities, but then you would need some sort of legislation related to that. Given the current and make-up of the legislature do you see that as something that's likely to happen or is that just something, I know that maybe the governor has that on his agenda, but have you -- what kind of feedback are you getting from the legislature?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, clearly the appetite for moving that forward will somewhat depend upon the outcome of the election in early November. However my sense is that there are some democratic legislators depending upon the use of the proceeds from the sale that could be very supportive of the sale. So, I'm not sure this is really a hugely part as an issue going forward and some of the support for the concept of selling the State owned power plants may well lie in, what would the governor intend to do with these one-time proceeds?
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And just to go back a little bit on what you're seeing, particularly from the manufacturing side. First, I just want to clarify on the ones that are doing self-generation. When do you expect that you won't be seeing the year-over-year impact on that? When did those kind of go off system so that the …
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think we've seen the impact on -- I'm looking at Scott Lauber and he’s agreeing. I believe we've seen about the impact that we expect to see and we'll see it in this year's numbers. Comparisons next year should not have any further impact from the two customers or if so modest, very modest.
Daniel Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So starting first quarter or what …
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, starting first quarter.
Daniel Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then just, one thing I don't know how closely you look at this, but I noticed today the Milwaukee Purchasing Managers Index was down quite a bit. And I was wondering how much, if you know that has much correlation to what you see from the people you provide service to as far as a way to kind of get a sense on what's going on in the large manufacturers?
Gale E. Klappa: I wouldn’t necessary place a ton of weight on that in terms of its influence on our large manufacturing customer base. What we look at, and we do this every week. We see a report that shows what is happening with our large industrial customers every single week and we look at it from the standpoint of latest four weeks compared to the prior four weeks. Latest 13 weeks compared to the 13 weeks of a year ago, and then week-to-week. So we have a very good reporting system that keeps us very much in tune with what's happening with our largest industrial customers. And right now, I think the bottom-line of what we're seeing is flat overall.
Daniel Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then the last thing I was just wondering, you mentioned that one of the big differences in the cash from operations had to do with the pension funding. I was wondering if you'd give us a little color on what you expect on the pension funding going forward.
Gale E. Klappa: We’ll let Pat give you the answer on that one.
J. Patrick Keyes: Sure, Dan. Few thoughts on the pension funding. First of all, we had a contribution plan in 2013 and we just pulled it forward. So that's one of the explanations I guess. Second, we are anticipating that our discount rate at the end of the year is going to be lower than it is right now. So, in round numbers, we're just over 5% now and based on all the latest actuarial assumptions I've seen we'll probably end up under 4%, so that drove up the size of our liability and drove the contribution. And I guess the third point would be, we kind of choose the $100 million based on all of the best knowledge we've got now that projects us out to be 100% funded at the end of the year.
Gale E. Klappa: And Dan, to Pat’s last point. I think you'll find we’re one of the few large companies around that will be fully funded on their pension liabilities.
Daniel Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa: You are welcome Dan. Behave now.
Daniel Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I’ll try.
Gale E. Klappa: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with Morningstar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division.: Hi, good afternoon.
Gale E. Klappa: Hi, Andy. How are you?
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division.: Good. How are you?
Gale E. Klappa: Fine.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division.: Just real quick question, most of mine have been answered. But if you could kind of opine on your ability to manage O&M costs in 2013, '14 outside of those additional O&M related to your additional capital investments that have been put in place?
Gale E. Klappa: On our ability to manage our O&M costs?
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division.: Correct.
Gale E. Klappa: We've proven to be very effective, very strong, very capable at managing our O&M costs, and I don't think that will change in any way, shape or form
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division.: Okay, but I mean in 2013, '14 you would expect to be able to keep O&M relatively flat outside of those additional capital investments?
Gale E. Klappa: Meaning outside of the O&M we needed to have for the additional people to run those additional – the additional assets. The answer is yes.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with CDP Capital.
Gale E. Klappa: Hi, Vedula. Long time no talk to.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital: Hey nice to talk to you, Gale. Thank you.
Gale E. Klappa: You are welcome. How’s it going?
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital: I’m doing okay. Basically to follow-up on Paul Patterson’s line of questioning, I think almost certain was that, but when you get to the next rate cycle can you kind of discuss a little bit on how much right now of your returning rates are kind of on the fixed tariff as opposed to volumetric at this point and do you want to kind of transition over maybe a little higher percentage to get away from volumetric risk or do you think if you can kind of tell us kind of where you’re at there and whether it's kind of a good mix right now in terms of balancing the opportunity benefit from sales growth and that type of thing versus protection, and that type of thing?
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, Vedula. I don’t believe we have in the room with us the exact percentages of the breakdown of rates. How much is in fixed charges, how much is volumetric. We can certainly get that for you and call you back after the call, but in our current rate case, we are asking, I believe for some adjustment upward in the fixed charges. And again the specific percentage breakdown we don't have in the room with us, but it's a matter of public record and we can certainly get that to you later this afternoon.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital: Yeah, but basically the point is though that’s something that you’re working towards in terms of moving away or diminishing the volumetric component?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, clearly with the – with what we’ve asked for in terms of modest adjustments in our rate structures and the rate case. We think it would be helpful to move in that direction, meaning a bit away from volumetric and more toward the fixed charge. So the answer is yes.
Vedula Murti - CDP Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gale E. Klappa: You’re welcome, Vedula. Take care. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen that concludes our conference call for today. We appreciate very much your participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in the Investor Relations office. Her direct line 414-221-2592. Thanks everybody. See you in Scottsdale.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen Henderson – Investor Relation Gale Klappa – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Rick Kuester – Chief Financial Officer Allen Leverett – President and Chief Executive, WE Generation Susan Martin – General Counsel Pat Keyes – Treasurer Steve Dickson – Controller
Analysts: Jim Von Riesemann – UBS Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Andy Bischof – Morningstar Andy Levy – Avon Capital Advisors
Colleen Henderson – Investor Relation: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s Conference Call to review 2012 Second Quarter Results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it’s my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Colleen, thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us as we review the company’s 2012 second quarter results. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive of WE Generation; Susan Martin, our General Counsel; Pat Keyes, Treasurer; Steve Dickson, Controller; and Rick Kuester, our Chief Financial Officer. You may have seen the announcement on Monday afternoon that Rick has decided to retire early next year. Rick and I have known each other for nearly three decades. He is one of the most knowledgeable and effective leaders in our industry and he has made countless contributions to our progress here at Wisconsin Energy. We wish Rick and his wife Joyce all the very best as they begin the transition to retired life on the Gulf Coast.
Rick Kuester – Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Gale. I appreciate it.
Gale Klappa – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Rick. Well, first things first though, Rick will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.51 a share for the second quarter of 2012. This compares with earnings from continuing operations of $0.41 a share for the second quarter of 2011. Weather, of course, continued to be the big story in the second quarter following the warmest winter in the 122 years here, we experienced an old-fashioned Midwestern heat wave in June with seven days reaching 90 degrees or higher across the region. It was hot town summer in the city, the third warmest June in the past 80 years. And I am pleased to report that our generating fleet performed well. We were able to meet the energy needs of our customers, thanks to the $3 billion we invested over the past decade in new efficient generating units through our Power the Future plan. Turning now to the economy, Wisconsin’s unemployment rate at 7% in June remains well below the national average. Energy sales to our large commercial and industrial customers excluding the iron ore mines rose by 0.6% in the second quarter. Sectors showing strength in the quarter included chemicals, metal fabrication and heavy equipment manufacturing. We also continued to see an up-tick in new customer connections. New services installed for electric customers were up 15% as compared to the first six months of last year. And connections of new natural gas customers rose by nearly 19% compared with the same period a year ago. On the construction front, we have two major projects underway. The 50 megawatt biomass plant in Northern Wisconsin and the air quality control upgrade at the original Oak Creek units. We are making solid progress on our biomass fuel generating plant at the site of the Domtar Paper Mill in Rothschild in Northern Wisconsin. As of the end of July construction is approximately 39% complete. We are currently on schedule and on budget to meet a completion date by the end of 2013. The main boiler at Rothschild is now being erected, the cooling tower is complete and the circulating of water pump house is under construction. The main condensers, the aerator and combustion fans have been set in place and equipment is being installed in the switch yard and the fuel storage building. As I have noted before the biomass plant will help us to diversify our portfolio of renewable energy. Being able to dispatch the unit and the efficient technology that will produce electricity for the grid and steam for the operating paper mill will clearly enhance the economics of the project. Our investment in the biomass plant is expected to total between $245 million and $255 million excluding allowance for funds used during construction. Of course the biomass project and Glacier Hills Wind Park that we completed late last year, our key components that will help us meet Wisconsin's renewable portfolio standard for the year 2015. To refresh your memory the standard calls for an increase in the amount of electricity delivered from renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. This standard sets targets for each Wisconsin utility using an historical baseline. Using that baseline approximately 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in the year 2015. When we complete the biomass project we will be well-positioned to meet the 2015 standard. Also, we recently signed agreements for additional renewable energy credits which should allow us to be in compliance through the year 2018. And because of favorable market conditions, we expect to purchase more renewable credits further extending the timeframe that we expect to be in compliance. Turning now to our Oak Creek site, we're nearing the finish line on the air quality control upgrade for the older coal-fired units. The four older units that operate have been among the most efficient base load units in the Midwest. Though the economic solution for our customers was to invest approximately $900 million, including allowance for funds used during construction for the installation of wet scrubbers and selective catalytic reduction facilities, I would remind you that this is the second largest construction project in our Company's history. The air quality control equipment for units 5 and 6 at Oak Creek went into commercial service in March and is operating well meeting all emission standards. We've now completed the physical tie in of the units 7 and 8 equipment and testing is well underway. We expect to achieve commercial operation of the new controls for units 7 and 8 during August and that will close out this $900 million project on time and we believe better than budget. Turning now to other items of interest; last quarter, we discussed the impact we were seeing from conditions in the coal and natural gas markets. Natural gas prices have continued at historically low levels during the second quarter influencing the dispatch order and locational marginal pricing in the Midwest power market. Over the years, of course, the key to serving customers at competitive prices has been fuel diversity. And fuel diversity was a core principle of our Power the Future plan. You may remember that our plan called for the addition of 2,200 megawatts of new efficient capacity, capacity that is almost equally balanced between natural gas and coal. And now with our efficient new capacity in place and natural gas prices at low levels, our natural gas burn is expected to about double from 24 billion cubic feet last year to 50 billion cubic feet in 2012. In fact, our natural gas units at Port Washington operated at a 59% capacity factor in the first half of this year. This compares with a 20% capacity factor during the same period in 2011. Our Port Washington units are essentially being dispatched now as baseload units. And as our natural gas burn has gone up, our coal burn is naturally gone down. We are projecting to burn approximately 9 million tons of coal this year versus 10.7 million tons in 2011. We will achieve this reduction by maximizing the use of storage, working with our coal suppliers to amend existing contracts and carrying out small planned burns. We are also hard it work on a new initiative, a new initiative that would allow us to blend western and eastern coals at our new Oak Creek expansion units. As you may recall, the new units are currently permitted to burn eastern bituminous coal. However, moving to a blend with Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal could substantially lower fuel cost for our customers. We have filed for a revised air permit and we expect to receive approval by year-end. Our plan calls for us to begin testing the blended coal burns that our Oak Creek expansion units during 2013. Overall, our diverse fleet and our long-term power purchase agreement for nuclear energy position us well as the power markets continue to evolve. Now, I’ll briefly review where we stand on the regulatory fronts in Wisconsin and Michigan. As you may recall, base rates for our electric customers in Wisconsin are frozen for 2012. We proposed and the Wisconsin Commission accepted a creative approach to delay a base rate increase as the economy here continues to improve. Looking forward, the 2013 and 2014, we filed a rate request with the Wisconsin commission seeking an increase for our electric and steam customers and a decrease for our natural gas customers for 2013. On the electric side of our business, just to refresh the memory, the base rate adjustments were seeking in the next two years are driven by approximately $1.6 billion of new capital investment. These are investments of the commission previously approved to strength the reliability and with environmental requirements and to comply with Wisconsin’s renewable energy mandate. Projects previously approved by the commission include the air quality control system for the older units at Oak Creek, at Glacier Hills Wind Park, the biomass facility and the Oak Creek expansion units. Our proposal includes using a federal energy grants that we expect to receive for our biomass facility. After applying this cash grant, the result would be a net customer bill impact of 3.6% in both 2013 and 2014. Our filing also includes an estimate the fuel cost for 2013. Our fuel cost projections will be updated and finalized as for our normal procedure later this year. On the natural gas front, we proposed a decrease in base rates for customers of our two natural gas distribution utilities in 2013. We are seeking a 2.3% decrease for Wisconsin gas customers and a two-tenths of 1% decrease for Wisconsin Electric gas customers. For 2014, we are also proposing the base rates for our natural gas customers remain flat. For our steam utility, we filed for an increase in 2013 of approximately 6% for our downtown Milwaukee customers and approximately 7% for our Milwaukee County customers. In 2014, our proposal calls for an increase in steam rates of 6% for both customer groups. At a pre-hearing conference on May 21, the staff of the Wisconsin Commission stated that it does not intend to pursue capital structure or return on equity as issues in this proceeding. Recently, the staff completed its field audit and technical and public hearings have been scheduled for the fall. We expect to receive rate orders by the end of 2012. We’ve asked with the new electric and steam rates go into effect at the start of 2013 and 2014 and the new gas rates be effective the start of 2013. Turning now to our Michigan rate case, the Michigan Commission issued a final order to increase retail of electric rates by $9.2 million annually effective on June 27 of this year. The new electric rates of the Michigan reflect the substantial investments we’ve made in reliability, renewable energy, and environmental upgrades. Switching gears now, you will recall that our board has approved a share repurchase plan scheduled to run through the end of 2013. A plan authorizes us to buyback up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. No purchases were made in the first or second quarter of this year. Previously, we repurchased approximately 3.2 million shares at a cost of $100 million that equates to an average purchase price of $30.79 per share. And as we previously announced, our Board has adopted a dividend policy that targets a 60% payout ratio in the year 2014. This policy should support double-digit growth in our dividend in both 2013 and 2014 as we move toward a payout ratio that is more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. Finally, I’d like to discuss the investment opportunities that we see going forward in our core business. As we’ve mentioned our capital budget calls for spending $3.5 billion over the five year period 2012 through 2016. And with this five year budget the nature of our capital investments are shifting away from high profile projects such as our power the future units, renewable generation and large air quality controls. Instead our capital plan is comprised now of many smaller projects that will upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure, the building blocks of our delivery business pipes, polls, wires, transformers, and substation components. The primary risks associated with these projects developmental, legal, regulatory, construction are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and the scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the mega projects we’ve just completed. Our focus on renewing our distribution facilities is essential for maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest. As you know, we’ve also been reviewing additional investments that meet our return criteria and our risk profile. And I’m pleased to announce that on July 27, just last week we signed an agreement with NextEra Energy Resources to buy the Montfort Wind Energy Center, an existing 30 megawatt wind farm located in Ohio County, Wisconsin. The purchase price is $27 million. We currently have a power purchase agreement for 85% of the output from the site. The remaining 15% is under our power purchase agreement with another Wisconsin utility. We believe this acquisition will deliver positive economic benefits for our customers and our shareholders. After approval the wind farm would be added to our retail rate base. This acquisition of course is subject to FERC and Wisconsin Commission approval and we're targeting a financial close by the end of 2012. We will be retaining NextEra to operate the site under an operations and maintenance agreement. Also as you may recall the future of the Presque Isle Power Plant in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is under review now because of expected changes in National Ambient Air Quality Standards by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. So, we've been working to identify a life extension option for the Presque Isle plant that is economically beneficial for our customers. We’re studying the possibility as we’ve reported to you of a joint venture with Wolverine Power Cooperative for environmental upgrades to the Presque Isle units and potential joint ownership of the plant. Wolverine under-accounts that would pay for the environmental upgrades and receive an ownership interest in the facility. The parties are discussing the terms and we've initiated now the second phase of engineering to assess a more detailed scope of work for the air quality controls. If the joint venture moves forward, we would not expect to have any reduction in our rate base. As always, we’ll keep you posted on this potential transaction as it evolves. And in closing I’d like to mention that with the recall elections in Wisconsin now completes, we have continuity in state government and a renewed focus on improving the business climate across the state and progress is being made. In a recent survey reported by Chief Executive Magazine, Wisconsin jumped four more spots to 20th best state in the nation in which to do business. One spot better than Alabama and are right behind South Dakota. Overall, Wisconsin has climbed 23 places in the survey since 2008. And now with more details on our second quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2012 here is Rick.
Rick Kuester – Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier our 2012 second quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.51 a share as compared to $0.41 a share in 2011. The results were better than planned because of hotter than normal weather in June, lower operation and maintenance costs and positive impact of the company's share repurchase program. Taking a closer look at the numbers, I will focus on earnings drivers at the operating income level by business segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the first six months of the year. Our consolidated operating income in the second quarter of 2012 was $223 million as compared to $174 million in the last year’s second quarter, an increase of $49 million. Starting with utility energy segment, you will see that operating income totaled $134 million, an increase of $46 million versus 2011. A significant factor in the quarter was the hot weather. We estimate that our electric and gas margins increased by $20 million as compared to last year and $17.3 million as compared to normal weather. In addition to the impact of weather, our collections on fuel improved by $11 million and our O&M costs were reduced by $30 million when compared to 2011. These positive factors were offset by a $10 million increase in depreciation expense at the utility level. The reduction in O&M cost is directly related to the one year amortization holiday of certain regulatory assets. As previously mentioned, last year we’ve reached an agreement with the Wisconsin Commission that allowed us to freeze base electric rates in 2012. One of the provisions in the agreement was the ability to stop the amortization of certain regulatory asset. This action will reduce O&M by $148 million during 2012, which flows evenly through the year. This agreement was designed to help our customers avoid 2012 price increases and allow shareholders to earn return on the capital projects that Gale discussed earlier. The increase in depreciation expense over last year is related to the first units of the air quality control system at our older Oak Creek plant, which went into service earlier this year, and to the Glacier Hills Wind Park, which went into service in late 2011. Operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which consists primarily of the Power the Future units, was up by $2 million. We finalized the depreciable lives of the new Oak Creek units, which had a slight positive impact on earnings. Taking the changes for these two segments together, along with corporate charges and other miscellaneous items, you’ll arrive at the $49 million increase in operating income for the second quarter of 2012. During the second quarter of 2012 earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company increased just slightly over 2011. Our other income was reduced by $6 million because of lower AFUDC, now that the air quality control project for units 5 and 6 at Oak Creek is complete. Net interest expense increased by $5 million primarily because of lower capitalized interest associated with lower construction work in progress. Consolidated income tax rose by approximately $18 million because of higher pre-tax earnings and higher effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2012 is expected to be between 35.5% and 36.5%. Combining all of these items brings you to $119 million of net income from continuing operations with the second quarter of 2012 or earnings of $0.51 per share. During the first six months of 2012, our adjusted operating cash flows totaled $636 million, which is a $25 million increase from the same period in 2011. Our adjusted operating cash flows include the impact of changes in restricted cash. The largest favorable factor relates to our benefit plans. In 2011, we contributed $122 million to our plans in the first six months of the year. No such contributions were made during the first half of this year. On the negative side, we saw a $74 million reduction in non-cash charges because of the regulatory amortization holiday in 2012. Our total capital expenditures decreased by approximately $33 million in the first six months of 2012 as compared to 2011. We saw lower expenditures as projects were completed. We also paid $138 million in common dividends in the first six months of 2012, which was $17 million greater than the same period last year. Dividends in the first six months equate to an annual dividend of $1.20 per share, which is a 15% increase over the prior year’s annual dividend of $1.04 per share. Our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was 53.1% as of June 30, 2012. Our adjusted calculations treat half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentation. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options, and other programs. Going forward we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As shown in the earnings package on our website, our first half 2012 retail sales of electricity increased by 0.8% as compared to the first half of 2011. Our weather normalized sales were down by 0.6%. Excluding the mines normalized sales decreased by 0.3%. As you recall we have two customers that began utilizing their own self generation in 2012. Adjusting for these customers and the mines on a normalized basis, we saw our retail sales grow by 0.2% during the first half of 2012 as compared to 2011. Overall, these results are in line with our 2012 sales forecast. As we look at our natural gas sales with the significantly warmer than normal winter, we saw our retail sales decline in the first half the year by almost 24% as compared to 2011. However, on a weather normalized basis, our natural gas sales are in line with our forecast. As a result of the warmer weather, we will increase our earnings guidance for the year. We expect our earnings for 2012 to be in the range of $2.28 to $2.32 per share. Before I turn things back over to Gale, I would like to provide quarterly guidance. Factoring in the hot weather in July, we estimate that third quarter earnings will be in the range $0.56 to $0.59 per share. Recall that last year’s third quarter was hot which improved earnings by ($0.10) per share versus normal weather. With that, I’ll turn the things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer:  Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with (indiscernible). Please state your question.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Kit. How are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Good. Good afternoon, Gale. And I just have to say that Rick you’ve got to be kidding me, I mean, you are too young to retire. Well, it is what it is, right. So, as long as you are still here, I just want to be clear as I heard you, the increase in guidance, did you say that’s purely related to weather, and so wouldn’t have any other implications about otherwise running ahead of plan on fundamentals etcetera?
Rick Kuester: No, it’s really a weather driven change, Kit.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, that is good. And maybe can you review with us a little bit, the details of sales growth say by customer class what you are seeing out there residential, commercial, industrial?
Rick Kuester: Okay. I’ll let Steve Dickson, our Controller walk through that for you.
Steve Dickson: Yes.
Gale Klappa: While Steve is turning to the right page, I can give you a couple of fun facts. May and June which were warm months here, our residential customers used more electricity in May and June than any other May and June in history. The industrial side really very much as Rick said, very much unfolding like our projections indicated they would, pretty flat overall on the industrial demand side but some pockets of strength. Steve?
Steve Dickson: Yeah, I think, Gale you nailed that, on the earnings package on page 10, we show six months electric sales, and again, residential is up 1.7% it was weather. When you normalize the weather, we think it’s right on track. And as we’ve said in the script, we are down a little bit in large commercial, but it’s because of an expected outage there are largest customers and two customers switching. So, things are right on track.
Gale Klappa: All of which were in the original plan?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, very good. Thanks a lot.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Kit. Hang in there.
Operator: So, our next question comes from line of Jim Von Riesemann with UBS.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Jim.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Hi, everyone.
Gale Klappa: How are you doing today, Jim?
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: I’m doing well. How the packers going to do this year?
Gale Klappa: Packers are just rated number one. I hope the pre-season ratings hold up.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Okay, we’ll talk about in the January.
Gale Klappa: Yeah.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Rick, congratulations on your retirement pack, congratulations or good luck in your new role, but Gale this question is for you?
Gale Klappa: This buds for you.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Every quarter we talk about your dividend, dividend growth, previously and today the discussion is centered on this double-digit dividend growth and the mathematical 10% to get you to this 60% targeted payout by 2014. So, the question is this, as you look into your crystal ball, what factors would get you to amend that thinking say, excuse me, raise the target to a higher level, perhaps 65% or a 70% payout? And the second part of that question is how has your thinking been formed with respect to the buybacks, especially with the shares trading at better than two times book versus reallocating that money more towards dividend growth?
Gale Klappa: Okay, good questions Jim. I appreciate it. On the first thing related to our dividend pay-out ratio targets, we’ve mentioned we are targeting to move to a 60% payout ratio by 2014. That of course would support based on our projections double-digit earnings or a double-digit dividend growth for 2013 and 2014. And my direct answer to your question is one step at a time. When we get to 2014 we have a stated policy of having a competitive dividend payout ratio and we'll look around, come 2014 and see where we are against industry norms and see what it takes to maintain a competitive payout ratio. We’ll also look at the fundamental underlying strengths of the company. We'll look at our cash flows. We'll look at all the standard things that you would normally expect us to look at, but it will be in the context of what does it take to maintain a competitive payout ratio against other regulated companies in our sector.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Okay
Gale Klappa: And then on the share buyback the concept remains very much intact that we announced. We basically completed a third of the buyback already and as I mentioned at a very, very attractive repurchase price of $30.79 a share I mentioned in the script we did not repurchase any shares in Q1 or Q2. And as we moved forward we can be very patient and our criteria is very simple, we will look at what is the best after-tax return that we can deliver for our shareholders from our free cash flow. The effects of an additional investment for example like the Montfort Wind Energy Center that we mentioned, well that's what we do. At the end of the day our commitment is not to hoard cash, but to return value to shareholders and obviously our preference would be to do so with additional investment projects that meet our return criteria and our risk profile. But if we don't find those additional projects, then again we'll use that cash in a way that most benefits our shareholders from an after tax standpoint.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Got it. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Thank you, Jim.
Operator: You next question comes from the line Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Gale Klappa: Hi Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning – good afternoon sorry. I wanted to ask you about the field audit. Do you hear me?
Gale Klappa: Yes we can hear you.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I’m sorry. The field audit, you mentioned that the staff had recently...?
Gale Klappa: I’m sorry that’s field audit.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Right.
Gale Klappa: In every rate case, because we project expenses two years going forward. If you recall, Wisconsin has a two year forward-looking test year. So, what we do when we file a normal rate case during our normal cycle is we file our projected O&M and capital expenses in this case for 2013 and 2014 and then the staff does what we call a field audit. They come, look at all of our projections. They look at our past spending. They do trends, and they recommend how much O&M should be included in our future rates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And what did they say?
Gale Klappa: What did they say? Well, I think, I'm not sure they're completely through with their recommendations yet.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. I though you said they have been completed recently.
Gale Klappa: The physical field work has been done and now they are cranking.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. I got you. Okay, I'm sorry. I misunderstood you.
Gale Klappa: No problem.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And then on the weather normalized numbers, I apologize but I missed them. I’ve got the regular numbers here, I didn’t – I wasn’t able to locate the weather adjusted ones for residential and small commercial, what were they?
Gale Klappa: Steve, you’ve got those?
Steve Dickson: Yeah. We don’t do it by customer class. As far as, are you talking about the impact on the margin or the growth between units?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I'm talking about the kilowatt hour sales for the quarter that you had, I mean, outside this large industrial – large commercial industrial just sort of get a flavor for how weather adjusted sales performed?
Steve Dickson: Compared to our original forecast, we’re right on track.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. I’m sorry, what was the original – I mean, what is the number, I’m sorry?
Steve Dickson: I’m sorry, what’s the question again?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: The question is on a kilowatt hour sales growth, Q2 2012 versus Q1 2012, taking out the impact obviously you had a very warm weather, what would the sales growth have been?
Steve Dickson: What we did as we projected a flat sales growth basically because there’s a little growth in customers, but then we see conservation efforts going out there. And so we just basically had flat residential and a slight up-tick about 0.6% in the small commercial industrial.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Year-to-date, is that pretty much what you’re…?
Steve Dickson: Yeah, we’re seeing the actual weather normalized results come in pretty close.
Rick Kuester: Paul our analyst – latest analyst book that we filed has on page seven basically our forecast for 2012 versus 2011 normalized.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then finally, you mentioned this after-tax return of cash or after-tax use of cash, the best return for your investors. Are you having – I mean, you mentioned that you want to have a competitive payout ratio, but I mean is there – do you guys have any thoughts with respect to what the impact of the fiscal cliff were, an abrupt change in tax – just any change in tax policy regarding dividends which we may see I guess, is that into any other thinking in terms of how you’re going to be approaching it?
Gale Klappa: Well, I can say to you that the fiscal cliff is not in our thinking related to dividend policy, because we have to look at dividend policy on a long-term basis. So, I mean, we wouldn’t necessarily take a very short-term kind of an event into account when we’re trying to set dividend policy for multi-years. In terms of taxes, we would certainly take that into account. But in talking with our investors around the country and in Europe, many of them have given me the advice about don’t worry about our tax rates, I mean just try to have a competitive dividend policy and a superior risk-adjusted total returns. So, unless there was there was to be a punitive dividend tax rate increase which I would hope that we would avoid as a nation. I don’t think it would have – certainly we would look at it, but I don’t think it would be a huge factor in our overall dividend policy and setting that policy going forward.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, so I mean when you say punitive, are we talking about perhaps I mean as you know historically there has been a difference between dividends being taxed as opposed to capital gains, but given your discussions if I understand you correctly, given your discussions in how you guys are sort of looking at it and obviously I guess nothing’s firm, but it would be that – your inclination would be that outside of some major I guess discrepancy between capital gains and dividend taxes that you wouldn't really plan on that having an impact, is the that right?
Gale Klappa: That is correct. But I will say this, I am very hopeful and as you know our industry and others have a very I think an hope effective program underway to inform Congress and the (staffs) in Congress about how important it is not to favor one type of investment over another in terms of either capital gains or dividends. And I did notice that the Democratic proposal that came through just a couple of weeks ago, while it raised slightly taxes on dividends for upper income individuals it also maintained the link between capital gains, tax rates and dividend tax rates. I think, we-re making and hope we’re making some economic sense to Congress that you really don’t want tax policy to skew investment decisions. And so I’m very hopeful that regardless of what the final rate ends up being next year that there will be a linkage.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Well, you’re economically informing Congress, this is something I wish you had laid down, no, but I – thank you very much for your comments. I appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, Rick, congratulations on your retirement announcement. We’ll obviously miss working with you. You’re one of the best in this business. Couple of just financing and capital structure questions, first of all, what are your plans to get financing for the year both in terms of raw totals and where meaning at the holding company at the operating companies, etcetera. And second, cash taxes, can you talk a little bit about expectations for the difference between GAAP and cash taxes for the next few years?
Gale Klappa: In terms of the – Michael, in terms of the financing plans for the remainder of the year, we’ll let Pat speak to that, but we really only have one bond offering for the second half of the year. Pat?
Pat Keyes: Right, Michael I mean our debt as it looks at the end of last year, it was very comfortable how it looked at the end of Q2. As Gale mentioned, we’ve got one bond offering planned for roughly $250 million at Wisconsin Electric that will happen in latter half of the year. And I think, the last part of your question was, are we looking at other debt retirements like at the holding company. The answer is yes, we continue to look – evaluate options. However, there is nothing in this year’s plan that says we’re going to take any of that debt out.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And cash taxes versus GAAP taxes?
Gale Klappa: Well, in terms of our cash taxes, we’re benefiting certainly from accelerated depreciation. And so our GAAP taxes, as we mentioned, our effective tax rate will probably be between 35.5% this year, but the cash taxes will be absolutely minimal because of the impact of the Obama accelerated depreciation.
Rick Kuester: And of course that's a timing issue.
Gale Klappa: Very much a timing issue.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. And last thing just curious when you think about your rates on a cents per KWH basis, given what you’ve requested in the rate case how would your rates look relative to, what you say, about some of your Wisconsin peers?
Gale Klappa: Well, as you know, we proposed and received an order allowing us to freeze our base rates for 2012.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Right.
Gale Klappa: The other Wisconsin utilities actually received rate increases effective January 1, 2012. Virtually, every Wisconsin utility is in for a rate case that will be decided between now and the end of the year. So, my sense is that our relative positioning in Wisconsin will be unchanged. In fact, maybe a hair better, because some of the other Wisconsin utilities are seeking higher base rate increases than we are, but I am glad you asked that question, Michael, because there is an important underlying trend going on here that I think will be very evident over the course of the next three, four, five years, particularly in the greater Midwest and the nation as a whole. We have invested, as you know, well actually since 2003 $7.8 billion in infrastructure upgrades. Much of that capital not only has gone to efficient new generation, but it’s gone to modern air quality controls. So, our customers are now paying in their current rates for the air quality controls and the improvement in the environment that the EPA is actually trying to mandate now nationwide. So, as the EPA rules continue to be enforced, by 2015 or 2016 as other companies either have to invest significant capital and probably capital per unit of capacity at a higher cost than ours or retire capacity, their costs are going to go up and up at a much faster rate than ours. So, I believe if you think about Wayne Gretzky and his comment was always I want to know where the puck is going, instead of where the puck is today. Where the puck is going is that we will look increasingly competitive over the course of the next five years and we are very pleased about that.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Last question O&M flexibility, when you look out at your O&M budget for the next 12 to 24 months, you guys have been among the best in the industry at managing O&M costs over the last few years. Just curious about your ability to continue implementing O&M cost cutting or cost management going forward?
Gale Klappa: Well, I am very positive on our ability to continue to control our O&M cost. Actually, the two biggest drivers right now of our cost pressure really are putting into rates the $1.6 billion of capital investment for the project that I mentioned during the early part of the conference call. And so our single biggest pressure really is recovering the cost of that capital that we have invested for our customers. We are also seeing higher healthcare costs as every company is seeing, but 7% to 10% inflation on healthcare costs is not atypical for us. Those two items obviously are significant, but overall our managers are very focused on productivity. We are a far more productive company than we were eight or nine years ago and I think we can and will continue to be.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thank you guys. Much appreciated, and Rick once again congratulations.
Rick Kuester: Thanks a lot Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll Jay, how are you?
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  Very well, Gale, and Rick congratulations.
Rick Kuester: Thanks Jay.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Hey, Gale. I was hoping you could put a little context around some of your prepared remarks regarding new service connections, you’ve put them in somewhat stark numbers versus year ago new service connections, but I thought maybe you could help us understand what they mean versus sort of current customer count, so we might sort of drive to what that’s exactly doing on customer account and hence it’s run through sales?
Gale Klappa: Now, I’d be happy to. And let me back up and maybe give you in a little more context. Before the recession hit in late 2008 and 2009, we were historically seeing here maybe 1% somewhere between 0.75% and 1.25% customer growth. During the recession that growth slowed to a crawl. We never went negative on customer growth as some utilities did, but obviously that growth slowed to a crawl. Now, we’re beginning to see a slight acceleration, and so the numbers I gave you the percentage increases, we’re really seeing about a 0.3% to 0.35% increase in customer growth. Again, compared to normal, that’s fairly anemic. But compared to where we were during the years of the recession, it’s a nice rebound. And the other thing I think that’s important here is that Wisconsin has really come through the recession in better shape than many states. Our unemployment rate here never got anywhere near double digits. As I mentioned in the earlier part of the call, the current unemployment rate is around 6.8% to 7% depending upon which month in the second quarter you look at. And we’re seeing some commercial growth beginning again, particularly in the Milwaukee region, which I’m encouraged about. We’re seeing new shopping centers, there is a new proposal for a major downtown skyscraper, that is just being vetted here in Milwaukee County. So, underlying we’re starting to see a nascent pickup in terms of customer growth and economic activity, does that help, Jay?
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That helps a lot. Thanks Gale. And maybe Rick, then on the revised guidance, I just sort of wanted to maybe really understand what’s in the number. So, I guess, by the old guidance you’re raising by $0.03 to $0.04 and citing that is weather. If I look at the first six months of 2012, we’re down about $0.08. But I think that’s versus a year ago, so maybe put that in context versus normal, so we can sort of understand what you’re assuming in the second half of the year for weather?
Rick Kuester: We’re assuming normal weather in the second half of the year except for – have factored in a warm July. So, from a weather standpoint, normal weather from August on.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Normal weather from August on, okay. Perfect.
Gale Klappa: As Rick said, I mean, it's clearly been a very warm July and we have a fairly good sense that we will have a strong July earnings growth. So, we decided to factor it in.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: No. That’s perfect. And then last one, on the wind farm acquisition, Gale, are there opportunities like that, maybe just sort of walk through how that came together and what the sort of magic sauce is that makes that work from both a customer and investor standpoint. And then are there other opportunities in the state to do something similar?
Gale Klappa: Well, let’s see Rick and I can both answer that, Rick was our lead negotiator with NextEra on the purchase of the Montfort Wind Energy Center. I think essentially for us and looking at that acquisition from our standpoint. We had a long-term power purchase agreement I think it expires in 2026, Rick…
Rick Kuester: That’s correct.
Gale Klappa: With NextEra taking 85% of the output from that wind farm, the other 15% is already covered under PPA with another Wisconsin utility. And our view was at the right price we could approach the Wisconsin Commission seeking approval to in essence purchase the site, purchase the wind farm, put the $27 million in rate base. And the key was could we show definitively a customer benefit. At $27 million in rate base compared to a power purchase agreement, we can definitely show our customer benefit. Rick?
Rick Kuester: We’ve been taking power out of that wind farm for about 10 years Jay and PTCs basically run out and as we looked at it in our cost of capital and the benefits to customers not only between now and 2026 but beyond 2026, because we will continue to have renewable Rec needs just we were able to get to an agreement with NextEra that made sense for both parties, makes sense for customers, make sense for our shareholders too.
Gale Klappa: As far as any other opportunities, we do have one other major power purchase agreement and that’s energy coming from a combined cycle plant a natural gas, combined cycle plant called Whitewater. That one is a little bit more difficult in terms of thinking about a purchase and inserting that into rate base, more difficult simply because of the ownership structure a private equity firm owns a significant interest I think a Japanese utility owns another interest. There are some complexities related to the debt financing on that particular plant, so we don't see a near-term opportunity there, I think Rick and I both feel like long-term we are probably the natural owner of the Whitewater plant, but I would see that as long-term. In the course of the other potential opportunity, which we will know a lot more about in 2013 is whether or not there will be a piece of legislation that would authorize the privatization of power plants owned by the state of Wisconsin. There is obviously an election in November. The outcome of that election in terms of who and which party controls the assembly and the state Senate will obviously have an impact on whether that legislation will proceed, but we think that’s a 2013 issue and a 2013 potential in terms of legislation.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That’s great. Thanks for the insight, Gale.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with Morningstar.
Andy Bischof – Morningstar:  Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Hi Andy, how are you?
Andy Bischof – Morningstar: Good. Gale, you just spoke to the political environment that is kind of settling down, you spoke to the state divestitures, could you speak to any change in renewable mandates you see going forward?
Gale Klappa: I’ll be happy to give you my view. And I think the short answer is we really don’t see any changes in the renewable mandates going forward. There is no momentum and no one has proposed really to rollback the standards. There is also, I don’t believe any momentum to increase the standards. So, our sense is that for a number of years to come, the renewable mandate will stay in place as is. Recall one thing though, the mandate sets this baseline and we need to get statewide to a 10% renewable sources by 2015 10% of retail sales, but that 10% threshold stays in place for each year going forward after 2015. So, if sales grow, if customer demand grows, then there is also growth in the component that would have to come from renewables.
Rick Kuester: And also the – we are meeting that by a combination of investments, which is in wind farms like Glacier Hills, and also short-term purchases of typically five years or so which roll off. So, in addition to sales growth, we’ll have some short-term purchases rollout over the next few years?
Gale Klappa: It’s very good point, Rick.
Andy Bischof – Morningstar: That helps tremendously, and one quick question regarding month or own, you expect that be in rate base?
Gale Klappa: Well, we are asking the commission for approval during the second half of 2012. We would hope to close the transaction right at the end of 2012, and if that’s the case it would be in rate base for 2013.
Andy Bischof – Morningstar: Great, thanks so very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Levy with Avon Capital Advisors.
Gale Klappa: Andy, how are you today?
Andy Levy – Avon Capital Advisors: Good, thank you. Actually, I’m all said. Rick, good luck as only known you two plus decades, but enjoying that?
Gale Klappa: You can be that…
Andy Levy – Avon Capital Advisors: Yeah, unfortunately, we are all getting up there. I’ll get up there, but enjoy Rick.
Rick Kuester: Thanks.
Gale Klappa: Andy, I don’t know if you heard Rick, but you said it’s not the age of the miles.
Andy Levy – Avon Capital Advisors: Yes, yes.
Gale Klappa: Take care, Andy.
Andy Levy – Avon Capital Advisors: Yeah, take care.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Gale Klappa – Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, just one, we appreciate everyone being available and participating in the call today. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available on the Investor Relations’ hotline at 414-221-2592. Thanks everybody. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 02:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen Henderson – Manager, IR Gale Klappa – Chairman, President, CEO Frederick Kuester – EVP, CFO Allen Leverett – EVP Patrick Keyes – Treasurer, VP Stephen Dickson – VP, Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Kit Konolige – Konolige Research Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Jim von Riesemann – UBS Greg Gordon – ISI Group Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann James Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Andrew Bischof – Morningstar Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Vedula Murti – CDP Capital 
Operator:
Colleen Henderson:  Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s Conference Call to review 2012 first quarter results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it’s my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa:  Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we review the company’s 2012 first quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and Chief Executive of We Generation; Rick Kuester, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Martin, General Counsel; Pat Keyes, our Treasurer; and Steve Dickson, Controller. Susan, of course, was recently promoted to the General Counsel position. She succeeds Jim Fleming, who retired just a few weeks ago. Rick will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.74 a share for the first quarter of 2012. This compares with earnings of $0.72 a share for the first quarter of 2011. Weather of course both regionally and nationally was the big story in the opening quarter of 2012. For Wisconsin Energy, the warmest winter in 122 years drove down residential demand for natural gas by nearly 24% compared to last year’s first quarter. As you’ll recall, sharply lower demand for natural gas prompted us to revise our first quarter earnings guidance on March 29. At the same time, we also reaffirmed our full year forecast. Now, although the weather was a dominant factor in our first quarter results, there were several bright spots that I’d like to briefly touch on. First, we had a positive swing of $17 million from the recovery of fuel costs in the quarter compared with the first quarter of 2011. We also recorded significantly lower operation and maintenance costs. That’s largely because of the one-year holiday on regulatory amortizations approved by the Wisconsin Commission in the order that froze our base rates for 2012. We also had lower interest costs and there was an uptick in electric sales to our largest customers. Turning now to the economy. Wisconsin’s unemployment rate at 6.8% in March, remains well below the national average. And as I mentioned, electric sales to our large commercial and industrial customers rose by 3% in the first quarter of 2012. The sector is showing particular strength in the past quarter include iron ore mining, heavy equipment manufacturing, and for the first time since the recession, the producers of rubber and plastic products. We’re also seeing a rebound in new customer connections. Compared to the low level of activity during the recession, electric customer connections were up 29% and connections of new natural gas customers rose by 33% over the 12-months ended March. On the construction front, we have two major projects underway, the 50-megawatt biomass plant in Northern Wisconsin and the air quality control upgrade at the original Oak Creek units. We’re making excellent progress on the biomass plant in Northern Wisconsin. We’ve already topped out the structural steel for the boiler and the steel structure for the turbine and fuel storage buildings are now 90% complete. Construction of the cooling tower is underway as well as excavation work for the auxiliary boiler. As I’ve noted before, the biomass plant will help us diversify our portfolio of renewable energy. We’ll be able to dispatch the unit in the efficient technology that will produce steam for the operating paper mill of the site will clearly enhance the economics of the project. Our investment of the biomass plant is expected to total between $245 million and $255 million excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We’re on schedule and on budget and meet the completion date by the end of 2013. Of course, the biomass project and Glacier Hills Wind Park that we completed late last year are key components that will help us meet Wisconsin’s renewable portfolio standard for the year 2015. To refresh your memory, the standard calls for an increase in the amount of electricity delivered from renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each Wisconsin utility using an historical baseline. Using that baseline approximately 8.27% of our retail sales of electricity must come from renewable sources in the year 2015. When we complete the biomass project, we’ll be well positioned to meet that 2015 standard. I should point out, however, that we expect to deplete our bank of renewable credits and as a result, we expect to need additional credits or additional renewable generation in the year 2017. Finally, we’re in the last stages of completing the air quality control upgrade for the older coal-fired units at our Oak Creek site. The four older units at Oak Creek are still among the most efficient base load units in the Midwest. So the economic solution for our customers was to invest approximately $900 million, including allowance for funds used during construction for the installation of wet scrubbers and selective catalytic reduction facilities. This is the second largest construction project in the company’s history and I’m pleased to report that the wet scrubber and the selective catalytic reduction equipment for Units 5 and 6 at Oak Creek were placed into commercial service on March 3. This state-of-the-art equipment is performing well. It’s performing as we expected and we’re meeting or exceeding all of the applicable emission standards. For Units 7 and 8 at Oak Creek, we’re now focused on initial tuning and testing of the new air quality controls. We’re targeting an in-service date for the Unit 7 and 8 controls later this summer and we remain on budget for the project. Now I’d like to spend just a moment on the impact we’re seeing from the current conditions in the coal and natural gas markets. As all of you know, natural gas prices are at extremely low levels. At this point, spot prices are about $2.35 per million Btu and forward prices for the summer are in the $2.35 to $2.55 per million Btu range. This is clearly influencing locational marginal prices in the MISO market. But over the years, the key to successfully serving customers at competitive prices has been fuel diversity, and fuel diversity was the major focus of our Power of the Future plan. You may remember that the plan called for the retirement of nearly 600 megawatts of older less efficient coal-fired capacity. At the same time, the new capacity that we added was almost equally balanced between natural gas and coal. Of the approximately 2,200 megawatts that we built in the past decade, 1,090 megawatts was natural gas fired combined cycle capacity and 1,056 megawatts was highly efficient pulverized coal capacity. Another important point. About 80% of the coal that we use is Powder River Basin sub-bituminous coal. Although the new Oak Creek expansion units are currently fueled with bituminous coal, we’re seeking the flexibility to burn blends of bituminous and sub-bituminous coal there in the future. Overall, we’re projecting to burn just under 9 million tons of coal this year versus 10.7 million tons in 2011. We’ll achieve this reduction by carrying out planned burns, maximizing the use of storage and working with our coal suppliers to defer, buy out or renegotiate several existing contracts. Natural gas will take up the slack. Our natural gas burn is expected to nearly double from 28.5 Bcf last year to 50 Bcf this year. In fact, our natural gas units at Port Washington operated at about a 60% capacity factor in the first quarter of this year. The Port Washington units are essentially now being dispatched in the MISO market as baseload units. So overall, I believe we’re well positioned to adjust as the markets for coal and natural gas continue to evolve and for calendar year 2012, we expect to fully recover our fuel costs. Now I’ll briefly review where we stand on the regulatory fronts in both Wisconsin and Michigan. As you may recall, our electric customers in Wisconsin are seeing no increase in base rates during 2012. We developed a creative approach to push off for a year an increase in base rates as the economy continues to recover here. Looking ahead, we have filed a rate request with the Wisconsin Commission, seeking an increase for electric and steam customers for 2013 and 2014 and a decrease in base rates for our natural gas customers in 2013. The base rate adjustments we’re seeking are driven by approximately $1.6 billion of capital investments that the Commission previously approved, the strength and reliability to meet environmental requirements and to comply with Wisconsin’s renewable energy mandate. Projects previously approved by the Commission include the air quality control system for the older units at Oak Creek, the Glacier Hills Wind Park, the biomass facility in Northern Wisconsin and the Oak Creek expansion units. Our proposal in this particular rate case includes using a federal grant that we expect to receive for our biomass facility. After applying this cash grant, the result would be a net customer bill impact of a 3.6% increase in 2013 and another 3.6% in 2014. Our filing also includes an estimate of fuel costs for 2013, but that’s simply a placeholder at this point because our fuel cost projections will be updated and finalized later this year. On the natural gas distribution front, we proposed a decrease in the base rates for customers of our two gas distribution utilities in the year 2013. We’re seeking a 2.3% decrease for Wisconsin Gas customers and a 0.2% decrease for Wisconsin Electric Gas customers. For 2014, we’re proposing the base rates then remain flat. For our steam utility, we filed for an increase in 2013 of approximately 6% for our downtown Milwaukee customers and approximately 7% for our Milwaukee County customers. In 2014, our proposal calls for an increase of 6% for both of those customer groups. We expect the Wisconsin Commission to hold technical hearings on our requests later this year and to issue orders before the end of 2012. We’ve requested that the new rates go into effect at the start of 2013 and 2014 respectively. We’ll keep you updated as developments unfold. Turning now to our Michigan operations. You’ll recall that in July of 2011, we filed a request with the Michigan Public Service Commission for an annual rate increase of $17.5 million. We’re seeking to recover from Michigan customers their pro rata share of renewable generation, environmental controls and costs associated with the second expansion unit at Oak Creek. In late December, the Commission decided or directed, I should say, the company to self-implement a $5.7 million rate increase that took effect on January 5, 2012. The Commission’s directive also authorized the company to implement a $2.7 million credit of the proceeds we received from a settlement with the Department of Energy. Applying the credit, the net effect of the interim rate increase is $3 million or about 1.7%. We expect the Michigan Commission to rule on our entire request by July 5 of this year. In addition, approximately $2 million of renewable costs were included in our Michigan fuel recovery rate and that was effective January 1 of this year. So the total self-implementation was $7.7 million annually. Switching gears now, a quick reminder that our board has authorized a share repurchase plan scheduled to run through the end of 2013 that calls for us to buy back up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. No purchases were made under the plan in the first quarter of this year. Through today, we have repurchased approximately 3.2 million shares at a cost of $100 million. That equates to an average purchase price of $30.79 a share. And as we previously announced, our board has adopted a dividend policy that calls for us to reach a 60% payout ratio in the year 2014. This policy should support double-digit growth in the dividend in both 2013 and 2014 as we work to achieve a payout ratio that is more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector. We took another major step forward in January by approving a dividend increase of 15% bringing our new dividend rate for 2012 to $1.20 a share. And finally, I’d like to briefly discuss the investment opportunities we have in our core business. Our latest capital budget calls for spending $3.5 billion over the five-year period 2012 through 2016. In our 2012 through 2016 budget, the nature of our capital investments is shifting, shifting away from an emphasis on generation involving high profile projects such as our Power of the Future units, renewable generation and large air quality controls. Instead, our capital plan is primarily comprised of many smaller projects that will upgrade our aging distribution infrastructure. The building blocks of our delivery business, pipes, polls, wires, transformers. The primary risks associated with these projects, developmental, legal, regulatory, construction, are naturally more manageable given the smaller scale and scope of the distribution work. But this work is no less valuable or important than the mega projects we’ve just completed. Our focus on upgrading and renewing our distribution facilities is essential for maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest. So in summary, as we look back at the first quarter, our customers enjoyed basking in Miami-like weather in January, February, and March and we continue to make solid progress on our financial and operational goals. Now before I turn the call over to Rick, I’m pleased to share with you one more piece of good news. For the fifth year in a row, Wisconsin Energy was named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens in the United States by Corporate Responsibility Magazine. On that note, here’s our Chief Financial Officer and a darn fine citizen in his own right, Rick Kuester. Rick?
Frederick Kuester:  Thanks, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our 2012 first quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.74 a share compared to $0.72 a share in 2011. You will notice that our net income increased by just over $1 million. However, earnings per share increased by $0.02. This increase reflects the impact of our share repurchase program, which began in 2011. We estimate that the share repurchases we completed in 2011 will boost our earnings for the full-year 2012 by $0.03 per share. Now as we take a closer look at the numbers, I will focus on the earnings drivers at the operating income level by business segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows in the quarter. Our consolidated operating income in the first quarter of 2012 was $296 million, which was the same as first quarter of 2011. Starting with Utility Energy segment, you will see that operating income totaled $209 million, a decrease of $4 million versus 2011. The most significant factor in the quarter was the record warmth that we experienced. The quarter ended with slightly cooler temperatures during the last three days, which help boost us to $0.20 – excuse me to $0.74 a share. We estimate that our electric and gas margins were reduced by $49 million as compared to last year and $34 million as compared to normal weather. Partially offsetting the impact of weather were our collections on fuel, which improved by $17 million as compared to 2011 and a reduction in our O&M costs of $25 million at the utility level. We had favorable first quarter fuel recoveries because our fuel filing request was approved on January 5 of this year. Last year, our fuel filing request was not approved until late April. The reduction in O&M cost is related to the one-year amortization holiday of certain regulatory assets. As you will remember from prior calls, last year we reached an agreement with the Wisconsin Commission that allowed us to freeze base electric rates in 2012. One of the provisions in the agreement was the ability to stop the amortization of approximately $148 million associated with regulatory assets. This action will reduce O&M by $148 million during 2012, which will flow evenly through the year. This agreement was designed to help our customers afford price increases in this economy and allow shareholders to earn returns on the capital projects that Gale discussed earlier. Operating income in the Non-Utility Energy segment, which consists primarily of the Power the Future units was up by $4 million. Unit 2 at Oak Creek was placed in service on January 12, 2011 so we realized a full quarter’s earnings on the unit in 2012. Last year, we only realized a partial quarter’s earnings on Unit 2. In addition, we finalized the depreciable loss of these units, which had a slight positive impact on earnings. The increased earnings in the Non-Utility segment offset the reduced earnings from the Utility. Our corporate and other segment were also unchanged from the prior year, which gets us back to level consolidated operating income. During the first quarter of 2012, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company increased just slightly over 2011. Our other income increased slightly because of higher AFUDC associated with the air quality control project and the biomass project. Net interest expense decreased by $4 million. We saw a reduction in our gross interest expense as we retired $450 million in holding company debt in April 2011. Consolidated income tax expense rose by approximately $7 million because of higher pre-tax earnings and a higher effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2012 is expected to be between 35.5% and 36.5%. Combining all of these items brings you to $172 million of net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2012 or earnings of $0.74 per share. During the quarter, we generated $361 million of funds from operations, which is a $7 million increase from the same period in 2011. This year’s cash flows were helped because no contributions were needed for our qualified benefit plans. Those plans are fully funded. In the first quarter of last year, we contributed $122 million to our qualified plans. This item was offset by several smaller charges, including a reduction in regulatory amortizations of $37 million associated with the amortization holiday discussed previously. Our total capital expenditures increased by approximately $7 million in the first quarter of 2012 as compared to the first quarter of 2011. We saw increased expenditures associated with the biomass plant and within our coal utility operations. The warm weather did allow us to get a head start for the year on our capital projects. We also paid $69 million in common dividends in the first quarter of 2012, which was $8 million greater than the same period last year. As Gale mentioned, the first quarter dividends equate to an annual dividend of $1.20 per share, which is a 15% increase over the prior year’s annual dividend of $1.04 per share. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 53.3% as of March 31, 2012. Our adjusted calculations treat half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is consistent with past presentation. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401-K plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As shown in the earnings package on our website, our actual first quarter 2012 retail sales of electricity decreased by 1% as compared to the same quarter a year ago. On a weather-normalized basis, first quarter 2012 retail electric sales were up 1.1%. Excluding the mines, normalized first quarter sales increased by 0.3%. As you recall, we had two customers that are utilizing their own self-generation in 2012. Adjusting for these customers and the mines on a normalized basis, we saw retail sales grow by 0.6%. Overall, these results were in line with our 2012 sales forecast. As we look at our natural gas sales, we saw retail sales decrease almost 24% during the first quarter of 2012 as compared to the first quarter of 2011 due to the warm winter. Excluding the effects of weather, our natural gas sales are in line with our annual forecasts. Our 2012 earnings guidance remains the same as we what provided to you on our February conference call. We expect our earnings for 2012 to be in the range of $2.24 to $2.29 per share. While our first quarter earnings fell below our original guidance because of record warm weather, we have taken actions to control spending and we have seen lower fuel and purchased power cost driven by the low natural gas prices. In addition, our interest costs are projected to be lower than originally forecasted. Before I turn things back over to Gale, I would like to provide quarterly guidance. Factoring in lower sales in April due to weather, we estimate second quarter earnings will be in the $0.40 to $0.43 per share range. With that, I’ll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa:  Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator:  And now, we would like to take your questions. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with Konolige Research.
Gale Klappa:  Hi, Kit. Good afternoon.
Kit Konolige – Konolige Research:  Good afternoon to all you at Miami on Lake Michigan.
Gale Klappa:  There you go.
Kit Konolige – Konolige Research:  All right. Good for golf, right. So I think Rick you mentioned no issuance of shares. Can we extrapolate from the first quarter that there’s no share repurchases likely at the current stock price?
Frederick Kuester:  Well, Kit, I wouldn’t start extrapolating. I guess, I would back up and just say we – because of the free cash flow that we have, we’ve identified a number of uses for that cash. First and foremost is to reinvest in our business. Second, is to increase our dividend and as you’re aware we’ve accelerated our target to get to 60% by a year. So we’ll be there in 2014. Then we’re looking opportunistically at basically buying shares or reducing debt at the holding company. And we want to make good economic choices. We don’t want to sit on a bunch of cash. We’ve got a program that basically is authorized out through 2013 to buy back shares. And we will continue to look at that every quarter and just see what makes the most sense for shareholders.
Kit Konolige – Konolige Research:  Okay. Very good. Let me ask one more on sales. Can you give us any further color on – I mean, are you guys able to see whether it’s commercial versus residential that’s the kind of relative weakness as an offset to the somewhat improving industrial sales?
Gale Klappa:  Actually, Kit, because of the unusual weather in Q1, is way more than two standard deviations off norm. We all are a little bit skeptical of how effective the weather normalization techniques that the industry uses really are when you get that far off norm. So I wouldn’t put a lot of stock in the precision of the weather normalized first quarter numbers, but directionally they are correct and every one of the categories is up on a weather normalized basis. The one that seems to be at least for the first quarter lagging a little bit would be small commercial but that was not the case last year. So my sense is, when you look at the pickup in industrial demand and when you look at the pickup in the customer connections that I mentioned, we are seeing some stronger economic activity. Rick, anything to add?
Frederick Kuester:  I think you hit it, Gale.
Kit Konolige – Konolige Research:  Great. Thank you, guys.
Gale Klappa:  Thanks, Kit.
Frederick Kuester:  Thanks, Kit.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Gale Klappa:  How are you today, Paul?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Hey, how are you doing?
Gale Klappa:  We’re good.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Just to sort of follow-up on that. I mean I realized it’s more of an art than a science here. But just to make sure I understood this. It’s 0.3% was what the weather normalized sales growth was? Is that correct?
Gale Klappa:  Yeah. That’s excluding the mines.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Excluding the mines and with the mines it’s about 0.6%?
Gale Klappa:  I believe that’s correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay. And does that include leap year?
Gale Klappa:  Yes, it does include leap year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay. So it would actually be negative if we were to take out the effect of leap year, right?
Gale Klappa:  You could probably come to that conclusion. I wouldn’t necessarily think that’s a firm conclusion. Again, thinking about the deficiency of the technique, the weather normalization technique, when you have this kind of disparity in the weather. My own sense is we’re seeing a little bit stronger pickup particularly on the industrial side and my guess is we’re going to see a bit of a rebound if weather ever comes back to normal here on the commercial side because we did last year, commercial was stronger than we expected last year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay. And then the Prairie Ville I think it is and probably messing this up to Zion line that got approved?
Gale Klappa:  Pleasant Prairie to Zion.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Sorry. Pleasant Prairie to Zion. Could you guys give us any flavors to what you think that might do with respect to congestion and with respect to imports or exports into Illinois?
Gale Klappa:  Sure. We’ll ask Allen Leverett to give you his views since he represents us on the Board of American Transmission Company but let me just for everybody’s sake kind of clarify what Paul’s talking about. The Pleasant Prairie to Zion line is an important link to strengthen the transmission network and relieve some congestion between the very far southern chunk of the state of Wisconsin and Illinois. It’s only about a five-mile line, but an important additional interconnect. Allen?
Allen Leverett:  Yes. And, Paul, it’s a 345 kV segment, if you will. I would expect at this point that they would bring it in service in 2014. And effectively, what it will allow us to do, often we get in a situation right now where we have generation that you sort of think of it as being shut in, where you can’t – if you had no transmission constraint, you’d able to export much more to the south. So it’ll open that up a bit and should result in some savings for our customers. It’s hard to say, Paul, because you don’t know precisely what the situation will be on the transmission system, but I could easily see savings to our customers in say a $15 million to $20 million a year range.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay.
Allen Leverett:  From a fuel standpoint. So no earnings, certainly no earnings impact for us, but some nice savings we hope for our customers.
Gale Klappa:  And they would expect to complete both the Illinois and Wisconsin Commissions have now approved the construction of the line and they would expect to complete it before the end of 2013.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  So, good for customers and perhaps a little bit depressing to the power markets in Illinois, all things being equal?
Gale Klappa:  They’re depressed already.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Yeah, they are. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with UBS.
Gale Klappa:  Jim, how are you today?
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  I’m well. Thanks. How are you, guys?
Gale Klappa:  Glad you made it back from London. I was concerned for a while there.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  Question, two questions actually. The first one is, when you think about your story prospectively, are you a growth story or a yield story?
Gale Klappa:  I think we’re both. When you think about our risk-adjusted growth profile going forward of 4% to 6% as we’ve said, we think the risk-adjusted returns off that growth are very solid, and then certainly we have, for the next several years, what I would think would be one of, if not the best, dividend growth story in the industry.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  So let’s just – doing the math here, if you’re growing dividends at 10% a year and it’s now 2014, which is where you want to be a 60% payout ratio, you’re talking numbers in the 240 to 245 range, how do you get to that 4% to 6% growth going forward?
Gale Klappa:  Well, I think if you look at the $3.5 billion capital program that we’ve laid out for the period 2012 through 2016, you sprinkle in some opportunistic share buybacks under our share buyback authorization and you assume that we earn close to our allowed rates of return, that’s how we get there.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  Okay. Second question. I’ll follow up more offline with you on that. Second question is on the current state of the political affairs in Wisconsin. Can you give us an update on the Governor Walker recall campaign as well as the senate recall campaigns?
Gale Klappa:  Sure, I’d be happy to, Jim. Well, first of all, I think the good news is, the endless election cycle is about to come to an end for a while. The dates for the recall election process have been set and the first date is next week actually, when there will be a primary to determine the Democratic candidate who will run against Governor Walker in the recall election. Two candidates, well, two principal candidates, there are number of candidates but the two leading candidates on the Democratic side in the polls would be Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett and former Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk. So they probably will be the two largest vote getters on the Democratic side. Don’t know which will win but we’ll find out very soon. So one of those two candidates likely to face Governor Walker in the recall election and the date for that election has been set for June 5. So June 5 would be the recall election date. In that recall election, there will be a recall election for the governor’s office. There will be a recall election for the lieutenant governor’s office and there will be a recall election for four state senators. I think one interesting side note, really, the state legislature has adjourned for the year. So there’s no planned meetings between now and the next election, which should be in November. So there’s really no activity unless there’s some kind of special session that would fall out of the senate recall elections if I’m making any sense.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  You are. So in the senate recall election, if memory serves me correctly, if it’s a successful one, the balance of the power shifts from the Republicans to the Democrats, right?
Frederick Kuester:  It’s actually 16/16 now, Jim.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  Okay.
Gale Klappa:  If someone resigned, it’s tied now. So if the Republicans lost any seats in the senate recall elections, the balance of power would shift but from a practical standpoint unless there’s a special session. There is no power to – behind the shift.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  So – oops, sorry.
Frederick Kuester:  And the assembly is still solidly Republican.
Gale Klappa:  The assembly is still solidly Republican. And then there will be a normal election for state senate seats in November.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  Okay. How do you think under various circumstances the energy policy in the State of Wisconsin moves around? I mean, what’s the prospects for extending or killing renewables doing a state-owned generation sale, et cetera?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think there are probably two pivot points here. One is certainly on the issue you raised, which is renewables. Both of the Democratic candidates for governor have mentioned in their stump speeches that they would want to reemphasize construction of renewable generation particularly wind in Wisconsin. So in my judgment, we probably would see a movement back toward construction of additional renewables to a greater degree under a Democratic administration than under the current administration. On the other hand, I don’t believe any of the Democratic candidates for governor are supportive of privatizing the state-owned power plants.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks.
Gale Klappa:  Okay. Thank you, Jim. Good questions.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Gale Klappa:  Rock and roll, Greg. How are you?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group:  I’m great. How are you guys?
Gale Klappa:  We’re hanging in there. We’re doing fine.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group:  So just to circle back a little bit to the beginning of JVR’s question. So – and it dovetails with sort of the list of potential incremental rate base growth projects on Page 20 of your handout. As we look at your plan, you lay out some very clear building blocks that look like all things equal, they get you to at a minimum – at a bare minimum the low end of your earnings growth aspiration. Is it fair to presume that if you were able to bring any of these sort of six different options to the finish line in lieu of incremental buybacks that that would – that’s what kind of pushes you to the high end of the growth rate?
Gale Klappa:  Well, as Rick said, priority one is investing in the core business. So if we find that these have to be real projects with real value to customers and shareholders, and if we find those projects, that’s where we will focus our investment opportunity.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group:  But they’re not in your base case. These are sort of things that are – it could be incremental if they’re deemed to be in the best interest of customers, but they’re not currently in the base case?
Gale Klappa:  Well, for example, the first one on Page 20, investing in fuel blending at the new Oak Creek coal units, I believe that’s not a big investment, but it is certainly is in our base case.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group:  Okay.
Gale Klappa:  Renewable energy beyond 2016 is not additional investment beyond what we have identified in the ageing gas and electric distribution infrastructure. It is not future EPA rules, beyond the ones we’re aware of is not and certainly divestiture of the energy assets by the State of Wisconsin is not. So the majority of them, Greg, are not.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group:  Okay. I just wanted to be clear what you guys were counting on versus not counting on in the plan. Thank you.
Gale Klappa:  Does that help?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group:  Yes. Very much so.
Gale Klappa:  Great. Thank you, Greg.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale Klappa:  How’s it going, Michael?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  I’m okay, Gale, yourself?
Gale Klappa:  We’re doing well.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Good to hear. A couple of questions and this maybe an Allen question. Thinking about the ATC CapEx forecast for the next few years. Just curious, why the downward trajectory?
Gale Klappa:  Allen is looking at a page right now in front of him.
Allen Leverett:  Well, this doesn’t have the capital. But in terms of the capital projection, I think that they finished a number of pretty large projects, Michael, and as you know, the transmission investments are pretty lumpy. So they finished those big projects and now the sort of next big projects that are on the horizon, you probably heard them talk about the – or heard us talk about Madison-LaCrosse. That’s a big 345 kV line east west. So that’s really the next big project that’s out there. And then you have to go to 2015, 2016 to sort of see another really big round of projects. So I think, at this point, strictly because of the lumpiness of the investments.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  So is it pretty safe to assume that, I mean, kind of the $38 million to $40 million a year rate base growth. So you get a little bit of earnings growth contribution out of ATC longer term. Is ATC up year-over-year? Like when I think about your 2012 guidance, is ATC’s contribution higher in 2012 than 2011? It was relatively flat in the first quarter, so I just want to kind of check through that.
Gale Klappa:  Up slightly in 2012 over 2011, but I think to Allen’s point, Michael, maybe there’s a couple of time differentiators that we can do to here, because clearly, ATC has announced about a $4 billion capital plan over the next 10 years. That’s materially larger than their last 10. But as Allen pointed out, they’re coming off completing very significant various investments. They have a bit of, from that standpoint, a bit of a lower capital spend in the next four or five years, and then it ramps us materially again because of the lumpiness and the time it takes to site and construct.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Two last -
Frederick Kuester:  One last thing on the ATC earnings, Michael, they are in line, over the next five years, they are in line with our 4% to 6% growth rate. So they support that growth rate. And then they actually tick up after that because of the backend loading of the capital budget.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Got it. So ATC growth is similar to core utility growth?
Gale Klappa:  Over the next several years and then higher.
Frederick Kuester:  And then goes higher.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Okay. One or two other items. Balance sheet plans for this year, when you think about kind of what’s embedded in guidance for total debt issuances versus retirements 2012 relative to where you’ve ended 2011. Can you just kind of give us some insight there of what’s embedded in your guidance level?
Gale Klappa:  Yeah. We’ll be happy to and then Pat or Rick can certainly add to anything that I’ve got to offer here but we don’t have any real maturities coming due in 2012. That’s for starters. We did, in our capital plan assume a bond offering at Wisconsin Electric for in the neighborhood of $250 million for at some point this year, which we have not yet finally determined that date.
Patrick Keyes:  Yeah, that’s right.
Gale Klappa:  But basically, that’s about it.
Patrick Keyes:  Yeah, that’s right, Gale. And Michael, this is Pat. I can just add that that net net at the end of 2012 we’ll be up slightly in a total debt that we were over 2011 and that’s just to fund all the things that Rick just walked through.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  And that assumes no early retirements of holdco debt?
Patrick Keyes:  That is correct.
Gale Klappa:  That is correct.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Last item. You’re benefiting from – and I’d love if you could just kind of repeat a little bit, you’ve talked about this prior – from significant cash inflows related to deferred taxes. You got a big cash inflow I think earlier in the first quarter. Can you just talk about that in terms of what’s embedded in that kind of cash flow statement item in 2012 in your guidance level for 2012? And then how should we think about what happens longer term?
Gale Klappa:  Let me first, Michael, talk about the longer term and I think probably the best way to capsulize it is that based on our projections, we expect to have approximately $600 million of free cash flow over the period 2012 through 2016. And our definition of free cash flow would be after capital spending and after dividends. So after capital spending and after dividends, about $600 million of free cash between now and 2016. Frankly, the year-to-year breakdown is kind of immaterial here because it depends upon the level of capital spending and the timing of capital spending in any given year. So I think probably our best explanation to you is just that, the 2012 through 2016, approximately $600 million.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Can you also talk about the deferred tax benefit in 2012 because I know there was a – I thought there was a big cash inflow expected in the first quarter related to some of the new Oak Creek units. I just want to make sure I’m kind of following the cash flows this year correctly.
Gale Klappa:  Certainly, I know what you’re talking about. We’ll let Steve Dickson mention this to you but the influx of cash I don’t believe is a first quarter event here. Stephen Dickson No. It’s tied to our timing of periodic payments. And basically, as we’ve disclosed in the 10-K is we do not expect to pay federal income taxes this year because of the benefits that we got in depreciation in prior years. So there’s no slug of cash coming in. It’s more of not having to make estimated payments.
Frederick Kuester:  What you might be thinking about, Michael, in the first quarter we announced that we received the private letter ruling from the IRS in December of last year that basically confirmed that accelerated depreciation could be applied to the expansion units, the coal expansion units at Oak Creek site. And there was $285 million cash – it’s basically a timing benefit by the end of 2014 associated with that PLR.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  And so that’s different than the bonus depreciation or that’s all tied together?
Gale Klappa:  Well, it is a form of bonus depreciation.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Right.
Gale Klappa:  But the difference is this particular Private Letter Ruling that Rick just mentioned applies to WE Power and not to utility. So it does not, in essence reduce rate base growth.
Frederick Kuester:  We had previously announced bonus depreciation benefits that went to reduce rate base on our large air quality control projects and renewable projects as a result of the law that was passed and signed by the President, I think in December 2010. So kind of two announcement, one dealt with regulated business and then we got the PLR that dealt with the non-regulated business and we announced that in the first quarter.
Gale Klappa:  Michael, I know you know this but just so that we don’t get descended upon by protesters saying we don’t pay federal taxes, this is a timing benefit. And the company will owe hundreds of millions of dollars of taxes in future years.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Understood. Understood. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated. I may follow-up offline afterwards.
Gale Klappa:  Very good. Thank you, Michael.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Gale Klappa:  Good afternoon, Brian. How are you?
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann:  Good, thank you. Actually, all of my questions have been asked and answered, thanks.
Gale Klappa:  All right. Take care, Brian.
Frederick Kuester:  Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Gale Klappa:  How are you doing today?
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  Very well, thanks. How are you?
Gale Klappa:  We’re well.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  Great. Couple of questions starting if I can with Rick. You mentioned the share repurchase would have an impact of $0.03 in fiscal year 2012 and I just wondered if there’s an underlying assumption in that or is that just simply the impact of what’s been completed to-date?
Frederick Kuester:  It’s what’s been completed to date, which was back in – last year. That’s the effect of that.
Gale Klappa:  $100 million purchased at an average price of $30.79.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  That’s great. And then, Gale, just revisiting an earlier question they took you through slide 20 of your recent slide deck. And what’s not in CapEx currently that you identified, were you to go forward with that, would reduce the share repurchase, right? So we shouldn’t really double count here. If your CapEx does rise, that will limit your ability to repurchase shares holding all things constant.
Gale Klappa:  You’re exactly right, Jay, that’s a very good point, and you are correct.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  That’s perfect. If we can then to switch to the Wisconsin rate case. I know a lot of your peers there in the state are filing rate cases; in fact, all to my recollection.
Gale Klappa:  We’ve got a lot of company, Jay.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  Exactly, sometimes that’s good, sometimes that’s bad. But in the context of that, I wanted to see, is there an opportunity to settle the current case. Yours is a little more complex than some of your peers, but just wanted to have your early read on the ability to settle it, if you could.
Gale Klappa:  Well, good question, Jay. I think first of all, the history in Wisconsin is not one of settlements. I don’t think actually there’s been a settled rate case in the nine years our team has been here for any of the Wisconsin utilities that I’m aware of. I think there may be one other utility that thinks they can come close to zero this year that might be able to do a settlement. So I wouldn’t say there’s a high probability of a settlement in the rate case. However, there is a lot of work going on by the Commission staff, by all of the utilities and by the intervener groups to try to narrow the issues that will be contested in the case. And from that standpoint, I think our case is very straightforward. I mentioned earlier, the case is really driven by about $1.6 billion of capital investment that was previously approved by the Commission that has come into service that is now serving customers is used and useful and we brought those projects in essentially on time and on budget. So that actually simplifies the case a tremendous amount. So I would say, in our case, there won’t be but about three or four, maximum five contested issues and the parties will nail down those issues in a prehearing conference starting on May 21.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  Okay. That is great. Thank you. And then last question, I guess, for Rick, but anyone can chime in. So regarding the guidance and you sort of indicated that the weather in the first quarter is weighing against you, things like O&M and fuel recoveries as well as lower interest cost will help you over the balance of the year. I wanted to talk about two of those items. O&M first, just what are our incremental opportunities from here as you continue to squeeze costs out? Is it it’s always there and we can just squeeze more? Or is it in fact a finite opportunity?
Gale Klappa:  Well, I’ll start. Rick, Pat, Allen can certainly chime in. The big driver in the O&M reduction this year, just to refresh everyone’s memory, is embedded in our rate order that froze electric rates for customers through 2012. Basically, we asked for and received permission to stop amortizing $148 million of regulatory assets over the course of 2012 and that order allows us to stop the amortization in equal quarterly increments. So for example, I think, the number this quarter was $37 million and people are nodding their head yes. So you can expect a comparable number when we report in terms of O&M reduction from that item when we report in Q2, Q3, and Q4. That’s the big driver this year. We’ve also asked all of our major business functions to operate at no O&M increase and in some cases, an O&M decrease for 2012. We’re on target with those initiatives. Rick?
Frederick Kuester:  Yeah. I would also say, Jay, that last year, we had a hot summer and we released some projects at the end of the year. For example, there was a major turbine rebuild that needed to be done. So some of those projects that are episodic in nature won’t be flowing through at the end of this year. So, there’ll be – you’ll see probably a more positive benefit from O&M in the second half of the year than you would in the first half of the year.
Gale Klappa:  Very good point.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  That’s great. Very helpful. And then the last question just on the lower fuel recoveries. I assume you have baked into that your concept of plan to burn, and I wouldn’t mind it if you sort of expanded upon that on just how you – there’s a couple of different definitions floating around of economic and planned burn when you’re talking to some of these coal burns. So if you would talk about that and then I assume that’s baked in here, but obviously as fuel costs change that may impact that. So, if you just can give us a little clarity on that.
Gale Klappa:  Sure, Jay. Very good question and let me just frame it and then we’ll let Allen provide you the details. What is baked into our guidance now for the remainder of the year is an assumption that we will fully recover our fuel costs. That there won’t be any reduction of earnings from a lack of recovery of fuel cost. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks related to our coal deliveries and our coal costs, we had a variety of initiatives underway ranging from planned burns to turn back of coal to some buyouts. Allen, I know we have ongoing discussions with the coal companies.
Allen Leverett:  Right. And, Jay, we talked – or Gale talked about in the script that we’re going to probably bring the burn from about 10.7 million tons last year to just under 9 million this year. And then Gale talked about the range of things we would do to try to achieve that. We’ll certainly try to pick the mix of those things that are best from an economic standpoint for our customers. My view right now is that we would be more heavily weighted to doing the defer buyout renegotiate route for existing contracts as opposed to the planned burn route or storage route. But we’ll just have to see kind of where the numbers take us. When we say planned burn though, Jay, what we mean by that is you basically would target a number of tons that you would want to burn and then given where we are right now, or at least where we’re forecasted to be with location and marginal prices, we would actually discount our offer in the market. So we would discount the offer that we would put in for that unit when we put it in to MISO into the day ahead market so that we’d get enough run time to burn through much coal. So you’d actually be discounting, if you will, your offer price in order to achieve a certain level of burn. I’m making sense.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  No. That makes a lot of sense and I appreciate that. Just on the point you offered Allen, if you were to work on renegotiating the contract assuming economic principles prevail, that would essentially just be pushing out the impact into future years.
Allen Leverett:  Not necessarily.
Gale Klappa:  Not necessarily. No.
Allen Leverett:  In some cases, it could be a push-out of deliveries. In other cases, it might just be well, you just pay liquidated damages and you just turn back the deliveries completely and you’re not committed to taking that delivery in a future period. So it could be a mix of those two.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  Hey. That’s great. Thanks so much for the clarity. I really appreciate it.
Gale Klappa:  You’re welcome. Good questions.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Bischof with Morningstar.
Gale Klappa:  Good afternoon, Andy.
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar:  Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my call.
Gale Klappa:  You’re welcome. How are you doing today?
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar:  Good. How are you?
Gale Klappa:  We’re well.
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar:  Just one remaining question. You kind of highlighted your distribution investments. If you can maybe provide some clarity on your discussions with state regulators and any insight on your ability to get pre-approval for those projects.
Gale Klappa:  Certainly. Let me first say that there is a what we call a CA process, the construction authority process that has been practiced by the Wisconsin Commission going back decades and decades. So if you have a distribution project that, I believe guys the number is $10 million, now they just raised it on the electric side. So let’s just take electric as an example here. If you have a distribution project, capital project to improve or upgrade or rehab a part of the network that costs $10 million or more, you must seek authority and pre-approval from the Wisconsin Commission staff. So we will have literally over the course of the next five years hundreds of these applications that will go the Wisconsin Commission staff and hundreds may be stretching it because it may not all individually come to $10 million, but we will have a significant number of these pre-approval requests. The requests are very thoroughly done. They document the rationale for why the upgrade is needed. And in our case, all of these relate to maintaining the reliability of the network and replacing aging infrastructure. Let me give you just a couple of examples. Between now and 2016, we would plan to rebuild 2,500 miles of electric distribution lines that today are more than 50 years old. We would plan to replace about 28,000 power poles, about 28,000 transformers that are beyond their design life and literally hundreds of substation components and that’s on the electric side of the business. On the natural gas side of the business, again, between now and 2016, we would plan to replace 1,250 miles of fiberglass, plastic and steel gas mains. We would plan to replace about 83,000 individual gas distribution lines and almost a quarter of a million meter sets on the natural gas distribution side of the business. So that just gives you some flavor of the kinds of projects. Anything under $10 million, we would not necessarily seek pre-approval for, $10 million or above on the electric side, we would. And I might add that in the history of this Commission, if they pre-approve a project and you bring it in on time and on budget, they have never denied cost recovery.
Frederick Kuester:  While a lot of those project may not get pre-approval, they will be in our rate case that we file with our two-year forward-looking (inaudible).
Gale Klappa:  Exactly.
Frederick Kuester:  Window, so.
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar:  Okay. I appreciate that. And I’m assuming they share your need of the distribution investments going forward?
Gale Klappa:  The they share our concerns?
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar:  Yes.
Gale Klappa:  Any time that you demonstrate a need to maintain reliability, it’s generally well received. The Commission certainly understands the importance for a reliable network.
Andrew Bischof – Morningstar:  I appreciate the questions.
Gale Klappa:  You’re welcome.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Gale Klappa:  Good afternoon, Paul.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Good afternoon. First of all, what was the absolute fuel recovery as opposed to the year-over-year?
Gale Klappa:  Absolute fuel recovery I believe was $17.5 million.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  So last year, was it just about flat, neutral?
Gale Klappa:  I’m sorry?
Gale Klappa:  Yeah.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Last year was – you just about broke even on it.
Gale Klappa:  The first quarter was about level, about even.
Allen Leverett:  Right.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  And then second question is I think it’s Presque Isle has transmission constraints that could be an opportunity.
Gale Klappa:  Yes, but the entire – and I’ll let Allen give you the details but there is a northern plan that American Transmission Company has proposed. The northern third of Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan have historically had weak transmission infrastructure. There’s been some investment already. But clearly, when we look at the future, there is no question that there has to be additional transmission, particularly for, again, at the northern chunk of Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to maintain reliability. Allen?
Allen Leverett:  Yeah. I think, Paul, Gale may have mentioned earlier that ATC’s 10-year plan would call – within their footprint, which includes the UP of Michigan as well as Wisconsin, calls for $4 billion worth of capital spending. Roughly a quarter of that $4 billion is to address these issues that you and Gale were alluding to in the UP of Michigan.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Is that – what’s the sense of urgency? Is that something that could be taken up earlier?
Allen Leverett:  Well, certainly, stepping back, we have an issue right now, even with the Presque Isle facility there. So there’s certainly a set of improvements that I think are quite urgent and should be pursued now. And ATC is seeking to get out-of-cycle review with MISO on those projects. I would say, Paul, roughly, that’s probably $250 million worth of projects. It’s that kind of zip code. But then the rest of them would be over a period of time. Now, there are as you would expect, there are competing proposals, if you will. So I’m sure that ITC would like to build some facilities up from the Lower Peninsula to the Upper Peninsula. So I mean there are competing proposals out there but there’s some of this that really needs to be done in the short term even with the Presque Isle plant there.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  What do you define as short term?
Allen Leverett:  Well, if we get out-of-cycle review, I would say at latest they would get review by end of this year on those early stage projects. And then I would say if they got approval, Paul, those projects would probably be in place in the 2017 timeframe.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Okay. And switching gears, you talk about $148 million amortization holiday, $37 million per quarter but O&M only improved $25 million. Is that $12 million delta what we can expect for the balance of the year kind of on a quarterly basis?
Gale Klappa:  No. Again, as Rick pointed out to you, when you’re comparing quarter-to-quarter this year versus last year, we’re going to see from the initiatives we have in place and from some of the projects that were one-time only projects in the fourth quarter of last year, you’re going to see an improvement in that direction in the second half of the year. Rick?
Frederick Kuester:  Yeah. One thing that caused O&M to tick up a little bit is we – because of the warm weather, we’ve got ahead on a number of our inspections, required inspections, in our regulated business side. And as I said earlier because of projects that we released at the end of last year, we’re going to see improvement year-over-year I think in the second half of the year from an O&M standpoint.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  And then lastly, any update on the ash ponds spill?
Gale Klappa:  Well that is – in terms of the – are you talking about the Oak Creek bluff?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Yes.
Gale Klappa:  Okay. Yes. Really the response was very efficient, very quick. And if you had gone to the site, this happened on Halloween, October 31, 2011. If you had gone to the site one month later, you would never have known that anything occurred. So we are – the response again was great. 95% of the coal ash and dirt that fell down the bluff stayed on our property. There was no harm to the aquatic environment. No harm to the lake and so we’re wrapping that up right now in discussions with the Department of Natural Resources and we would expect a full resolution certainly within the next few months.
Frederick Kuester:  And just one clarification. We don’t have any wet ash ponds, Paul. This was ash that was stored or land filled in a ravine back in the 1950s and 1960s when it was entirely okay to do that. And so it was one pocket of ash that basically let loose. And as Gale said, we were able to clean it up with 95% of it being taken to a landfill.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Thanks for the clarification.
Gale Klappa:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin.
Gale Klappa:  Dan, I assume that you’re following your normal pattern voting early and often.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Yeah, I am originally from Illinois.
Gale Klappa:  Yeah, well, be careful, you’ll ruin your fingernails doing those license plates I understand. How are you doing, Dan?
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Fine. How about you?
Gale Klappa:  Yeah, we’re fine. What can we do for you?
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  I have a couple of questions. First, you talked a little bit about the increase in customer connections and I was wondering how that compared to say pre-recession levels. And also is there – do you have any sense of whether any of that was pulled forward because of the good weather in the first quarter as far as household formation and that kind of thing?
Gale Klappa:  Good questions, Dan. First of all how does this uptick that we’re talking about compare to pre-recession levels. Still well below pre-recession levels. Probably less than half of pre-recession levels at this stage of the game, but encouraging. And in your second question about did the warm spring weather pull forward these connections. Perhaps to some degree on electric side, however, the biggest percentage of increase was actually in natural gas connections. And there I think what we’re benefiting from is the comparison of heating your home or your business today with natural gas compared for example to propane or oil. The cost differential has become very significant for customers. So I don’t think on the natural gas side with the 33% increase in natural gas connections over the past 12 months compared to the 12-months ended Q1 2011, I don’t think that’s weather. I think that’s customers responding rationally to pricing. On the electric side, maybe some but again we’re just beginning to see a little more stirring of economic activity. Not robust. Not back to where it was pre-recession, but encouraging.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  How does what you saw compare to what you assumed in your plan for 2012? What was your assumption for customer connections?
Gale Klappa:  We don’t have that number in the room with us. But it’s definitely – we assumed – I think exactly the same level as last year.
Frederick Kuester:  Residential sales declined -
Gale Klappa:  And Rick’s right, we assumed flat residential sales. So we didn’t have much of anything in terms of an uptick in new customer connections compared to last year in our forecast.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Okay. And then you mentioned on the industrial side that you saw some gains in rubber and plastic area that were kind of the first time you’ve seen that in a while. Perhaps you’d give a little more color on what’s driving that and do you expect it to continue going forward?
Gale Klappa:  Someone asked this morning whether that was automotive related and we don’t have much of any automotive-related rubber and plastic business in our regions. I don’t think it’s being driven by automotive. More color than that. Another thing it’s a lot of individual companies all across the sector producing rubber and plastic products that have gone up.
Frederick Kuester:  Things like packaging.
Gale Klappa:  Yeah. We have a couple of large packaging manufacturers in our region and I know one of them had a pretty significant uptick in Q1.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Okay. And then the last thing I was wondering about is looking at the cash flow statement. There was a fairly big drop in the working capital, and I was wondering what’s driving that difference between this year and last year and do you expect that to reverse going forward?
Gale Klappa:  We’ll ask Steve Dickson, our Controller, to answer that for you. Stephen Dickson I assume you’re looking at the at the consolidated statement of cash flow and the line item working capital and other?
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Right.
Gale Klappa: Stephen Dickson Yeah, that declined about $139 million quarter-to-quarter. And as Rick mentioned on the call, there’s a lot of really small items in there. One item is, if you remember last year in the first quarter, we received the settlement from the DOE and that increased the regulatory liabilities. So that flowed through as an increase in the cash from operations. Ironically, because we then be restricted it, it was a reduction in investing activities. But that was the largest item. That was about $40 million. Accrued interest was higher last year and that related to the debt that we repaid and there are a bunch of small items, but there is nothing really big other than those two items. Does that make sense?
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Okay. Sure. How about the reverse or do you expect that – so were those kind of one-time things than in 2011 that more than affected it then -?
Gale Klappa: Stephen Dickson Yeah, the big item, as I said, related to the restricted cash that we received in the DOE refund. That actually turns this year and it’s a reduction of operating cash flow this year. So that item already reversed significantly in the first quarter. So I think last year, there were items, which helped us.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Gale Klappa:  Great. Thanks, Dan.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with CDP Capital.
Gale Klappa:  Rock and roll, Vedula. How are you?
Vedula Murti – CDP Capital:  I’m doing well, Gale. Thank you. Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa:  Good afternoon.
Vedula Murti – CDP Capital:  Pretty much hit everything but when we were talking about ATC and we’re talking about lumpiness and particularly in the backend when there’ll be a lot more spending called out in 2016, 2017 or whatever. If I recall properly, I’m just wondering whether the conglomeration of cooperatives, municipals and all the parties that make up ATC whether some of them may not be able to meet their capital calls whereby then you might be able to step in on the margin, be able to incrementally participate more in some of those opportunities in the backend. Do you foresee anything like that or does everybody look like really solid such that if these things happen, pretty much the current proportionality of your ownership versus all the other participants basically stay the same?
Gale Klappa:  Vedula, I think, and Allen can give you some more color as well. I think certainly the way the ATC formula works, when there is capital call, the owner certainly has a right to either meet that capital call or to decline to meet the capital call. And then if they decline to meet the capital call, as you’re indicating, if the other parties then step in, they basically – the pro rata ownership percentages change. Now, one thing to keep in mind and it’s certainly possible that a coop or a municipality or a very tiny owner of ATC might or might not stand up to a capital call down the road but they have by and large very small percentages. Allen?
Allen Leverett:  Yeah. I guess maybe just looking at it in the limit, Vedula, I mean, if you look at all the sort of the say the not-for-profit entities and look at their total ownership, well, it’s less than 10% of ATC. So it’s certainly not a huge part of ATC. Based on the way they have all behaved in the past, they certainly made their capital calls in all but some very, very isolated incidents. I think probably a bigger question on their participation going forward is not so much their participation in the inside of the footprint so that $4 billion worth of stuff that we talked about. It’s not so much a question about whether they participate in those, in my mind, it’s more of a question are they going to want to participate in some of these outside of the footprint types of project that ATC is trying to pursue with Duke. I mean, they’re certainly entitled to if they want to help fund those and invest but I think there’s probably a bigger question as to if they’re going to want to do that.
Frederick Kuester:  The other dynamic that may change is ATC basically right now is largely self-funding and as the capital investment steps up, we might see a change there but that’s again, that’s in the second five-year half of our 10-year period.
Vedula Murti – CDP Capital:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa:  You’re welcome, Vedula.
Gale Klappa:  Well, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any additional questions, our famous Colleen Henderson will be available in the Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thank you very much. Have a good day everybody.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Colleen Henderson – Manager of Strategic Planning and IR Gale Klappa – Chairman, President and CEO James Fleming – EVP and General Counsel Frederick Kuester – EVP and CFO Stephen Dickson – VP and Controller Allen Leverett – EVP Patrick Keyes – VP and Treasurer
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – ISI Group Jim Von Riesman – USB Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Andrew Levi – Caris Ted Hayden – Point State Capital 
Colleen Henderson: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s Conference Call to review 2011 year-end results. This conference call is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, it’s my pleasure to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Happy Groundhog Day. I can tell you that the tundra is not frozen. But we appreciate you joining us for our review today of the company’s 2011 yearend results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team, who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and CEO of We Generation; Rick Kuester, our Chief Financial Officer; Pat Keyes, is serving as our Treasurer; Steve Dickson, Controller; and of course, Jim Fleming, our General Counsel. On a personal note, this is the last time that Jim will be officially sitting in on our conference calls. After a long and productive career, Jim has decided to retire. He’s done a truly outstanding job as our General Counsel over the past six years and we’ll miss him but we understand that his lake house and his classic Corvette are calling. Jim, our entire team wishes you and Kay in Godspeed as you open a new chapter of your life.
James Fleming: Thank you, Gale.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome. Thank you, Jim. Now, Rick will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news released this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $2.18 a share for the 2011. This compares with earnings of $1.92 a share for 2010. A number of factors contributed to our strong performance in 2011 including earnings from our Power the Future assets. As you recall, our second expansion unit at Oak Creek began commercial service in January of 2011. We also recorded equity AFUDC related to the Air Quality Control upgrade at our older Oak Creek units and the Glacier Hills Wind Park. Overall, we’re very pleased with our financial and operational performance in 2011. We exceeded our customer satisfaction goals. We achieved the best safety record in the history of the company and we were named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for the seventh time in the past 10 years. Turning now to the economy of Wisconsin’s area, Wisconsin’s unemployment rate at 7.1% remains well below the national average. And after nearly a double-digit rebound in 2010, electric sales to our large commercial and industrial customers rose by three-tenths of a percent in 2011. The demand destruction that we saw from five large plant closings during recession is now being largely offset by modest growth and recovery in other sectors of the region’s economy. For example, we continue to see strength in specialty steel and metal fabrication, paper and printing and industrial machine rate. Now I’d like to update you on three of our significant construction projects, the 50-megawatt biomass plant in Northern Wisconsin, the Glacier Hills Wind project, northeast of Madison and the air quality control upgrade of the original Oak Creek units. We’re making and I’m pleased to say excellent progress on the biomass plant in Rothschild, Wisconsin. The foundations for the boiler and fuel storage buildings are now complete, and we’re well underway on steel erection for the boiler and the fuel storage facility. As I’ve noted before, the biomass plant will help us diversify our renewable energy portfolio. We’ll be able to dispatch the unit and the efficient technology that will be used to produce steam for the paper mill will clearly enhance the economics of the project. Our investment in the biomass plan is expected to total between $245 million and $255 million, excluding AFUDC. We’re on schedule and on budget to meet the completion date by the end of 2013. I’m also pleased to report that on December 20, 2011, the Glacier Hills Wind Park was placed in the commercial service. Glacier Hills is 162-megawatt energy center located on more than 15,000 acres of rolling farm land about 45 miles Northeast of Madison. It is the largest wind farm in Wisconsin. The completion of Glacier Hills is on time and actually better than budget. It was achieved largely through the talents of Wisconsin labor and Wisconsin companies. When all the costs are finalized, we expect the project to come in below the target of $363.7 million that was set by the Wisconsin Public Service Commission. The $363 million target does not include allowance for funds used during construction or reimbursable transmission costs. Of course, the biomass project and the Glacier Hills Wind Park are key components that will help us meet Wisconsin’s renewable portfolio standard for the year 2015. To refresh your memory, the standard calls for an increase in the amount of electricity produced by renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a state-wide level. The standard then sets targets for each Wisconsin utility using a historical baseline. Using that baseline, approximately 8.27% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewables in 2015. When we complete the biomass project, we will be well-positioned to meet that 2015 standard. I should point out, however, that we expect to deplete our bank of renewal credits, and as a result, we project a need for additional credits or renewable generation by the year 2017. Finally, we’re nearing completion of the air quality control upgrade for the original coal-fired units at Oak Creek. These four units are among the most efficient base load units anywhere in the Midwest. So the economic solution for our customers was to invest approximately $900 million, including allowance for funds used during construction, for the installation of wet scrubbers and selective catalytic reduction facilities. Overall, the project spans today at about 94% complete. The tie-in work for Unit 5 has been sufficient and tuning and testing of the equipment is well underway. The tie-in outage for Unit 6 began in early January, and the tie-in work for Unit 7 and Unit 8 are on schedule for the spring. We expect the newer quality controls to be fully operational this year and we remain on budget, again at a cost of approximately $900 million. This is the second largest construction project in our history. Now, I would like to briefly review where we stand on the regulatory on Wisconsin and Michigan. We’re pleased that there will be no increase in rates for electric customers in Wisconsin in 2012 as a result of the actions taken by the Wisconsin Commission. As we reported to you on our last call, the Commission in October approved our creative approach to keep base rates flat for customers as the economy here continues to recover. To recap the rate plan approved by the Commission authorizes us to suspend the amortization of $148 million of regulatory assets in 2012. Then the plan authorizes us to recover $148 million of carrying costs and depreciations for the air quality controls at Oak Creek, and the Glacier Hills Wind Park. And on January 5 of this year, the Commission issued an order for our 2012 fuel plan approving an increase of the fuel costs recovery rate for the year. However, that increase will be offset by a credit – a credit of $26 million representing proceeds that we received from the settlement of spent fuel litigation with the Department of Energy. As a result of these two decisions there will be no base rate increase or nor fuel increase for our retail electric customers in Wisconsin in 2012. It’s also important to note that we have the authority to file a full rate case in 2012 for new rates to be effective in January of 2013. We’re finalizing the details of the case now and we expect to file with the Commission in late March. Turning now to our Michigan operations, you’ll recall that in July of last year we filed a request with the Michigan Public Service Commission for an annual rate increase of $17.5 million. We’re seeking to recover from Michigan customers their pro rata share of renewable generation, environmental controls and cost associated with the second expansion unit at Oak Creek. In late December, the Commission directed the company to self implement a $5.7 million increase that took effect on January 5. The Commission’s directive also authorized the company to implement a $2.7 million credit, again, of the proceeds we received from our settlement with the Department of Energy. Applying the credit, the net effect of the interim rate increase for customers in Michigan is $3 million or 1.7%. We expect the Michigan Commission to rule on our entire request by July 5 of this year. In addition, approximately $2 million of renewable costs were included on our Michigan fuel recovery rate that took effect on January 1 of this year. So the total self implementation comes to $7.7 million. And another important matter, the Environmental Protection Agency, as you’re aware, issued on August 8, its final Cross-State Air Pollution Rule commonly known as CSAPR. Subsequently, a number of parties, including Wisconsin Electric, petitioned the federal court and the EPA to delay the rule to ensure that it would be implemented in a fair and reasonable manner. In late December, the Court of Appeals in Washington DC staved the CSAPR rules that were scheduled to take effect on January 1. The court noted that petitioners had raised significant questions about potential flaws in the new rules that govern emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide. The court indicated that the EPA should continue to administer the Clean Air Interstate Rule, better known as CAIR, pending the resolution of these issues that have been raised. Of course, in light of major investments we’ve made over the past decade in efficient new generation and air quality controls on our older base load units, we believe we’ve very well-positioned to comply with CAIR and with any revised CSAPR rules. We’ll keep you posted as developments occur in the case. On a related note, in early January, we announced that we’re exploring a potential joint venture opportunity in our Presque Isle power plant in Marquette County, Michigan. Our partner in this potential joint venture is Wolverine Power Cooperative, a large Michigan-based co-op. Now, given our current base load capacity position, we do not believe that it would be economic for our customers to fund the capital that would be necessary to meet likely new environmental regulations, regulations that would impact the coal-fired units at Presque Isle. However, Wolverine needs base load capacity. And so, we’re jointly exploring the possibility of Wolverine investing in major new air quality controls at Presque Isle in exchange for an undivided interest in the plant. It had to be clear, if this joint venture moves forward, our ownership of the plant would be reduced, but we would not expect a reduction in rate base. We believe our customers would see lower operating costs from the plant because Wolverine’s customers would pick up their pro rata share of the cost of running the units. Based on our analysis today, the joint venture would be beneficial to our customers and Wolverine’s customers, but significant work including a full engineering analysis must be performed before we can proceed. I would add that the proposed joint venture would not materially affect our capital spending budget for the years 2012 through 2016 because we were not planning to add significant air quality controls at Presque Isle. I also would like to emphasize the regardless of the decision about the future of Presque Isle, the electric transmission network that supports the Upper Peninsula of Michigan must be improved, both to maintain reliability and allow for economic growth. Turning now to other material developments. As we reported in our third quarter 10-Q, the company has been working through a legal issue regarding our cash balance pension plan. In November, we entered into a settlement agreement with plaintiffs , and the court promptly issued a preliminary order approving the settlement. Our fourth quarter results include a charge of less than $0.04 a share to reflect our final cost for the settlement. We do not expect to incur any additional charges other than minor process-related costs as the settlement is implemented. Finally, I’d like to update you on a recent development concerning accelerated depreciation of the investment and our power to future assets. In late December, the internal revenue service confirmed that accelerated depreciations can be applied to our recently completed expansion units at the Oak Creek site. Now as a result of this ruling, we expect to see a $285 million cash timing benefit by the end of 2014. In the financial forecast that we provided you and may public in November, we have assumed a $250 million benefit. Now this timing item will not impact the deferred tax balance at our utilities, so this latest development will not affect the rate base of our utilities. The cash though from accelerated depreciation will help fund the higher level of investment we’re projecting in our five-year capital spending plan. As you know, we’ve identified several important projects, projects that are necessary to upgrade the ageing gas and electric distribution infrastructure across the region. Secondly, we plan to continue reducing our debt levels of the holding company in order to maintain strong investment grade credit ratings and keep our borrowing costs low. And as you may have seen from our news release a couple of weeks ago, our board has now adopted a revised dividend policy. It calls for us to reach a 60% payout ratio in 2014. That’s one year earlier than previously expected. This new policy should support double digit growth in the dividend in both 2013 and 2014 as we work to achieve a payout ratio that is more competitive with our peers across the electric utility industry. Of course, our board of directors took a major step forward last month by approving for 2012 a dividend increase of 15%, bringing our annual dividend rate to $1.20 a share. I’d also like to address the status of our share repurchase plan. Essentially, there is no change in our share buyback program. As we previously discussed, the board has authorized a share repurchase plan schedule to run through the end of 2013 that calls for us to buy back up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy Common stock through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. Through today, we have repurchased approximately 3.2 million shares at an average purchase price of $30.79 a share. So, in summary, we entered 2012 in excellent condition financially and operationally. The company continues to perform at a high level, and our power to future investments are providing tangible benefits for our customers and our stockholders. And now with more details on our full year financial performance for 2011 and our outlook for the year ahead, here’s our Chief Financial Officer, Rick Kuester. Rick?
Frederick Kuester: Okay. Thanks, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, in our 2011 full year earnings – in 2011, our full year earnings from continued operations were $2.18 a share. I will focus on operating income by segment for the year and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss full year cash flows and cover our earning guidance for 2012. Our consolidated operating income for 2011 was $887 million as compared to $810 million for 2010, an increase of $77 million. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $545 million, which is down $19 million from 2010. Looking at our Utility segment, our electric margins were helped by approximately $14 million because of pricing increases at the wholesale level and also in our Michigan jurisdiction, primarily to recover costs associated with our Power the Future plans. In addition, we saw growth in our electric sales, which added approximately $10 million of operating income. When we look at weather, we estimate that our operating income was reduced by $13 million as compared to the prior year. During 2011, we experienced normal winter weather, which helped our gas business as compared to 2010. On the electric side, we experienced a hotter than normal summer but 2010 was even warmer. So we actually saw a reduction in our earning due to weather compared to 2010. We also saw increased non-fuel operating and maintenance cost totaling $26 million as we released dollars in our generation business for a terminal overhaul in our distribution business for forestry work and higher Power the Future costs related to our wholesale and Michigan customers. These factors combined with $4 million of other net items resulted in the $19 million decline in utility operating income. Our operating income in the Non-Utility Energy segment, which includes We Power, came in as expected and was significantly higher than the prior year, primarily because of earnings associated with the second expansion unit at Oak Creek. Unit 2 achieved commercial operation in January of 2011, so there were no earnings associated with that unit in the prior year. We also had a full year of earnings from the first unit as compared to 11 months of earnings in 2010. The result was a favorable impact of approximately $97 million on our 2011 operating income. Taking the changes for these two segments, together along with corporate charges and other miscellaneous items. It brings you to this $77 million increase in operating income for the full year. During 2011, earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled nearly $63 million or $3 million increase over 2010. Other income increased by $23 million, primarily because of higher AFUDC on our Utility Construction projects, including the Air Quality Control System for the older Oak Creek units and the Glacier Hills Wind Park. AFUDC, of course, allows us to accrue a return on these approved utility projects during construction. Our net interest expense increased by $30 million because of two main factors: first, when the second unit Oak Creek achieved commercial operation, We Power issued $420 million of long-term debt to replace short-term debt that was used to finance the construction of Unit 2; second, once Unit 2 achieved commercial operation, we no longer capitalized on interest on the construction work in progress. Our capitalized interest was almost $26 million lower in 2011 as compared to 2010. While we saw higher interest expense at the We Power level, our holding company interest expense declined as we retired $450 million of 6.5% long-term debt on April 1, 2011. In addition, we were able to take advantage of the low interest rate environment in September of 2011 when our Wisconsin Electric subsidiary issued 10-year bonds with a coupon rate below 3%. Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $14 million because of higher pre-tax earnings offset by slightly lower effective tax rate. The lower effective income tax rate was primarily driven by higher levels of equity AFUDC. For 2012, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 36% and 37% which is consistent with the expectation of lower equity AFUDC. Our effective tax rate in 2011 was 34%. Combining all of these items brings you to $513 million of net income from continuing operations for full year 2011 or earnings of $2.18 per share. During 2011, we generated $993 million of cash from operations which is up $183 million from the same period in 2010. Our strong cash flows were driven by higher net income and higher deferred income tax expense primarily as a result of accelerated depreciation rules. We estimated that deferred income taxes had a positive cash impact of $430 million and we’ve created a deferred tax asset which we expect will reduce future cash taxes by $328 million. Our 2011 operating cash flows were reduced by $277 million because of contributions to our qualified benefit claims. No such contributions were made in 2010 and we do not plan to make contributions in 2012. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $831 million in 2011; about $792 million of this was dedicated to our utility businesses which included the Glacier Hills Wind Project and the air quality control project at the old Oak Creek units. We also paid $242 million in common dividends in 2011 which was an approximate 30% increase over 2010. Consistent with our dividend announcement in January 2012, we expect to pay approximately $279 million of dividends in 2012. Also, as Gale mentioned, in January, our board approved the plan that calls for us to reach a 60% dividend payout ratio beginning in 2014. On a GAAP basis, our debt-to-cap was 57.1% as of December 31 and we were at 54.4% on an adjusted basis. These ratios are slightly higher than our December 2010 levels of 56.9% and 54.1% respectively but were better than planned. The adjusted amount treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity. We expect the 2012 ratios to be in line with the 2011 ratios. Consistent with our past practice, we are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As we discussed in the past, our board of directors authorized the share repurchase program that allows us to repurchase up to $300 million of our common stock through 2013. As Gale noted through today, we have repurchased approximately $100 million of our common shares and an average price of $30.79 a share. As shown in our earnings package on our website, our actual 2011 retail sales of electricity decreased 0.5% as compared to hot 2010. On a weather-normalized basis, 2011 retail sales excluding the mine increased 0.4%. This is better than the 0.6% weather-normalized decline we had forecast for 2011. Overall for 2012, we are projecting to see a slight decline of 0.6% in weather-normalized electricity sales including the – excluding the mines versus normalized 2011 sales. This includes the loss of sales due to two customers installing their own sales generation. Adjusting for this, we project that sales, excluding the mines, will grow by 0.4%. We also project flat residential sales with low housing starts and continued conservation efforts. We expect to see continued moderate growth in the small commercial and industrial class. And we are forecasting the large commercial and industrial class, excluding the mines, to decline by 2.4% due to the installation of self generation. Excluding those customers and the mines, the large commercial and industrial class is expected to grow by 0.5%. I will now discuss our earnings guidance for 2012. We estimate our 2012 earnings from continuing operations will be in the range of $2.24 to $2.29 per share. As we look at our businesses, we expect to see growth from our utilities, slight growth at We Power, and lower costs at the corporate level due to reduced interest expense and our share buyback program. As we look at our utility business, you will remember that the Wisconsin Commission approved our proposal to avoid price increases in 2012 by ceasing the amortization of a $148 million of costs associated with regulatory assets. So we expect to see a reduction in our OEM cost with the one year amortization holiday. Also, we expect increased depreciation expense and a lower AFUDC when the air quality control project that the older Oak Creek units is placed into service. Due to the rate case decision and the timing of fuel recoveries, we expect that first quarter earnings in 2012 will be in the range of $0.75 to $0.78 per share. This includes the effect of warmer than normal weather in January. Finally, I’d like to reiterate that we are targeting a long-term earnings per share growth rate of 4% to 6%. With that I’ll turn things back over to, Gale.
Gale Klappa: Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: And now we’d like to take your questions. (Operator Instructions) Greg Gordon with ISI Group. Please state your question.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Greg, how are you today?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Hi, good morning, Gale, it’s actually Bill, how are you guys doing?
Gale Klappa: Oh, Bill, hi. We’re good, how about you? What you do with Greg?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: I think he stepped off for a second. Actually – so we had a question about your comments on the dividend.
Gale Klappa: Sure.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: And, so I guess, you said you’re pulling for your targeted payout ratio for 60% by 2014 now?
Gale Klappa: Yeah, that’s correct.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Right, and so, and you’re saying that that would imply –
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Hey, Gale, I’m back.
Gale Klappa: There you go.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Yes, so the question is you’ve said that you were targeting a 60% payout ratio by 2014 and that that implied double-digit growth – percentage growth in the dividend between now and then. Is that an accurate regurgitation of your comment?
Gale Klappa: You done regurgitate well.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay, so we can infer from that, that there’s sort of a minimum level of expected earnings growth over the course of the next two years. If we just do the algebra and what that means in terms of your earnings power?
Gale Klappa: We thought, you might like to do your own math, but you are correct.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay. Thank you, Gale.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, and Bill, thank you.
Operator: Jim Von Riesman with UBS. Please state your question.
Jim Von Riesman – USB: Hi, Gale, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Jim, how are you doing today?
Jim Von Riesman – USB: I’m doing well. Thanks. Couple of question if you don’t mind, the first one is can you just talk about what’s happening in the state politically with this governor Walker recall efforts and if there’s any update in status on the generation buy from the state?
Gale Klappa: Sure, I’ll be happy too Jim. By the way were you out there with Ponsitony Phil this morning?
Jim Von Riesman – USB: No.
Gale Klappa: Well the state political situation. It does certainly appear that we are headed for a recall election. Right now the Government Accountability Board of the state is parsing through approximately 1 million signatures to determine how many of those signatures are valid signatures petitioning a recall. That is going to take some time. And in fact the Government Accountability Board has asked for more time and the court has provided them more time. So the best guess estimate now is that we would have a recall election sometime between April and June of this year. In the meantime as you can about imagine the airwaves are full of political commercials on both sides. We don’t expect any significant legislation and certainly nothing affecting energy policy to be dealt with or debated over the course of the next few months. And if indeed there is going to be a piece of legislation that would authorize the sale of some of the state-owned power plants that would not occur certainly until the fall.
Jim Von Riesman – USB: Okay. Just a quick order or reference here what’s the threshold for either he stays or he goes in terms of the vote count? Simple majority?
Gale Klappa: Oh no. It’s simple, but yeah, 50% plus one vote.
Jim Von Riesman – USB: Okay. Second question is I guess this is more for Rick. If I heard you correctly you said $3.2 million share buyback roughly at $31 a share or just under that. Is that right?
Frederick Kuester: $30.79.
Jim Von Riesman – USB: Okay. So that’s a $100 million. But the cash flow statement that you released today says you had a decreased in repurchased stock of about $140 million. What’s that $40 million delta?
Gale Klappa: I’ll let Steve Dickson, our controller, go through that, Jim.
Stephen Dickson: Yeah. Thanks, Jim. That item is consistent with item that we’ve had in past years. When stock options are exercised, we take the proceeds of the stock options and then go to the open market and buy back stock. So the delta between $100 million and $140 million is cash that we used to buy back our own shares to satisfy stock options and other stock awards.
Jim Von Riesman – USB: Okay, just double checking. And then last question is in pension. Well, are you prepared to talk about your revised discount rate assumptions or your plan asset recurrence at this point in time?
Gale Klappa: Well, we’ve certainly made then public. Let me state first that we made, as Rick mentioned, the $277 million contribution to our benefit plans during 2011. And when you look at our funding position against our liabilities, we are very, very well-positioned. We’re also quite conservative in terms of our – at least in terms of our industry, in terms of future asset growth. Steve, do you want to give a shot?
Stephen Dickson: Also, I think we have a conservative asset mix.
Gale Klappa: Yes.
Frederick Kuester: Overall, we’ve got a very conservative program. Steve, go through the details.
Stephen Dickson: Yeah. We worked with our actuaries to get the year-end discount rate and it’s just 5.05, so that’s what we have the liabilities valued at. As Gale said, our expected return on assets remains the same at 7.25% and then the actual returns were about 2.5% in 2011.
Jim Von Riesman – USB: Okay. I’ll follow-up with you on some other questions after the call.
Frederick Kuester: Okay. Jim, thank you for your call. We appreciate it.
Jim Von Riesman – USB: Thank you.
Operator: Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Gale Klappa: Rock and roll, Michael. How are you?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: I’m okay, Gale. You?
Gale Klappa: Yeah. We’re fine. We’re doing well.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Couple of questions. First of all, can you walk us through going forward, so let’s say what’s embedded in your 2012 guidance for cash flow – for basically deferred tax-related cash flows whether it’s from Oak Creek, whether it’s from PTCs, but those that accrued kind of back to the holding company or the shareholder and don’t necessarily go to a reduction in rate base. I’m probably more thinking about the PTF units than I am about kind of the bonus (inaudible) the utility record (inaudible). But if there’s a way to just quantify how much cash gets upstreamed that is related to deferred taxation?
Stephen Dickson: We’re all thinking about how to make that calculation quickly for you.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: We can – if that’s a pain, we can follow up offline. My other one is CapEx. You’re – it seems a little unusual that your CapEx going up but it’s not – meaning from earlier 2011 guidance ranges.
Stephen Dickson: That is correct.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: But your load growth is pretty like a lot of part to the Midwest relatively versus history.
Stephen Dickson: Correct.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: That strikes me as an unusual dichotomy. And could you through some of the drivers of that?
Stephen Dickson: Sure. I think it’s very – it’s a good question but a very straightforward answer. The additional CapEx spending, and let’s kind of reset that, our 2011 through 2015 plan called for about $3.4 billion of capital spending. Our 2012 through 2016 plan is about $100 million increase at $3.5 billion. The difference between the two rolling five-year plans, Michael, is really replacement of aging infrastructure. I mean we have, as I mentioned in the past, we have aging underground lines, we have aging power poles, we have aging (inaudible) transformers. So we have got – we really need to maintain the reliability that our customers have come to rely on and deserve. We need to spend more capital on replacement of aging electric and gas distribution infrastructure. That’s the big difference.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And how are you guys thinking about O&M next year relative to – meaning in 2012, I guess that’s this year, relative to 2011 levels?
Gale Klappa: Two answers to that because the second answer is very important to make sure you can follow our financials as we go through the year. First answer is that on an operating basis, we’re projecting our O&M to be basically flat. However, you will see a reduction when we report earnings in the first quarter and subsequent quarters. You’ll actually see a reduction in O&M because of the amortization holiday in the rate case.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And can you quantify that?
Gale Klappa: $148 million.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. It’s the full amount. Okay. So we should look, think about $148 million year-over-year reduction in O&M? No. No, actually, that’s not true. That’s right. I got it. I’ll follow up. Colleen and I touched on it this morning.
Gale Klappa: All right.
Operator: Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates, please proceed with your question.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Paul. How are you doing?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Hey, how are you doing?
Gale Klappa: Pretty good.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: A couple of questions has been asked and answered, but just wanted to touch basically on the rate base growth and just a question that Michael asked about the weak anemic growth. I mean, how do you guys see customer rates? I know you guys are focused on keeping them as controlled as possible. Going forward, with this CapEx build-out and with this anemic growth kind of a concern that you have to sort of do this CapEx adjustment and there doesn’t seem to be that much growth.
Gale Klappa: Paul, one more time. I’m not sure I actually follow –
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. You guys have a considerable amount of CapEx that you’re going to have to – I mean, in terms of replacing the aging infrastructure.
Gale Klappa: That is correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And it sounds like sales growth is in all that robust.
Gale Klappa: That is correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And so, I’m wondering – I know that you guys are very proactive in keeping weights as manageable as possible –
Gale Klappa: Right.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  – but at just how should we think about the rate trajectory fuel excluded going forward?
Gale Klappa: Well it’s a good question and I appreciate the clarification. First of all, for 20 rates that would going to affect in 2013, if you recall we basically have deferred a rate case for a year and I mentioned our customers will see no increase either in fuel costs or in base electric rates during 2012. But that deferral for a year means that we have put off a rate increase request that is largely driven by capital we’ve already spent on important projects that either our coming into the service now or already in service. We have three major projects that will be the drivers of our 2012 rate request for 2013 and that’s the quality control, the $900 million that we’re spending on the air quality control upgrade of the older Oak Creek units, the Glacier Hills Wind Park and then the ongoing construction costs at the Rothschild Biomass Plant that would come into service in late 2013. So, those three factors, those major construction projects all approved by the Commission will be big drivers for our 2012 rate filing for 2013 rates. And that will be obviously a sizeable rate increase with the filing that we’ll make this spring. Beyond that, I would think we would be looking at 3% to 4%, 3% to 5% something in that range. But we would hope 3% or 4% base rate increase is absent fuel going forward once we get this rate increase behind us.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And just the magnitude of the rate increase that we’re looking at for 2013 potentially or is it too early to say considering that you haven’t – too early to process to –
Gale Klappa: No. We’re finalizing the details of that case now and it would probably be in the neighborhood of 6%to 7%.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Stephen Dickson: And we said it’s going to be in the same neighborhood as the -what we’ve thought for last year was in that –
Gale Klappa: Right.
Stephen Dickson: – 6% to 7%.
Gale Klappa: I think last year, our filing was 6.6%.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Right.
Gale Klappa: But okay, if we had a traditional case, it would be that amount. But we will put this off for a year.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I got you. And then also you mentioned self-generation and if you could just maybe just elaborate a little bit more on the customers and if that’s a unique situation or what sort of driving that?
Gale Klappa: I don’t see it being a widespread situation at all. One is a – one of the organizations that is moving a bit towards self-generation is a sewage – Metropolitan Sewerage District and the other is a paper mill.
Stephen Dickson: One using landfill gas which is –
Gale Klappa: Right.
Stephen Dickson: – there’s limited availability on that and the other paper mill is just a biomass project. So I think they’re fairly unique as Gale says.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Gale Klappa: Good questions, Paul. Thank you.
Operator: Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc, you may proceed with your question.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Paul. How are you?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: How are you doing?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: I’m well, thank you.
Gale Klappa: Good.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: A question, a follow-up on Jim Von Riesman’s question about the discrepancy on the buyback versus $140 million on the cash flow statement. So you get this $40 million in and then you spend it on buybacks. Where does it show up coming in on the cash flow statement?
Gale Klappa: I’m not sure you’re describing that quite accurately. We are – remember that we are using cash. Forget about the buybacks for a minute, we have historically hear ever since our management team has been in place. We have used cash to satisfy company obligations related to stock option exercises, 401(k) plans, other stock grants that might be made during the course of the year. So you really have to look at two pieces, the dollar spent on share buyback and then what the amounts were related to those plans. Steve?
Stephen Dickson: Yeah. Just to add on to that, we haven’t released the 2011 (k) but if you go back to the 2010 (k) on our cash flow statement, we break out these two items. On our cash post statement for 2010, we received cash proceeds of $91 million from people exercising stock options. So we’ve got the $91 million and that was cash flows coming in. And then we repurchased the stock on the open market and that was $156 million. So last year, we were net out $66 million. Do you understand?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Understood. Thank you very much.
Stephen Dickson: You’re welcome.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And then on your 2012 guidance, what’s your assumption with regards to over or under recovery of fuel?
Gale Klappa: I believe in our 2012 guidance, we’re still assuming some modest under recovery of fuel.
Stephen Dickson: Correct.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And then lastly, relative to guidance at the end of the third quarter, I think weather was probably more mild than you expected then you had this for $0.04 pension settlement –
Stephen Dickson: Right.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Yet lose at the top end of gains.
Stephen Dickson: Is there a question there?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: A question and a statement.
Gale Klappa: Well, I’ll take your congratulations and I appreciate that. Well, one of the things – I mean obviously we had continued effective cost control across the company. Weather did hurt us in the fourth quarter by about $0.04 of share, but the big drivers for the fourth quarter were really the equity AFUDC that we continue to accrue related to the major projects. The fact that we had full quarter of Oak Creek II where we did not, I mean, Oak Creek II was not in service during fourth quarter of 2010. And then weather was a negative factor.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: But you would have known about it, AFUDC in Oak Creek, correct?
Gale Klappa: Yeah, that’s correct. Yes, we knew about the AFUDC in Oak Creek and Glacier Hills. And as we say it, we had very effective cost controls across the company.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Operator: Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities. Great, please state your question.
Gale Klappa: How are you doing, Jay?
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Hey, very well, Gale. I was hoping we went through a lot of this but hoping we could drill down a little bit into some of the residential trends you’re seeing and appreciate this weather makes it a little difficult to look through this particularly in the quarter. But if we look at the full year, is there more energy efficiency? Is this just austerity? I guess what I’m trying get at from your internal projections, the economy – if the economy accelerates, would you anticipate recovery in your Residential segment?
Gale Klappa: It’s very hard to tell. We don’t have enough good data in my mind to be able to say concretely what really is driving the residential class. I have a theory that could be wrong, and that is the limitations of weather normalization techniques. And we had a very, very unusually warm summer in 2010. We had another warm but not as warm summer in 2011, both summers above normal. So the numbers we’re reporting to you in essence are weather-normalized data. I still have some concern about the limitations, just of the weather-normalization techniques and the impact that that’s having on our reported data. If we have normal summer this year, I know it’s hard as all it gets out. But if we have a normal summer this year, I think we’ll be able to tell much better what’s going on. There is no question and I’ve mentioned this to you before, there’s no question that in shoulder months when it is easy to conserve, we are definitely seeing more conservation. We are not seeing more conservation when it’s 95 degrees on the lake front or when it’s 20 degrees below.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. But so I understand your suggestion is the weather normalization calculation is understating what is otherwise or weather normalized growth?
Gale Klappa: That is my theory and we’ll have to wait for more data to prove whether I’m right or wrong. Now for what it’s worth, another reason why I have some confidence in that theory is that we are seeing better than expected growth in small commercial.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you. Okay. And then Rick on HoldCo interest, how should we think about the balancing act of retiring common stock and the growing dividend and your desire to reduce HoldCo debt over time?
Frederick Kuester: Yeah. It’s obviously it’s one of the key priorities we got in terms of uses of cash, Jay. What we will look at is the economics of retiring HoldCo debt. We’ve got some 20 33s out there that right would not be economic. We will continue to look at that I would say were probably a couple of used app made big movement right now.
Gale Klappa: And Jay just – Rick is absolutely right. Just to add on the that. You know our whole theory and practice here is invest in solid utility projects that are needed for the region, maintain our credit metrics which means we continue de-lever a bit. And then if there’s extra cash, use that cash in the way that best benefits shareholders from an after-tax return standpoint. So that’s kind of our – I mean that’s our whole approach to the next several years.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Nope. That’s perfect. I appreciate it. And then last question, Gale, I know it’s a little off in the future but you indicated the need for some incremental renewable capacity by the 2017 timeframe and assuming that was a decision in 2015 and you had to make it today. Is that biomass? Is that wind? Is that some other relative? What would it be?
Gale Klappa: Well, given today’s market, if the market today were the same when we faced the decision in 2015 or 2016, we would probably buy renewable credits –
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Perfect.
Gale Klappa: – for the short term.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Absolutely, great. Thanks so much. I appreciate the help.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Jay. Thank you.
Operator: Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann, you may state your question.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Yes, hello. All my questions have been ask and answered. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thanks, Brian. Well, we have a pregnant pause here.
Operator: Andy Dashal (ph) with Morningstar, please proceed with your question.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Andy. How are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. How are you?
Gale Klappa: I’m well.
Unidentified Analyst: Most of my questions have been answered but kind of just one follow-up clarification on your earnings guidance. You incorporate warmer than normal weather in your first quarter 75 to 78 range. Is that incorporated into your full year while you’re using normal annualized growth from February to December then?
Gale Klappa: The answer is yes.
Frederick Kuester: Yes, yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Andy.
Operator: Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin, please proceed with your question.
Gale Klappa: Okay, Dan. I got to ask you, they were trying to redact some signatures before the petitions went public on the recall. Were they trying to redact your name off there?
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: No comment.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Dan.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Good afternoon. First of all, I was just wondering if you could clarify again what the 2012 CapEx plan’s going to be.
Gale Klappa: Sure. Rick has the breakdown for you actually.
Frederick Kuester: Yeah, Dan. This is on our website but on page 12 of the analyst presentation, we break out our CapEx for 2012. About $705 million is what’s in the budget. Of that, about $70 million is tied to environmental and that’s finishing up the air quality controls – primarily finishing up the air quality controls at the older Oak Creek units. Renewables, $161 million which is tied to the biomass project and maybe a few dollars associated with Glacier Hills. And the rest, which is about $475 million is just base capital spend, pipe, poles, wires.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay. Given the CapEx and the dividend increase and share buybacks and no pension payments and all of those moving parts, what’s the financing plan for 2012?
Frederick Kuester: I think we’ve got one offering sometime this year at the utility of $250 million-ish, roughly, Dan.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: And do you have a quarter when that’s likely to be set, quarter?
Gale Klappa: We haven’t set a date yet. Yeah.
Frederick Kuester: We haven’t set a date yet.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay.
Gale Klappa: And no equity issuances, obviously.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Right. And then I was just curious about that looking at the electric utility revenues, the wholesale, resale, and other revenues were up fairly big on a percentage basis. Just some color on what’s going on there and what to expect going forward?
Frederick Kuester: Sure. We’ll let Allen Leverett, who heads our generation business cover that with you, Dan.
Allen Leverett: And, Dan, there are really two categories there. There’s wholesale and then there’s sales for resale. On the wholesale side, we had a 50-megawatt contract with a large co-op here in Wisconsin that we began providing service under that contract. I think it began June 1 of last year. And then we also made some additional sales to a co-op up in the UP of Michigan, so those two together, Dan, increased our wholesale sales about $17.5 million. So that’s two contracts together. In addition on the sales for resale and it’s probably the easiest way to think about those, Dan, those are spot sales. So those are sales that you would make on the spot market, it’s micro as opposed to the term market. In 2010, we purchased about 0.03 million megawatt hours from the micro market, whereas in 2011 we sold 1.3 million megawatt hours. So we had a swing of 1.6 million megawatt hours. And the reason that we were able to make those sales is largely because we had the Oak Creek expansion, the second unit of Oak Creek expansion that was available in 2011 and of course it was not available in 2010 because it hasn’t been completed yet. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color about these line items.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: So what’s the term of those wholesale contracts with the co-ops?
Allen Leverett: The contract to the Wisconsin co-op is a 10-year contract. The contract with the Michigan co-op was a contract we already had in place, but their take under that contract was a bit more. I think the original term on that contract, Dan, I think we’re into the third year of the contract. The original term of that contract I believe was 25 years. So it was a very longer term contract.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Take care, Dan.
Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: You too.
Operator: Andrew Levi with Caris, please state your question.
Andrew Levi – Caris: Hi.
Gale Klappa: Did you get the hat, Andy?
Andrew Levi – Caris: Yes, thank you, Gale. My son loved it. So, thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Andrew Levi – Caris: You said it was one of the good ones.
Gale Klappa: I’m glad to hear that because it was painful buying it.
Andrew Levi – Caris: Well, it is what it is, but we’ll see what happens this weekend.
Gale Klappa: Yeah.
Andrew Levi – Caris: But thank you again.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Andrew Levi – Caris: Do you guys say there was slide package on your website?
Gale Klappa: We do. We have a slide package on the website at www.wisconsinenergy.com.
Andrew Levi – Caris: I can’t find it. Okay, I’ll work on that. And then the only other question I had, weather-wise for the year 2011, how much of that affect your earnings?
Gale Klappa: Rick, it certainly hurt earnings overall.
Frederick Kuester: Yeah, we were – in health gas, gas was up slightly but it was offset by electrical sales about $0.03 a share, electrical expense $0.06 per share. Gas was up $0.03 a share.
Gale Klappa: So negative $0.03.
Frederick Kuester: As compared to 2010.
Andrew Levi – Caris: On this, I wanted verse normal anything – any of that?
Frederick Kuester: Steve’s got that on normalize, yeah.
Stephen Dickson: Yeah, basically, it was close to normal year. The heating degree days for gas were right here, the 20 degree – 20 year average. So gas was basically a push. And it was a hot summer, but it got warm in the fourth quarter. So, on an operating income – or excuse me, margin basis, there was only $6 million. So weather was basically a push this year.
Gale Klappa: Against normal.
Stephen Dickson: Against normal.
Andrew Levi – Caris: And then just looking at the OEM number which was obviously down quite a bit. Is that sustainable going into 2012?
Frederick Kuester: Well, we’ll look at it, Steve, because there’s some accounting changes that affect the way you look at those numbers for 2011 and then I’ll be happy to talk about 2012, Steve?
Stephen Dickson: Andy, the reduction in OEM on a year-to-year basis and we talked about this in the first and second quarter. It has to do with the elimination of the intercompany revenues and expenses related to the Power the Future leases. And so the impact because unit two, went into service we eliminated more revenue and that was about $98 million year-to-year difference. So, our consolidated OEM is down $98 million because of the elimination entry, I’d like Gale address the other issue.
Gale Klappa: And that this is the last quarter we’re going to see –
Frederick Kuester: Right.
Gale Klappa: This whole had to do with the Power the Future assets coming into service. Now for 2012 and I may have mentioned this but it’s worth repeating because it can be confusing if you don’t follow this every day. For 2012, on a pure operating basis our OEM is projected roughly flat, however, when you see our financial reports each quarter you’ll actually see a decline in overall OEM because of the rate plan which caused for us to cease amortization over the course of 2012 of 148.1 million of regulatory assets. So everyone should keep that in mind but in terms of just the trend of real OEM from real operations 2012 we expect to be flat.
Andrew Levi – Caris: Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Andy.
Operator: Ted Hayden with Point State Capital, you may proceed with your question.
Ted Hayden – Point State Capital: Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Hi Ted. Good to see. How are you doing?
Ted Hayden – Point State Capital: Doing well. I’m glad I don’t have to bet you on a football game this fourth quarter and lose. So appreciate the time, I had just one quick question on 2011. What was your earned ROE at Webco?
Gale Klappa: If you remember our allowed ROE at the electric side of the business is 10.4. Our allowed ROE on the natural gas distribution side of the business is 10.5 and if you look overall, we were very, very close to our allowed ROE.
Ted Hayden – Point State Capital: And is that on the 6 billion of rate base that you guys have in your December slide deck?
Gale Klappa: We are looking here. Yes.
Ted Hayden – Point State Capital: Okay. And the equity ratio is like 53? It’s a sliding scale I guess, right?
Gale Klappa: Pat, we had 52.2%, 53% up in utilities?
Patrick Keyes: 53.5 is the high end. We were underneath that.
Frederick Kuester: Midpoint is 51.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, our allowed range is 51% to 53.5%. As Pat said we were just under the 53.5%.
Ted Hayden – Point State Capital: Got you. Okay and then I’m assuming the guidance for 2012 assumes the 10.4, 10.5 blended as well?
Gale Klappa: Well it assumes we can come close.
Ted Hayden – Point State Capital: Come close? Okay so maybe a little bit of lag?
Gale Klappa: Yes.
Ted Hayden – Point State Capital: Okay. Great. That was it. Thanks a lot.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome Ted.
Operator: Your final question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale Klappa: Welcome back Michael.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey Gale. I want – if you don’t mind come back to the CapEx question and you talked the 2011 to 2015 and then the 2012 to 2016, 3.4 billion and the 3.5 billion. I’m just a little confused only because you spent a lot of money on South Oak Creek in 2011 if I remember correctly. But South Oak Creek CapEx kind of stopped soon. I mean, you’re mostly done with that and have done well with getting that project wrapped up on time on budget. So it seems like if I look at the CapEx, you’re replacing a large chunk of CapEx in 2011 tied to South Oak Creek with a lot of reliability and infrastructure. I mean, that’s not a small number. And I just want to see and check to make sure I’m understanding that correctly not making a mistake in kind of thinking about the timeline for when you spent dollars on South Oak Creek.
Gale Klappa: Very good question. And let me break it down for you. Rick and I have got a slide here which really, I think, details it quite well. You are correct. We are virtually complete with our spending on the South Oak Creek air quality control upgrade, and that is a very large project. When you look at our estimated 2011 spending on our rate-based infrastructure, it was about $420 million. For 2012, it’s about a $50 million increase. We’re projecting to spend $473 million on basic infrastructure work at our utilities, replacing aging gas distribution lines, replacing substation transformers, that kind of stuff. So we’re seeing, compared to 2011, about a $50 million increase in infrastructure spend. Then we’re projecting, as we show on the slides here that you can get on our website too, we’re projecting about $160 million of spending on renewable which is largely, Rick, the Rothschild Biomass Plant.
Frederick Kuester: That’s correct.
Gale Klappa: And then, we have about another $70 million on top of that of environmental spend, environmental CapEx. So that takes you the number Rick mentioned about $705 million of projected capital spend in 2012 in kind of the categories’ breakdown.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right, I’m with you guys. One last question, I just wanted to make sure I understood. On the debt side, besides what you do with the utility, is what’s in plan a reduction of HoldCo level interest and the HoldCo level debt or flat?
Frederick Kuester: In 2012, it will be basically flat.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Okay, and beyond like how you were thinking about 2013 and beyond?
Frederick Kuester: Yeah, let me rephrase. We did, as I mentioned in the script, we retired $450 million at the HoldCo in April. So there will be effect to that but we won’t be retiring any new debt in 2012. So we’ll have the effective retire net debt back in the last April, Michael.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Frederick Kuester: And Michael, let me go back if I can to maybe help clarify one additional point on the capital spend question you had. With our projection of about $705 million of capital spending in 2012, that’s materially below the actual spend for 2011.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, I’m just – it strikes me your – the way I’m reading it is, come 2013 and 2014, it’s a big jump off in retirement, $400 million a year and reliability spend, kind of core spend because you’re rolling off some of the enviro and some of the renewable spend.
Frederick Kuester: You’re absolutely correct and let me give you the projections. I mentioned $473 million in 2012 on the basic reliability, I mean, the basic core business capital spend. That jumps in our projections to $611 million in 2013 and about $585 million in 2014. So yes, you’re in the right direction with your intuition.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Have seen and then checked this with the PSC.
Frederick Kuester: Oh, we – let me put it this way, every project of any kind of magnitude. Any project that’s of – what is our threshold on the electric side guys that we take the commission, $7 million, that was $7 million.
Patrick Keyes: I would say $8 million.
Gale Klappa: $7 million or $8 million.
Patrick Keyes: $8 million, yeah.
Gale Klappa: We have a capital project that is above $7 million or $8 million of capital spend. We historically, in the way regulation has worked here, we take that project for approval – individual project approval to the commission. And once that project is approved in the 110-year history of regulation in this state, cost recovery for an approved project that you bring in on time and on budget has never been denied.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Patrick Keyes: So Michael, if you look at actually what we’re doing – if you look at the installation history of the company and when a lot of this stuff we’re replacing was installed, look at the age of what we’re replacing, it’s time to be doing this. I mean we’re talking 50-year-old transformers. We’re talking poles that are in excess of 60 years old. We’re talking upgrading of the gas pipelines, putting better material in. So this is infrastructure improvement that needs to be made based on material conditions out there.
Gale Klappa: We have equipment here older than Mr. Goldman or Mr. Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Understood. Okay. I appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Michael.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. We certainly appreciate your taking part. If you have any other questions, don’t hesitate to call Colleen Henderson. Colleen will be available in our Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thanks, everybody. Have a good afternoon.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen Henderson – IR Gale Klappa – Chairman, President and CEO Allen Leverett – President and CEO, We Generation Rick Kuester – CFO Jim Fleming – General Counsel Pat Keyes – Treasurer Steve Dickson – Controls
Analysts: Greg Gordon – ISI Group Jim Von Riesemann – UBS Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Carl Seligson – Utility Financial Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Ted Hine – Point State Capital Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Scott Senchak – Decade Capital
Colleen Henderson: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s Quarterly Conference Call. This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the Company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be opened to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Colleen. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us as we review the company’s 2011 third quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and CEO of We Generation; Rick Kuester, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, General Counsel; Pat Keyes, our Treasurer and Steve Dickson, of the Controls. Rick will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $1.69 a share for the first nine months of this year. That compares with earnings of $1.39 a share from continuing operations for the first nine months of 2010. For this year’s third quarter, our earnings from continuing operations came in at $0.55 a share, up from $0.47 a share in the third quarter a year ago. Now, compared to our forecast, two factors influenced our positive results in the latest quarter. The first was weather. The Midwest recorded warm temperatures and high humidity this summer which led to strong demand for air conditioning. It literally was hot time in the summer in the city during much of July and August. In fact, the peak demand on our system rose to within 2.5% of our all-time record one hour demand. We also saw slightly stronger growth across the commercial sector of the region. When we compare our numbers to the prior year third quarter, we realized higher earnings from our Power the Future assets driven by our investment in the second expansion unit at Oak Creek. We also benefited from booking higher allowance per funds used during construction at Wisconsin Electric as we continued to invest in utility projects that have been approved by the Wisconsin Public Service Commission. Overall, we are pleased with our third quarter and our year-to-date performance. Now, I’d like to focus for a few minutes on the economy across our service area. After a nearly double-digit increase and rebound in 2010, electric sales to our large commercial and industrial customers rose by a little less than 1% in the first three quarters of 2011. When we take a closer look inside the numbers, we see that the demand destruction from five large plant closings during the great recession is now being largely offset by modest growth in recovery and other sectors of the region’s economy. For example, we are seeing strength in iron ore mining, in specialty steel, and metal fabrication, paper and printing and in the production of industrial machinery. And from talking with our largest customers, we are cautiously optimistic that the recovery will continue. Next, I’d like to update you on the three significant construction projects we have underway, a 50-megawatt biomass plant at Northern Wisconsin, The Glacier Wind Park, Northeast of Madison, and the Air Quality Control upgrade of the original Oak Creek units. You may recall last quarter we announced that construction was underway on a 50-megawatt cogeneration plant to be fueled with biomass at a paper mill owned by Domtar Corporation in Northern Wisconsin. Good progress has been made on critical underground work and on the foundation for the boiler. On August 25, 1,700 cubic yards of concrete was continuously delivered on port for the foundation. Of course, the biomass plant will help us diversify our renewable energy portfolio. We will be able to dispatch the unit and the efficient technology that will be used to produce steam will clearly benefit the existing paper mill. Our investment in the biomass plant is expected to total between $245 million and $255 million excluding allowance for funds used during construction. We are on schedule and on budget to meet a completion date by the end of 2013. The other large renewable project in our pipeline, of course, is the Glacier Hills Wind Park, a 162 megawatt energy center located on more than 15,000 acres of rolling farmland about 45 miles northeast of Madison. Ironically, higher than normal winds in late spring and early summer slowed our construction, but we are on track now and making excellent progress. As of yesterday, 88 of the 90 wind turbines planned for the site had been erected and approximately half of the turbines are already producing power for the grid. We are scheduled to complete the project on time and on budget by the end of this year. Our current estimate of the capital cost for the Glacier Hills site is $361 million. This estimate does not include allowance for funds used during construction or reimbursable transmission costs. The biomass project and the Glacier Hills Wind Park are key components that will position us to meet Wisconsin’s renewable portfolio standard for the year 2015. To refresh your memory, standard calls for an increase and the amount of electricity produced from renewable sources, from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each of the Wisconsin utilities using an historical baseline. Using that baseline, approximately 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. When we complete the two large projects we have underway, we will be on target to meet the 2015 standard. I should point out, however, that we expect to deplete our bank of renewable credits, and as a result, we project the need for additional credits by the year 2017. Finally, we are making excellent progress on the air quality control upgrade in the original coal-fired units at the Oak Creek side. These units are among the most efficient baseload units in the Midwest. So, the economic solution for our customers was to invest approximately $900 million, including allowance for funds used during construction, for the installation of wet scrubbers and selective catalytic reduction facilities. As of today, the project is about 90% complete. Our project team is now finalizing an extensive testing protocol, which is a key step of course in the final stages of construction. And once again we are on time and on budget. We expect the new controls at Oak Creek to be completed during 2012. Now, I would like to switch gears and briefly review where we stand on the regulatory fronts in both Wisconsin and Michigan. As you know on October 6, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission approved our creative approach to keep base rates flat for customers, as the economy continues to recover. We were pleased that the commission found value for customers in our proposed plan. And in this fragile economy, our customers now have certainty on the cost of electricity for the year ahead, with base rates to remain at 2011 levels through 2012. The rate plan also authorizes us to suspend the amortization of $148 million of regulatory assets in 2012. Then the plan authorizes us to recover $148 million of carrying costs and depreciation for the air quality controls at Oak Creek and the Glacier Hills Wind Park. In addition, we have filed a fuel cost plan for the year 2012. And finally as part of that fuel cost plan, we will provide customers with a one-time credit of $26 million. The credit stems from Wisconsin Electric settlement of spent nuclear fuel litigation with the U.S. Department of Energy. We expect an order on our fuel cost recovery plan in January 2012. It’s also important to note that we have the authority to file a full rate case next year for new rates to be effective in January of 2013. Turning now to our Michigan operations, you will recall that earlier this year we filed a request with the Michigan Public Service Commission for a rate increase of $17.5 million annually. We are seeking to recover from Michigan customers their pro rata share of renewable generation, environmental controls, and cost associated with Unit 2 of Oak Creek. As provided for under our Michigan law, we plan to self implement $7.7 million of our request in January of 2012 and that would represent a 4.4% rate increase. If the Commission accepts our proposal that amount would be partially offset by the Michigan portion of the DOE settlement. So, the net result would be an interim rate increase for customers of 2.8%. We expect the Michigan Commission to rule on the entire request by July of 2012. On another important topic, the Environmental Protection Agency issued on August 8 its final Cross-State Air Pollution Rule commonly known as CSAPR. Earlier this month, the EPA announced a plan to revise CSAPR with a provisional hearing set for tomorrow actually October 28 in Washington. We believe that our additional cost to comply with CSAPR will be far less than many of our peers, because of the investments we have made in Air Quality Control technology. Investments that are complete or nearing completion at our older coal-fired units and because of the new state-of-the-art generation we’ve built through our Power the Future plan. However, we do have some concerns about CSAPR as it relates to the upper peninsula of Michigan. Based on our analysis, we believe that the EPA has failed to allocate sufficient allowances to support minimum levels of generation at our Presque Isle Power Plant. Operations at the Presque Isle facility are necessary to maintain system reliability in what has historically been a very constrained region. We have filed petitions with both the EPA and the Washington DC Circuit Court of Appeals supporting our position. Our preferred approach is simply to have one assurance area for our integrated combined system. EPA’s current approach is to have separate and distinct assurance areas for Wisconsin and for Michigan. Finally, I’d like to address our share repurchase plan and our dividend policy. To maintain appropriate financial strength and provide value to our stockholders, we have implemented a share repurchase plan scheduled to run through the end of 2013 that calls for us to buyback up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions. Through today, we have repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares at an average price of $30.32. Earlier this year, we also announced that our Board of Directors approved a dividend policy that calls for a pay-out ratio of 60% of earnings in the year 2015. Trending toward a 60% pay-out ratio will allow us to be more competitive with the dividend policies of other regulated utilities across the industry. And as a first step in implementing our new dividend policy, I am pleased to report that management will recommend to the Board a dividend increase in the range of 13% to 15% for the year 2012. In summary, with three quarters of this year already in the books, the company continues to perform at a high level and our Power the Future investments are providing tangible benefits for our customers and our stockholders. And now with more details on the third quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2011, here is our Chief Financial Officer, Rick Kuester. Rick?
Rick Kuester: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our 2011 third quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.55 a share. The results were better than our plan because of hotter than normal summer weather, a slightly better than expected growth in commercial sales and a continued emphasis on cost management. I will focus my comments on operating income from continuing operations by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss year-to-date cash flows and earnings guidance for the full year. Our consolidated operating income in the third quarter of 2011 was $224 million as compared to $203 million in last year's third quarter, an increase of $21 million. We clearly benefited from the second expansion unit at Oak Creek. Operating income in our Utility Energy segment totaled $136 million, which is up $2 million from the prior year. When we look at our electric margins, we see a $2 million improvement. When we breakdown the components of our electric margin, we see that weather had a negative impact of $9 million in 2011. While this summer was significantly hotter than normal, it was not as hot as the prior year. We estimate that weather helped our margins this quarter by approximately $21 million. However, we estimate that last year’s hot summer helped our margins about $30 million. Offsetting this impact, was a stronger than expected growth in electric sales to our commercial sector and an increase in electric demand in our industrial segment. We estimate that these two items helped our margins by approximately $10 million as compared to the third quarter of 2010. When you look at the rest of the detail of our utility operating income, you see several small items that net to a positive impact of approximately $1 million. Our operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which includes repower came in as expected and was consistent with prior quarters. We saw higher operating income of $21 million that was driven by the commercial operation of Unit 2 at Oak Creek. Unit 2 achieved commercial operation in January of this year, so we did not have any earnings associated with Unit 2 in the prior years. Taking the changes for these two segments together, along with corporate charges and other miscellaneous items, you arrived with a $21 million increase in operating income for the third quarter of 2011. During the third quarter of 2011, earnings from our investment in American Transmission Company totaled nearly $16 million. Other income increased by $6 million, because of higher allowance for funds used during construction, or AFUDC on our utility construction projects, primarily to air quality control system for the older Oak Creek units and the Glacier Hills wind park. AFUDC of course allows us to earn a return on these approved utility projects during construction. Our net interest expense increased by $4 million, primarily because of interest expense associated with the second unit at Oak Creek. In January, we issued $420 million of long term debt to replace short term debt used to finance the construction of Unit II. In addition, once Unit II achieved commercial operations, we no longer capitalized interest on the construction work in progress. While we saw increased interest expense at We Power level, our holding company interest expense declined as we retired $450 million of 6.5% long-term debt on April the 1st of this year. In addition, we were able take advantage of the low interest rate environment in September when our Wisconsin Electric subsidiary issued 10-year bonds with a coupon rate below 3%. Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $6 million because of higher pre-tax earnings, offset by slightly lower effective tax rate. For the year, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35%. Combining all of these items brings you to $130 million of net income from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2011 or earnings of $0.55 per share. During the first nine months of 2011, we generated $828 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is up $174 million from the same period in 2010. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operation increased by $5 million. The adjustments relate to how GAAP treats changes in restricted cash as an investing activity while we look at this as an operating item. Our strong cash flows were driven by higher net income and higher non-cash charges related to depreciation and deferred income tax benefits as a result of bonus depreciation. Our 2011 operating cash flows were reduced by $257 million because of contributions to our qualified benefit plans. We made a $122 million contribution to our benefit plans in January and another $135 million contribution in September. No such contributions were made in 2010. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $612 million in the first nine months of 2011 and we are forecasting annual capital expenditures this year of approximately of $900 million, which is below our plan of $950 million. The reduction is primarily related to the timing of expenditures on the biomass project given a later start date than originally planned. The majority of our capital expenditures are in the utility business, and the largest projects are the air quality control system on the original Oak Creek units and the Glacier Hills wind park. We also paid a $182 million in common dividends for the first 9 months of 2011, which was a 30% increase over the same period last year. On a GAAP basis our debt-to-cap at the end of the third quarter was 56.5% and we were at 53.7% on an adjusted basis. These ratios are slight improvement over our December 31, 2010 levels of 56.9% and 54.1% respectively. The adjusted amount treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity. We may see a slight uptick in these ratios by the end of the year as we fulfill our capital budget commitment and repurchase shares. Consistent with our past practice we are using cash to satisfy any shares required for a 401(k) plan options and other programs. Going forward we do not expect to issue any shares, any additional shares. As we discussed in the past our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program that allows us to repurchase up to $300 million of our common stock through 2013. As Gale noted through today we have repurchased approximately $2.5 million common shares at an average price of $30.32 a share. Year-to-date, our weather normalized retail sales have grown by 1.2% compared to 2010. Excluding sales to our largest customer, the iron ore mines, year-to-date normalized sales increased by 0.6% compared to 2010. These results excluding the iron ore mines are about 0.5% better than our original forecast due to modest economic recovery and delaying some customer owned generation projects. I will now discuss our earnings guidance. We are raising our guidance for 2011 from a range of a $2.10 to $2.14 a share to a revised range of $2.13 to $2.16 a share from continuing operations. We’re comfortable raising the range because of our strong results for the first nine months of the year, which were driven by cold winter weather, hot summer weather, improved electric sales and effective cost controls. With that, I will turn the things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: Now, we would like to take your questions. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Gale Klappa: Hey, Greg, how about those Jets?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Hi, we had a good game going in the bye week. So I’m hopefully maybe we’ll get that Green Bay Jets matchup this year that we almost got last year. So anyway listen, your shareholders are sort of ecstatic that you’ve decided to increase the trajectory of the dividend come next year from your prior guidance of – I think it was 8% – 8% to 9% to the level you’ve just articulated. Can you talk through what is going on in terms of the cash flow profile of the Company that and the credit quality of company that gave your board comfort that that was a rational move and can you talk about whether you think there is more upside in your payout ratio relative to the industry average, or if you think you are getting close to the point of equilibrium?
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Greg. Let me first back up and talk about the policy that our board has adopted. As you will recall, our payout ratio because we had such a very solid use for our cash generation in investing in the Power the Future units, our payout ratio among utilities that do pay a dividend, is and remains one of the lowest payout ratios in the industry. Clearly now, as Power the Future is behind us, we want to become more competitive with our peers in terms of the dividend payout ratio. So, as we looked at our earnings profile and our cash generation over the next five years in our analysis, we believe we could afford, while maintaining very solid credit ratings. We could afford to move to a roughly 60% payout ratio and trend toward that 60% payout ratio by the year 2015. In our analysis, we said that that would support roughly an 8% to 9% annual dividend increase every year between now and 2015. Clearly, our cash generation is better this year than we projected, as you saw in Rick’s numbers on our debt-to-total cap, we continue to improve, and it was pretty clear to us that we could afford to move a little quicker in implementing that policy. So the policy remains same right now, of moving toward a 60% and trending toward a 60% payout ratio in 2015, is just we can move quicker with the strength of the underlying cash flows and the strength of the underlying earnings. And so, we will recommend to the board a 13% to 15% dividend increase for 2012, and then beyond that, we still believe we can support a roughly 8% annual dividend increase through 2015. I hope that responds to your question, Greg.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: That’s crystal clear. Can I ask on a separate subject, are you – now that you’ve got the regulatory deal in Wisconsin, do you feel that you are on track – do you feel that you are on track to get the costs out of the Company that you need to meet your end of the bargain and still earn at the level of return that you are earning into 2012?
Gale Klappa: A very good question Greg. We had mentioned in previous calls and in one-on-one conversations that we would have to reduce O&M expenses in many parts of the business next year to basically come close to earning our allowed rate of return at and still have flat base rates for our customers, and yes we’ve worked diligently to put those O&M plans in place and I think we are on track to deliver our end of the bargain.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great, great, but with weather having been so strong this year, are there other offsetting drivers that are going to help you get to that return because that’s clearly going to be a headwind?
Gale Klappa: Well, there are a couple of offsetting drivers; one of course is, we had a very good handle on how much O&M we were going to have to reduce and we are putting and finalizing the plans to do so. Then the second of course is with the shape of the plan that we put in place and we were basically going to get recovery on the $1.3 billion of new utility investment that will be coming into service next year. So, those two drivers I think are very important drivers to us achieving close to our allowed rate of return.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay, thanks Gale.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Greg. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Von Riesemann with UBS.
Gale Klappa: Jim, how are you doing?
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: I’m great. How are you?
Gale Klappa: Hanging in there, we’re doing all right.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Hear Rogers is the real deal.
Gale Klappa: He is the real deal. I think actually, Jim he is the most intelligent quarter back in the NFL bargain, you see really is the real deal.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Well, couple of questions for you, the first one is on CapEx, your disclosures throughout the year, you talked about declining CapEx trends through 2013. But as you look out towards say 2014 and beyond what do you see is the general trend there.
Gale Klappa: Well, we have – as you know we’ve made public I believe our specific capital expenditure program for ‘12 and I think for ‘13 as well. You can see in the public material are specific ‘12 and ’13. For ’14 and ’15, obviously we are still putting the final details in place and working through our specific capital spend plan for ’14 and ’15, but we have said that ’11 through ’15 is about $3.4 billion capital spending at our company.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: So basically there is no change and we can expect may be 725 and around that figure for ’14 and ’15 correct.
Gale Klappa: Well I’ll let you do the math.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Okay.
Gale Klappa: But I think you are pretty well right on.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Okay, second question that was a follow-up to Greg’s question can you talk a little bit more about your philosophy on how you think about your cash reinvestment. So if you would could you frame your response, how you think about rate based investments, dividends and buybacks and what makes you buyback stocks and say two times book value versus redeploying is elsewhere.
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Jim and we look at it really very simply and that is what is the best after tax return for our shareholders. What is the best use of our cash? And the answer to that is what provides the best after tax return for our shareholders. So clearly the number one priority would be to invest in solid utility projects where there is a need and clearly we cannot, should not, and will not propose a utility project that’s not needed for reliability or for customer growth or for safety and regulation and continued safe operation of the system. But as you can see we have about $3.4 billion of those kinds of utility projects on the horizon between 2011 and 2015. So number one use of the cash is to continue to be the most reliable utility in the country. Second then after that is asking the same question, what is the best after tax return for our shareholders, within the parameters of maintaining our credit ratings. And we simply drive our decisions off of that question. Right now, if the share price that we’ve been able to buy back share so far, Rick mentioned $30.32 a share on average. That still provides a better after tax return then paying a premium to lower our debt levels. So, we continue to look for appropriate utility projects. As you know, we have a list of other projects that we have on the horizon that we're looking at. Some of them would be outside the utility for example, if the state decided to try to put up for sale some of the state owned power plants, we would view that as a potential solid utility investment perhaps outside the rate base. But in general terms to Jim kind of how we look at the business and how we try to deploy the cash.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Great, thanks.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, congrats on the quarter and the dividend.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. How you doing, Mike?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: I’m okay. Can you, Rick – can you walk us through the various items from the regulatory portion of this call, increases and decreases in the line items impacted for next year? I am not asking for guidance, you talked through a number of regulatory moving parts, the amortization suspension, that type of stuff. The Michigan potential rate increase, can you just walk us through which line items get impacted by each of those items and just kind of rehash a little bit what those items were?
Rick Kuester: Yeah, we’ll give it a shot.
Gale Klappa: Give a shot, Mike. I think we will ask Steve Dickson our Controller to take the first shot at it here.
Steve Dickson: Mike, as we talk about the $148 million with the state of Wisconsin, the way that I look at that is if you just look at our income statement whatever you forecast for 2011 and use that as a base. The first thing that will happen is, within our O&M, there is a $148 million of amortization that will stop. So, everything else being equal, our O&M should be $148 million better. In addition, right now, we are accruing AFUDC on the projects, and once those projects go into service, the AFUDC will stop. So, those are two items that will stop – that will be reduced as compared to our forecast for 2011. Then what we will have when the plans go into service, we will have additional depreciation on those units. And so our depreciation costs will go up. So, our O&M should go down. Our depreciation will go up. Our AFUDC which is in other income will go down. Net, net, net, if everything else is equal our net income should be up and in effect that reflects the recovery of the plants that will go into service. And a key point here is that revenues everything else being equal will not change. So, our customers will not pay any additional amounts so revenues are flat. Does that make sense?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: I think that makes sense. How should we think about how much the AFUDC change will be because it has become hard to disaggregate the AFUDC that’s being tied to things like Glacier Hills or being tied to things like Domtar versus what South Oak Creek?
Gale Klappa: Go ahead, Steve.
Steve Dickson: I would say this year if you look at our AFUDC, the two big items relate to the air quality control system and Glacier Hills. Glacier Hills, I think Gale said should be in at the very beginning of the year, so we should have no AFUDC on that and then the air quality will be going in early 2012. So, I can’t give you an exact amount on this, but there will be a significant reduction in AFUDC. And then on top of that we will have additional AFUDC on Domtar.
Rick Kuester: But Domtar started Michael at the middle of the year. I think originally we had planned on spending about $100 million. We ended up, I think, spending closer to or expect to spending closer to $60 million this year. So, the effect on AFUDC from Domtar is relatively minor compared to the other two projects.
Gale Klappa: The guys are right, Michael, all but about $50 million or $60 million in that range of the AFUDC you are seeing on the income statement is attributable to projects that would be going into service next year.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: So, the best way to think about revenues – the only revenue change besides load growth and besides changes in fuel costs or purchased power costs is Michigan. And then O&M declined by 148, higher D&A as the assets go into service, lower AFUDC by significant amount as Glacier Hills and South Oak Creek go into service?
Gale Klappa: You are right and there is one other category of revenue change. It is modest, but that will be from our wholesale business, that’s the FERC regulated business.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: What is it you are expecting out of there? I mean is that just a change due to pricing change or is that a contract that is new that didn’t exist?
Rick Kuester: No, no.
Gale Klappa: It’s just formula rates, Michael.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it.
Rick Kuester: Under contracts now.
Gale Klappa: So, it’s an annual formula rate change.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And have you guys quantified that?
Gale Klappa: Yeah. But it was not significant we just didn’t want you to completely ignore it.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And last question can you – and I apologize I may have missed it because I was hoping on a little bit late, the amount of the Michigan rate increase?
Gale Klappa: Sure. Let me get back to that specific number for you. The interim self implement that we would propose to self implement in January is $7.7 million on an annual basis, the total rate increased filing is $17.5 million.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And when would you I guess the question if you do the interim January when do you get the remainder portion?
Gale Klappa: Well, by law, the Michigan Commission is obliged to make a decision in July early July of 2012.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Got it. Okay. Guys, thank you. Congratulations again. Much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome Michael. See you soon.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: See you in a couple of weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: I am okay. Yourself?
Gale Klappa: You are little echoing Paul.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Yeah, I am on cell phone sorry. What are you targeting for O&M reductions ‘12 versus ‘11?
Gale Klappa: I am sorry, did you say what are we planning for O&M reductions ‘12 versus ’11?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Yes.
Gale Klappa: There will be the adjustment that Steve just talked about when the rate plan goes into effect. But in terms of strict operational O&M, we probably have to pull more than $20 million of O&M costs out of the company next year compared to this year’s O&M spend in order to reach close to our ROE target.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Where is this spend getting pulled out of – I mean you’ve done a fantastic job year-to-date?
Gale Klappa: We really have a really solid management team focused on effective cost controls and it is 100 little things across virtually every aspect of the company. There is now one big item. We are just being more productive and more effective in our spending and literally it’s across every area of the company.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay, good enough. What on an absolute relative basis was the swing in fuel recoveries?
Gale Klappa: Steve, for the third quarter was pretty – not much change was there.
Steve Dickson: You are absolutely right. Absolutely flat this year third quarter compared to third quarter in 2010.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And what about on an absolute basis?
Gale Klappa: Under recovery itself for Q3?
Steve Dickson: Yeah, it was 34, just right at $34 million both quarters.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: $31 million over or under recovery?
Steve Dickson: $34 million under recovery.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. And given you are more optimistic about the dividend hike, any chance that you could have a similar thought around the share repurchase?
Gale Klappa: We would accelerate the share repurchase or increase it.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Authorize it?
Gale Klappa: No at the moment, we will stick with up to $300 million through 2013.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay, thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Welcome Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Travis. How are you today?
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Good afternoon. Good. Similar weather down here in Chicago, very beautiful., I am sure you are enjoying that as well, but quick question on the preferreds. Given the financing moves that you have made, I know it’s a small amount, but what’s the chance that you would address those preferreds and what factors are you thinking about, when you think about those preferred stock issues?
Gale Klappa: You are not talking about our hybrids, but you are talking about the T90 amount of preferreds that remain outstanding?
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Yeah, down at the utility right.
Gale Klappa: Of the utility. At the moment, we don’t have any plan to try to retire or recall those at all.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Is that because of the regulatory structure or is there something else that you would consider?
Gale Klappa: Because of the effectiveness and we will let Pat Keyes answer this, but my view would be it’s because – it’s a very cost effective financing for us. Pat?
Pat Keyes: Yeah, because of the age in which we issued those, we have a tax advantage for those preferreds that every – when we look at it, it’s just no cost effective for us to take them out.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Even given the rate that you issued new data?
Pat Keyes: Yes, given the rate. Correct.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay.
Rick Kuester: Travis, we look at what is the best use of funds, as Gale talked earlier. And as you know, we took out some holding company debt earlier this year and we continue to evaluate on an ongoing basis, how to optimize the capital structure. We view the preferreds as cost effective financing for us.
Travis Miller – Morningstar: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Gale Klappa: Good question. Thank you Travis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Levi, Caris.
Andy Levi – Caris: How you are doing Andy?
Andy Levi: Nice doing. Congratulations on your regulatory victory.
Gale Klappa: I wouldn’t call it a victory, I would call it that sense prevailed. I am not sense prevailed.
Andy Levi – Caris: Well, I was surprised. I thought they were going to give you a harder time. So congratulations on that, you did a great job. Couple of very, very quick questions. When do you give 2012 guidance, would that be on the first quarter call or before that?
Gale Klappa: Andy, for you January 2013, no that’s not. It will be on our year end call in February of 2012.
Andy Levi – Caris: Don’t give me a hard time here, I work on Wall Street not the kind of CA I used to be, okay.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, you are already having a hard enough time. You have been out in The Park lately?
Andy Levi – Caris: No, but probably will be panhandling there soon. The $2.13 to $2.16, how much of that do we back out to get to our base for 2011?
Gale Klappa: The base for – you are talking about our…
Andy Levi – Caris: Well, you have guided from $2.13 to $2.16, but is that kind of a base that we grow off of or…
Gale Klappa: No, but we have said as you know, that we believe we will be able to grow at about 5% average annual EPS growth through 2015, and the base as Rick and I have emphasized, is really the midpoint of our July guidance, which was $2.12 a share.
Andy Levi – Caris: That’s right, got it. Okay, thank you on that. And last but not least, what are you guys thinking as far as M&A? Is there anything that you can shed the light on there and whether you have any thoughts as far as, whether the State of Wisconsin needed to consolidate, whether your region, whether you guys are thinking – you are going alone here, not going alone? Any type of thoughts you can share, I know it’s a tough question, but any types of thoughts?
Gale Klappa: I appreciate the question Andy. Obviously we are open and continue to look at what might make sense in terms of mergers, acquisitions, consolidation. We have very specific criteria that we believe need to be applied to any particular potential situation and that is that we would want any acquisition that we would make to be a credit neutral accretive to earnings per share at least by the end of the first year, and have a long-term growth rate at least equal to what we believe our long-term growth rate looks like. So those are the criteria that we apply and frankly, if – I think those criteria are very important, because if you don’t adhere to those criteria, my own view is you are not creating shareholder value. So Rick and Al and I are very related to those criteria. And then beyond that there has to be a willing seller and a willing buyer. So, we are certainly not for our growth plans and for our continuing effort to deliver shareholder value. We are not counting on any potential merger or acquisition.
Andy Levi – Caris: Great, thank you guys.
Gale Klappa: Okay, hang in there, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Jay, how are you today?
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Great, Gale, how are you?
Gale Klappa: Doing well.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: A quick question on Domtar you indicated that the CapEx this year was coming in about $50 million and I was wondering should we shift that to ’12 or would that be sort of spread between ’12 and ‘13 until commercial operation.
Rick Kuester: I think it will be mostly in ‘12 Jay, this is Rick.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Oh, great, hey Rick, how are you?
Rick Kuester: Good, good.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Perfect. And then on industrial sales, Gale, I hear what you are saying and sort of weak recovery, but when I looked at some of the sequential numbers 1.8% growth in the second quarter compared with 0.3% in the third quarter. I’m just wondering if you can give us a little better sense of sort of exactly what you are seeing now and then what you expect to see in 2012, again specifically on the large commercial and industrial segment of your sales?
Gale Klappa: I’d be happy to Jay, a very good question. First of all, I would caution you a little bit about looking quarter-to-quarter sequentially because some of our larger customers like for example, the iron ore mines. They might have planned outages for their own maintenance at different times in the year and I know for example, Rick and I were talking about this the other day. Our September, individual month of September industrial sales were impacted by the fact that the mines took a planned outage earlier this year than they did last year. So, I think it's more instructive to look at a bit longer period of time, like a half or three quarters. When you look at that, industrial sales – we were I think appropriately cautious about our projections for growth in industrial sales, but we’re not seeing any substantial weakening and the sectors that I mentioned in the prepared script, iron ore mining, specialty steel and metal fabrication, production of industrial machinery, paper and printing, they are continuing to show some growth. Then in addition to that, I’ve been very encouraged. We’ve had a number of expansions in relocation announcements in the Milwaukee region in the last few weeks and I know from personal involvement there are more to come. So, we see some traction in terms of the industrial sector of the economy here. Again, nothing robust but steady and I think cautiously optimistic for continued modest growth.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Gotcha. So, if we were looking out to ‘12 and appreciate you haven’t given guidance yet, but if we are looking for a roadmap for that, wouldn’t be using something like that number, I know your 0.8% year-to-date if we want to look it at the way you are. Would that be sort of a good guidepost to begin thinking about ‘12 again just for the large industrial segment of your sales?
Gale Klappa: It’s probably a decent starting point. And again we are refining all of that and we will take our full blown and fully developed plan to the board in early December, but that’s a good starting point, Jay.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That’s great. Hey, thanks very much for the clarity. Look forward to seeing you in Florida.
Gale Klappa: Same here. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Seligson with Utility Financial.
Gale Klappa: Hi Carl, long time no talk too.
Carl Seligson – Utility Financial: Hey, Gale. That’s right. How you are doing?
Gale Klappa: Doing well. How about you Carl?
Carl Seligson – Utility Financial: Very well, thank you. I don’t know what you call this kind of a question, but it’s not a quick one. As you do all of your calculations, administrations over cutting O&M and where you are putting the money, how you are spending it, etcetera, etcetera. What are you thinking about in terms of rate effect on your customers? You are adding more high-priced, because I believe renewables are higher-priced than baseloads more higher price generation. And you are doing a lot of good things. And I suppose all three of you guys have a little black book like you used to have when you were in Atlanta, but it tells you all the right answers. Look at me and tell me, what are you projecting as far as annual increases for your customers? Percentage wise?
Gale Klappa: Rick had a different black book than I do.
Carl Seligson – Utility Financial: That’s right he did. I am sorry.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think actually there is good news here on the horizon for our customers. We have spent Carl, since 2003, $7.8 billion on upgrading the energy infrastructure of this region. It was badly needed. And today, we have an infrastructure in place that can actually support economic growth in this state and this region. So, that’s for starters and that has driven that $7.8 billion of spend has driven about 4% average annual rate increases for our customers in base rates for getting fuel.
Carl Seligson – Utility Financial: Which is not much?
Gale Klappa: No, but – it has a cumulative impact, but you are right. Overall, 4% average annual rate increase is not, I mean, given the spend that we have had and given the efficiency of what we built for our customers, I think it’s going to be huge value down the road, but with much of that spending behind us and even with $3.4 billion ahead of us, I think you are going to see a definite roll down in the size of the rate increases that we are going to be asking for, and I would hope we could do inflation or less in terms of after this next rate case, where we have to get $1.3 billion of new plant that will be coming into service recognized in rates. After that, I think you will see a substantially less in terms of average annual rate request from us. Rick, your thought?
Rick Kuester: I just add one other thing Gale is, I think the only thing that’s important – part of that $7.8 billion investment was significant investment in air quality control systems. And as we look at our position in the industry, we believe that we got a lot of that spending behind us. As we look forward while their impacts are on EPA rules, such as the CSAPR Rules or the 316(b) rules, we believe that our spending is really going to be relatively modest compared to many in the industry. So, I think cost relative to others, other jurisdictions, I think we are in pretty good shape.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, Rick is making a great point, Carl. You have seen estimates across the industry of the billions and billions of dollars literally that companies are projecting they are going to have to spend to meet these new EPA regulations. Our estimate is less than $100 million and it’s because we are positioned well. So, the trajectory of rate increases by the other utilities, particularly in the Eastern U.S. is going to be far greater than ours.
Rick Kuester: Well, that’s a great point for you, but it’s not necessarily a point for the public service commission. The commissions around the country have been cutting ROEs right and left as I am sure you are well aware. The most recent quarter was reported by RRA, the average ROE granted in the proceeding there was 10.2 and that’s coming down. It’s not going up and there has been some good work done by some of my colleagues in terms of the effect that, that might have and what does it mean as you get half a percentage point less and you’re allowed ROE than you did the last time around and that kind of thing. So, you’re going to have to watch it obviously and I’m sure you’re because you grow up with watching details very closely and I’m sure you're maintaining that even though you moved home.
Gale Klappa: Amen. And by the way, when Allen wanted to borrow a black book, he borrowed Rick’s number.
Carl Seligson – Utility Financial: That’s a great line. I remember that. I’ll see you in Florida.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin.
Gale Klappa: Dan, nothing goofy has been going on in Madison lately. You must be out of town.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: What do you mean, we’ve had occupy Madison here for nearly a year. They’re just getting started in New York.
Gale Klappa: Goodness, well Dan, we’re going to see you in Florida.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Yeah, I’ll be down there.
Gale Klappa: Okay, sounds good, what can we do for you today.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: I’m just curious if you could talk a little bit about given your higher dividend guidance and your share buybacks and your CapEx plans. I know you don’t have any maturities coming in 2012 but how will all of that affect financing plans in 2012?
Gale Klappa: Pat, do you want to talk about our financing. We don’t have any real maturities in ‘12.
Pat Keyes: Nothing is coming in I mean, we are working on our plans Dan still for next year. We will put something out and next time around we’ll have – set as tone as one can but yeah, you’re right. We don’t have anything urgent coming up next year. That’s going to force us down a certain path.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay, then I was just curious on the sales number, the retail sales are marginally down but total sales were up 3% in the quarter. It looks like the sales for resale doubled in terms of revenue besides just opportunity sales or is there more going on there in wholesale or sales for resale?
Gale Klappa: Allen, do you want to cover that?
Rick Kuester: Well, I want to add while Allen is looking at something. We’ve got a second Oak Creek unit. So we've got more base load capacity available to sale in market, Dan.
Gale Klappa: Steve, has got a particular line item he is looking at?
Steve Dickson: Just some thoughts what Rick said sales for resale more than doubled and again we have the capacity. Here was the hot summer, so we have to sell but the margin on that is very, very low.
Gale Klappa: Margin is low but it does speak to the efficiency of those units.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Is that something we could anticipate going forward?
Gale Klappa: Now, lot of it I think – well to some degree yes because we have this capacity in service but a lot of that was driven by a very hot summer.
Rick Kuester: Also all of this really goes to offset cost for customers.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, and Dan, just to reinforce what Rick is saying because those Oak Creek units are dedicated to our retail customer base, if we have any sales from those Oak Creek units to customers, other than our retail customers, the margin offsets our fuel costs for retail customers.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Then just on, when we think of the revenues going forward, you mentioned the FERC rate order, where would that tend to show up, would that show up in wholesalers or would that show up in other retail?
Gale Klappa: I believe that’s wholesale. Steve?
Steve Dickson: That’s correct. Wholesale customers with FERC.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, so they would be in the wholesale line.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay, that’s all I had. Thanks.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, see you in Florida.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Bring your sun tan lotion.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Or just a big floppy hat.
Gale Klappa: Either way, Dan.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (Ted Hine) with Point State Capital.
Gale Klappa: It’s good to hear from you. How are you, Ted?
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Doing well, how are you?
Gale Klappa: We’re doing fine.
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Great. Gale, I wanted to see if I could just ask, try to reconcile some comments you have made. The first was, I think in question that Greg asked. I believe you said, that you expected to have to grow the dividend at 8% to 9% off of the 11 base through 15 to get to a 60% payout ratio. 
Gale Klappa: That was our original, yes, when we asked the board to adopt our dividend policy. The new dividend policy that we’ve announced, which is trending toward a 60% payout ratio by and in 2015. We said that based on our analysis that would support average annual dividend increases over the period from 8% to 9%.
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Okay. If I do that math, if I grow $1.04 at 8.5% and through 15 and then apply a 60% payout ratio, that implies the earnings power of around $2.40. Then in the second question I think from Andy, you mentioned that your EPS was more of a 5% growth off of 2.12?
Gale Klappa: That is correct.
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Which would get you more to like 2.60? So I guess I am trying to figure is 2015, 2.60 or 2.40 or – I am just trying to reconcile those two?
Gale Klappa: I appreciate the question Ted. First of all, we are not prepared today to give you 2015 guidance. But I think we can give you some insight, by just kind of recasting our situation. What we have said is, we would propose the Board for 2012 a dividend increase in the range of 13% to 15%, and then, we still believe given our analysis of our financial condition and our cash generation, that we could grow the dividend beyond that by about 8% a year for ’13,’14 and ‘15
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Does that help Ted?
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: That’s helpful. And then I guess just to clarify what you said to Andy, you did say that you expect to have around 5%-ish growth off of the $2.12 base.
Gale Klappa: That is correct.
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Okay.
Gale Klappa: That’s what Rick keeps telling me. No, that’s our plan.
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Great, thanks a lot. See you guys down in Florida.
Gale Klappa: Look forward to you, Ted.
Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Thank you, bye-bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Gale Klappa: Greetings, Paul
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: How are you?
Gale Klappa: Fine. I’m still looking for element reflect look here.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: There might be lot of money in that. What I wanted to ask you…
Gale Klappa: Yeah, never mind.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: There are a bunch of transmission projects that are obviously happening in Wisconsin and one of them – the Prairie to Zion, I forget the actual name of it, but there is one that goes from I think Southeastern Wisconsin into Illinois…
Gale Klappa: Yeah, it’s Pleasant Prairie to Zion.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And I was just wondering with – I know all this stuff is sort of interconnected, if you guys have any sense as to what we might be seeing in terms of basis differential or opportunities for off-system sales or what have you into Illinois or potential price impacts you might see, you know, all things being equal between the two areas.
Gale Klappa: We are going to let Allen take a shot at that.
Allen Leverett: Yeah, I don’t have any forecast for you, Paul specially; if you put that 345 KV segment in, and it’s a relatively short transmission segment, I certainly don’t have any you know specific forecast of what that would do to basis differential. It is forecasted to go into service I believe in 2014.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Yeah, 2013, 2014, I think, yeah.
Allen Leverett: Yeah, so that sort of timeframe, but I do think based on the forecast that I have seen that we would see, you know, it always depends on what actual market conditions are but the long run models would indicate that there would be a pretty quick payback for our customers in terms of fuel savings for the investment that’s going into that line. So, it’s a relatively modest cost. I would expect a very quick payback, but I don’t have anything that would say, okay, in terms of dollar per megawatt hour differential change, I don’t have anything of that nature, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. But just to sort of elaborate a little bit on the fuel savings for customers, could you just say in terms of – that would be basically because you would be able to sell power for – you’d have more opportunity to sell power into Illinois?
Allen Leverett: Yes, that’s right because what happens often now because of limitations in the transmission system, in effect you sort of get shut in. You can’t run the units up to where they otherwise would have been without transmission constrains, so kind of bridging back to Steve Dickson’s response to I think may be Dan’s questions – Dan Jenkin’s question. We would hope to be able to do more sales, off system sales, get a little more margin that could then go against customer fuel cost, retail customer fuel cost.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Any sense as to the volume I guess megawatt that could show up in the Illinois areas result of what you guys – because of this line or anything else?
Allen Leverett: Paul, I really don’t have anything.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, okay, I just thought I’d ask. All my other questions have been answered. Thanks a lot guys.
Allen Leverett: Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale Klappa: All right, Michael.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, my apologies, I wanted two quick follow-ups. First of all, residential demand, what are you seeing and how much is – have you tried to aggregate or tried to break out what’s economic and what’s energy efficiency?
Gale Klappa: We try but that is more of an art than a science as you know, Michael but I will say this, we’re beginning to see two distinct patterns develop here this year. One is residential electricity use particularly in the shoulder months where it is much more convenient if you will to conserve. We’re beginning to see more conservation than one had expected in the past in those shoulder months. So residential demand for electricity in terms of kilowatt hour sales is down more than we projected it to be but the other offsetting pattern has been the stronger use in the commercial sector in offices, stores and other non-manufacturing firms. So when you put the two together, the upside in commercial and the downside in residential, they've about offset each other in terms of our forecast.
Rick Kuester: We feel since modest or very slight customer growth in the retail sector too. I think – we used to grow about 1% a year. We’re probably 0.1% something like that now.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And your comments on small commercial are interesting, just because a lot of companies, including some of the large ones in the southeast have actually seen small commercial demand weakness. I am just curious, is there something that's impacting the Wisconsin economy, that's significantly different than some of the other regions?
Gale Klappa: That’s a really good question. We have scratched our head about the stronger than expected growth in commercial. The only thing I can point to, is that the unemployment rate in Wisconsin and in Metro Milwaukee, as of the latest data is 7.6%. And as you know, with unemployment below the national average, that differential between where we are in the national average, is probably made up of a lot of small businesses. So I think we have got a little bit more employment here in our small businesses, given the lower unemployment rate than perhaps some other regions.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Last question, which quarter do you expect South Oak Creek online?
Gale Klappa: It will come through the – you are talking about the air quality controls?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Yes Gale.
Gale Klappa: It will come through – it has to be in by the end of 2012. But it will be in pieces throughout the year. Rick or Allen?
Rick Kuester: The first Unit, tie in starts this year. We got a fairly major outage this year, to tie the first unit in, and then they extend this over the first half of next year. So the unit will be coming in service, I would say roughly, half would be in April, half would be in June-July.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: So if I think about the AFUDC, you take a partial – it takes a partial dip at the beginning of the year at the end of 2011, and then another dip midway through the year when the second unit comes online?
Gale Klappa: Reasonable assumption, yes.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks guys. Much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Michael
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Senchak with Decade Capital.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Scott, how are you today?
Scott Senchak – Decade Capital: Good, how are you guys?
Gale Klappa: We’re doing fine.
Scott Senchak – Decade Capital: Great. You have shown us a slide before with your projected ‘12 and ‘13 rate base. Given the reduction in amortization from the rate agreements, should we now assume that that 13 rate base should be about $145 million higher?
Gale Klappa: Steve?
Steve Dickson: I think the amortizations relate to the regulatory assets, unless they are factored into the rate base.
Gale Klappa: So the answer is probably not.
Scott Senchak – Decade Capital: So your earning rate base would not go higher, even though – okay. Got you. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Gale Klappa: That does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you again for taking part. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available. I am told, she has her own version of the black book, at 414-221-2592. Thanks everybody. See you soon.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Gale Klappa – Chairman, President and CEO Frederick Kuester – EVP and CFO Steve Dickson – VP and Controller Allen Leverett – EVP; President and CEO, We Generation
Analysts:  Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Andrew Levi – Caris & Company Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference Tim Winter – Gabelli & Company Andy Levi – Caris & Company 
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting, and welcome Wisconsin Energy’s Quarterly Conference Call. This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are made based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us as we review the company’s 2011 second quarter results. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy Management team who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and CEO of We generation; Rick Kuester, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, our generous General Counsel; Pat Keyes, our Treasurer; and Steve Dickson, our Controller. Rick will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.41 a share for the second quarter of 2011. This compares with $0.37 a share for the comparable period last year. Our second quarter 2011 were driven by earnings from our $668 million investment in the second expansion unit at expansion unit at Oak Creek, which as you know came on line in January this year. Overall, we are quite pleased with our second quarter and our year-to-date performance. Now I would like to focus for a few minutes on the economy across our service area. After nearly double-digit rebound in 2010, electric sales to our large commercial and industrial customers rose by a little more than 1% in the first half of the 2011. When we take a look a little deeper inside the numbers, we see that the demand destruction from five large plant closings during the great recession is now being largely offset by modest growth and recovery in other sectors of the region’s economy. For example, we are seeing strength in iron ore mining, specialty steel production and in the paper and printing industries. And from talking with our largest customers, we are cautiously optimistic that the recovery will continue throughout the remainder of the year. Now, when we look at our residential customers, we see flat sales for the first half of this year compared to the first six months of 2010. As you know, however, the Midwest was in the grip of old-fashioned heat wave and residential and commercial dimension was strong. In fact the peak demand on our system rose to within 2.5% of our all-time record one-hour demand. One other point about recent heat wave, I’m pleased to report that our for new power the future units, the two natural-gas fired units at Port Washington and the two coal-fire units at Oak Creek performed very well. Before units were online the throughout the hot spell, they were war course units. Helping to meet customer needs in a very cost-effective manner. As a result, there were no runouts, no blankouts, no threats of curtailment and no long calls to interrupt our industrial customers. The experience reaffirms our decision to complete our Power the Future plan, investing in critical energy infrastructure to ensure the liability from Wisconsin and the upper peninsula of Michigan. And now I would like to update you on the three significant construction projects that we have underway. The 50 Megawatt biomass plant in northern Wisconsin, the glazier hills wind park, north-east of Madison and the air quality control upgrade of original Oak Creek units. As a mention on previous call, 50 megawatt cogeneration plant to be fueled with biomass at a paper mill site in Northern Wisconsin, which is owned by Domtar Corporation was proposed by our company really know almost 2 years ago generation plan will help us to diversify our renewable energy portfolio. We will have the ability, as you know, to dispatch the unit and the efficient technology will clearly benefit the existing paper mill. In the second quarter of this year the Wisconsin Public Service Commission gave the final approval for the project. The project was also approved by our board and by the Domtar Corporation Board of Directors. In late June we broke around and began construction. The investment in the biomass plant is expected to total between 245 and $255 million excluding allowance for funds used during construction. At the early stage of the project, we are on schedule and on budget to meet the completion day by the end of 2013. The other large renewable project on our pipeline is the Glacier Hills Wind Park, the 162 MW energy center located approximately 45 miles northeast of Madison. We’re now erecting 90 wind towers across more than 15,000 acres of rolling farmland and we’re scheduled to complete the project on time and on budget by the end of this year. Our current estimate of the capital cost for Glacier Hills is $361 million. This estimate does not include allowance for funds used during construction or reimbursable transmission costs. The Glacier Hills Wind Park and the biomass projects are two key components that will allow us to meet Wisconsin’s renewable portfolio standard for the year 2015. To refresh your memory, the standard calls for an increase in the amount of electricity we supply with renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 20% in 2015 at a state-wide level. The standard also sets targets for each of the Wisconsin utilities using an historical baseline. Using that baseline, approximately 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. As I mentioned, when the complete the two large renewable projects, we now have under construction, we will be well positioned to meet the 2015 standard. I should point out however that we will be depleting our bank of our renewable credits after 2015 and as a result, we expect to need additional renewable capacity by the year 2017. Finally, we are well along on the air quality control upgrade at the original coal-fired units on the Old Creek site. The older units at Oak Creek are among the most efficient base load units in the mid-west. So the economic solution for our customers was to invest approximately $900 million including allowance for funds used during construction for the installation of wet flue gas desulfurization and selective catalytic reduction facilities. We expect the new controls to be completed in 2012. Construction is progressing very well, the project now is about 83% complete and once again we are on time and on budget. And now I’d like to briefly mention where we stand on the Wisconsin and Michigan regulatory fronts on May 26 we filed an application with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission requesting no net increase in base rates for the year 2012. Our proposal includes the following key items. First authorization to suspend the amortization of a $148 million of regulatory assets in 2012. Second authorization to include $148 million of the carrying costs and depreciation, for the air quality controls of that will creek and for the Glacier Hills Wind Park. Third a fuel cost plan for 2012, and finally a one-time credit to customers of $26 million. The credits stand for most Wisconsin Electric’s settlement and spread nuclear field litigation in the US Department of energy. We also ask for the authority to re-open the rate proceeding next year, for new rates that would be effective in 2013. Now keep in mind that under a traditional rate case, we would have filed for a base rate increase of approximately 6% for Wisconsin Electric’s retail customers in the year 2012. We also said that if the commission was not comfortable with our creative approach. We’d proceed with a traditional rate case. After reviewing our request, the commission stab issued a memo last week with several alternatives for the commission to consider. A stab asked for final comments from all the parties in the case by the end of the day tomorrow July, 29. So as to think about our request and about the stab memo. There are several things to keep in mind. First, the stab ordered of our projected revenue needs points as we expected to a revenue deficiency for 2012. Using the stab numbers, we believe the revenue deficiency would be approximately $100 million in 2012. And that’s before any company – to the stab’s proposed adjustments. Company would take place in any additional rate proceedings. This clearly implies that a traditional rate case would result in rate increase in 2012. Secondly, we offered, what we believe was a unique approach to keeping base rate flat for customers during the economic recovery. And finally the company has big ability to file a full rate case at any point in time. So after assessing the stab memo, we believe the only viable alternatives are the two past, we’re originally proposed. A zero based at increased by 2012 with our recommended approach or a traditional rate case. We expect to this constant commission to decide in August. Starting that to our Michigan operations. Earlier this month we be filed $17.5 million rate increase request with Michigan Public Service Commission. The request is recover from a Michigan customers, they’ll provide a share of renewable generation, environment controls and costs associated with the unit 2 at Oak Creek. These costs are already by the way being recovered in the Wisconsin jurisdiction in Michigan recovery takes place only after an asset is completed and placed into commercial service. As provided for under Michigan law, we planned to self-implement 7.7 million of our rate increase request in January of 2012 we expect the Michigan commission to rule on the entire request by July of next year. In summary, at the halfway point of 2011, the companies performing at a high-level and our power in the future investments are clearly providing tangible benefits for our customers and our stock holders. And while we systematically look for solid utility investments in the future that we meet our risk profile, we’re pleased that our board is approved two measures that will deliver additional shareholder value. As I mentioned in May we have approval to repurchase up to $300 million of Wisconsin Energy common stock between now and the end of 2013. The board has also approved a dividend policy that will target a 60% payout ratio by the year 2015. This policy of course should support dividend increases of about 8% to 9% a year for the next several years. And now with more details on our second quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2011, here’s our Chief Financial Officer Rick Kuester. Rick?
Frederick Kuester: Thanks Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our 2011 second quarter earnings from continuing operation were $0.41 per share. The results were slightly better than our plan because of lower than the expected benefits cost and a favorable adjustment related to income tax expense. Although, I’ll focus my comments in operating income from continuing operations by segment and then touch on other income statement items, I did want to mention that we also recorded a gain of $0.05 per share from discontinued operations. As a result of the resolution of several state and federal tax issues. I will also discuss year-to-date cash flows and guidance for the third quarter and the full year. Our consolidated operating income in the second quarter of 2011 was $174 million as compared to $163 million in last year’s second quarter, an increase of $11 million. We clearly benefited from a full quarter’s earnings from the second expansion unit at (inaudible). Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $88 million which is down $10 million from the prior year. As we discuss on our last call we expect our utility earnings to be down this quarter because of warmer than normal second quarter in 2010 and increased operating cost in 2011. Colder weather negatively impacted this quarter results but our calls came in slightly better than anticipated. We estimate that a cooler April and May helped our gas margins by $11 million as compared to second quarter 2010. However we experienced a mild June this year and we estimate weather reduced our electrical margins $16 million as compared to second quarter last year. When we combine the electric and gas margins. We experienced to decline of $5 million on the year-over-year basis due to weather. The other significant factor in packing utility operating income for the quarter relates to the collection of fuel revenues. On the net basis, we were $9 million worse in the second quarter of 2011 as compared with last year. When you take the weather and fuel recovery together, with all other items you see the $10 million decline in the operating income at the utility. Our operating income in the non-utility energy segment which includes repower came in as expected. We saw higher operating income of $21 million that was driven by the commercial operation of unit 2 Widow Creek. We would expect this favorable variance to continue in the third and the fourth quarter. Taking the changes for these two segments together, you arrive at $11 million increase in operating income for the second quarter of 2011. During the second quarter of 2011 earnings from our investment in the American transmission Company total just over $15 million. Other income increased by $5 million because of higher APDC on our utility construction projects. Primarily the air quality control system for the elder Creek units and the Glacier Hills went par. Net interest expense increased by $4 million primarily because of interest expense associated with the second unit at Oak Creek. In January we issued $420 million of long-term debt, to replace short-term debt used to finance the construction of the unit 2. In addition once unit 2 achieves commercial operation, we no longer capitalized interest on the construction work in the progress. While we saw increased interest expense at to the power level, our holding company interest expense a decline as we retired $450 million or 6.5% long-term debt on April 1 of this year. Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $2 million because of higher pre-tax earnings, offset by slightly lower effective tax rate. During the second quarter, our income tax expenses was reduced by $2.2 billion because of our favorable resolution of uncertain tax decision in our continuing operations. For the year we expect our effective tax rate to be between 34% and 35%. Combining all of these items brings you to get $98 of net income from continuing operation for the second quarter of 2011 or earnings of $.41 per share. During the first six months of 2011 we generated $649 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is up $225 million in the same period in 2010. Our strong cash flows were driven by higher net income and a higher non-cash charge of related to depreciation and deferred income tax. On an adjusted basis our cash of operation increased by $106 million. The adjustment related to how GAAP treat changes in restrictive cash as in inventing activity, while we look at this as an operating on item. Our 2011 cash flows were also reduce by $122 million, because of contributions to our benefit plans. No such contributions were made in 2010. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $347 million in the first six months of 2011. And we are forecasting annual capital expenditure this year of approximately $950 million. The majority of our capital expenditures are in the utility business and the largest project the air quality control system at the Oak Creel site and the Glacier Hills in Wind Park. We also paid $122 million in common dividends in first half 2011, which was a 30% increase over the same period last year. On a GAAP basis, our debt-to-cap ratio was 55.2% and we were at 52.4% on an adjusted basis. These ratios were an improvement over our December 31, 2010 levels of 56.9% and 54.1% respectively. The adjusted amount treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity. We might see a slight uptick these ratios by the end of the year as we fulfill our capital budget commitments and repurchase shares. However, we expect our year-end ratios to be well under the prior year numbers. Consistent with our past practice, we are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Through July 25, 2011, we have repurchased approximately 650,000 common shares at an average price of approximately $31.40 under the $300 million share repurchase program that Gale mentioned. We will update you each quarter on the progress of our share repurchase program. As Gale mentioned, we are cautiously optimistic that the investment recovery will continue through the year based on our electric sales volume for the first half. Anticipated declines due to plant closings in some segments were offset by growth in other segments. To-date, our weather normalized retail sales have grown by 0.8% as compared to 2010. Excluding sales to our largest customers the iron ore mine, normalized sales were leveled with 2010 for the first half of the year. These results were in line with our overall forecast. I will now discuss our earnings guidance for this year. We are raising our annual earnings guidance from a range of $2.05 to $2.10 a share to a revised range of $2.10 to $2.14 a share from the continuing operations. We’re comfortable rising this range, because of our strong results through the first half of the year, which were driven by cold weather, slightly strong electric sales to our largest customers and effective cost controls. We will also benefit from the extremely hot weather we have experienced in July, but with that said, we still have over five months to avoid the risk. Offsetting these factors will be unfavorable fuel collections as compared to our original plan. For the third quarter of 2011, we are forecasting earnings per share from continuing operations in the $0.47 to $0.50 a share range. Last year we earned $0.47 a share in the third quarter, restated for the 2 for 1 stock split earlier this year. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, we see four large items that are expected to cause variance in quarterly earnings. First, last year was very hard and we estimate that weather helped our third quarter earnings by $0.8 a share. Second, with the implementation of new fuel rules, we expect to see a favorable variance of $0.05 in fuel recoveries this quarter. We expect to undercollect fuel cost in the third quarter, but collect more than in 2010. Third, we expect increased O&M expenses associated with strong damage in July and a major maintenance project that went about 18 facilities. Finally, the income from unit 2 at Oak Creek should boast third quarter earnings by $0.3 a share. These four factors get us to about $0.48 a share from continuing operation for the third quarter of 2011. We increased the range slightly for the hot July weather. With that, I will turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Rick, Thank you very much. Overall, we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Paul. Good afternoon.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Good afternoon. Congratulations.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. Is there anything particular you’re congratulating us about, Paul?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Solid quarter, good company, good management.
Gale Klappa: Keep on, I like that. Thank you, Paul. What can we do for you?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Just wondering the lower benefits you experienced in the second quarter, was there a timing issues or should that fall through the rest of the year?
Gale Klappa: Actually, it’s a very good question. And let me say this. One of the benefits that we saw in terms of lower costs in the first half was related to employee healthcare, our active medical plans and the cost they incurred. Whether that really transcend through the entire year this year. We just don’t know yet. But certainly that was one of the major factors that helped us achieve lower O&M cost during the first half of the year. As you know sometime these medical claims content to be lumpy, but we did have a very good experience on medical claims and medical payments in the first half.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay, thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Hi, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Brian, how are you doing today?
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Good, thanks. Could you just remind us when the share buyback program went into effect? And it looks like you’ve done $20 million worth of buyback. It was in effect, just wondering if that’s kind of a run rate we should expect?
Gale Klappa: Well, obviously we’re looking at this as we go. I wouldn’t necessarily project the continuous run rate. But the share buyback program was authorized by our board. At the board meeting right before annual meeting on May 5, and I believe we actually began repurchasing some shares in July.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And then, on the tax rate, I think you said 34% to 35% in ‘11, is – will it revert back to 36% tax rate post 2011? Or is that kind of the new-tax basis?
Gale Klappa: We’ll ask our controller Steve Dickson to answer that question for you.
Steve Dickson: I think next year it’ll take up a little bit slightly. This year we’re getting the benefit from equity AFUDC, as Rick had mention on the air quality project and – excuse the, wind mill in the glacier hills. So, once those (inaudible) and the service will stop having AFUDC equity, which has – as a permanent item. That’s giving us a little benefit this year and we’ll lose a little bit of that next near.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Great, thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Brian. Appreciate your questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale Klappa: There are going to be football, Michael.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: There is going to be football although. I’m more of a college guy, so NFL plays, and NFL players. As long as the SEC is meaning the southeastern conference has been busy is busy, I’m okay.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, roll tight, okay.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: You got it. Question for you. When you think about procedurally how kind of what happens from here at the PSCW around your request kind of the accounting order for such having a full bloom GRC. And if you wind up having a full bloom GRC, what would the timeline in the implementation of rates look like, I mean you’re kind of already – several months behind in the process, if you’re about the start up a typical nine or 10 month process.
Gale Klappa: Good question, Michael. First of all, we do expect that the commission will vote on our proposal in August. So I don’t think we’re going to see a significant delay from here in getting a decision from the commission on Door A or Door B. Door A being our creative approach to holding base rates flat or us filing a full rate case and moving through that proceeding. One bit of insight into, if we had to go through Door B, which obviously we believe the company would be just fine going through Derby. We have already filed – when we filed on May 26, we already filed all the backup data related to our projected revenue requirements for 2012. And when the staff did its memo relating to various options or various ideas that they had, what they actually published in that memo was a preliminary audit of our 2012 – what a 2012 rate case might look like. So we are not as far behind procedurally if we had to go through Derby as one might expect because all the data has been on file. We would refresh the data and if the Commission wants us to proceed with a full general rate case, my guess is, we could file the remaining refreshed data within a couple of weeks after that decision.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. So we wouldn’t be starting from August into a nine or 10 months process? We would be in kind of the mid-point of it and you would start getting briefs and final briefs and have hearings and go from there in the back end half of the year?
Gale Klappa: That certainly would be our thinking. We would not be in anyway share perform into a nine or 10 months process from there. I just do not see that. And is to say, we are really ahead of the curve from the standpoint of – really on May 26, we filed all the necessary data to allow the staff to audit the revenue projections and the cost for 2012.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: Rick is making a point, Michael. We did that for base rates. And then under the new fuel rules, all the utilities have to file their separate fuel plan really within a matter over the next few weeks.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. I will follow-up offline in the fuel plan stuff.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Terrific. Thank you, Michael.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Gale Klappa: Hello, Paul. How are you today?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: All right. Good afternoon. I want to follow-up on Michael’s question on the rate case.
Gale Klappa: Do you have Michael’s number?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: No. I don’t. I don’t actually. But I wanted to ask you about, I mean, it sounded like they were giving you – that they were presenting options and when I – and maybe I got it wrong, but I was at the impression that this is sort of a take or leave it option that you are providing in terms of this alternative? That in other words, you basically go to a full on rate case as opposed to some of the alternatives that they were proposing. Could you elaborate a little bit on that or where that stands now?
Gale Klappa: Sure, I’ll be happy to. The staffs did seem to – as we went through the staff memo, the staffs certainly did seem to provide some potential alternatives adjustments. I’m not sure as I’ve read through that they have actually recommended anything except that they put on the table several other options. One, I think compelling point, as we’ve read through that staff memo is that, if the answer is zero then getting to zero with staff adjustments versus getting the zero with our proposal, leaves the customer in exactly the same spot in 2012. The customers now better off. But if the staff makes adjustments, then the company would be weaker. So our view as I mentioned in the script is really our only two viable, workable options here. One is, the creative approach with the order that we described or we will certainly proceed with the full case and that’s because the real issue here is how to make room for and how to begin recovering almost $1.3 billion of new investments in projects the commission is already approved and projects are on time and on budget. So the issue we are trying to deal with here is, we clearly have under Wisconsin regulation, we clearly have $1.3 billion but has to begin being recovered in rates next year and we thought we could find a way through the accounting order and the seizing of the amortization of some of the commission I’ll use, they’ve given us. We thought we could manage the company and stay flat with base rates next year but if that’s not the case, in other words if they feel like that’s just not the way to go. Then you’re correct, the only viable alternative is to proceed with the full case.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then switching to the MISO market and the capacity proposal that they came up with now I know that you are mostly regulated and I would think that they probably want to be that much opportunity from a profit and loss perspective perhaps doing capacity sales or what have you into another market. But I was just wondering if there was any impact on rates or any comment that you have with respect to the MISO capacity market filing, what they made it for it?
Gale Klappa: Well certainly let Alan give you his view of just to frame it. Again all of the new capacity we have built– you’re absolutely right. It’s dedicated to retail customers. So I wouldn’t see from the MISO capacity proposal really any significant impact on any of the power of the future units. We do make opportunity sales, but I don’t see any major impact, Alan, do you?
Allen Leverett: No I think from a practical standpoint. Given the capacity situation in the MISO foot print as a whole, meaning a reserved margin as a whole as MISO act. I don’t see any impact really of any significant degree on us for a quite a long time.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Allen Leverett: And once I impact any sort of additional credits coming back to retail customers.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great I appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcomed. Thanks for your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) with TDP Capitals.
Unidentified Analyst: Well (inaudible) how are you today?
Gale Klappa: I’m doing well. Good afternoon.
Unidentified Analyst: I got to ask now – are you being paid in Canadian dollars on in U. S. dollars because I’m worried about the exchange rates.
Unidentified Analyst: U. S. unfortunately. So we will see.
Gale Klappa: Well, try to renegotiate this.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, I’m domestic. So, I won’t have a currency translation issue.
Gale Klappa: Okay. How are you doing?
Unidentified Analyst: I’m doing well. My question is – as I recall vaguely, and you can remind me whether, what I’m thinking of – I thought there was like I think, either the – Wisconsin or a municipal entity had sold, like a power plant or something like that within the state of Wisconsin. And I’m wondering as you have opportunities to deploy capital, besides from, renewables and maybe additional ATC opportunity et cetera. Are there – do you could see the opportunity for assets within state of Wisconsin that are currently owned by cooperative sort of municipal’s that may be going through financial to us right now given the economy and everything like that or simply priorities that may become available to you that – we are to be that could be possible?
Gale Klappa: Very good question but you will – and you have seen some something, I’m sure referring to and some of the new stories about the state budget issues. The state does own, the state of Wisconsin itself, does own 29 different steam or power generation facilities, many of them co-gen facilities, scattered throughout the state of Wisconsin. These facilities have traditionally been owned by the state operated by state employees and generally provide energy services or steam services to state buildings ranging from the University of Wisconsin campus in Madison to the state actually. Walker administration has taken a position that they believe given the major amounts of capital that will probably have to be spend to upgrade a number of these plants with modern environmental control, that they might consider a sale, of those state own power plants, that would take a piece of legislation. We believe the legislation might be introduced this fall, to enable the Department of Administration, to basically conduct a sale of some or all of those plants. So that is probably what you are hearing. We would have some interest in some of those facilities and it certainly could be if the legislation pass, the potential investment opportunity for us right here inside the state of Wisconsin.
Unidentified Analyst: And, does that appear that – that’s probable?
Gale Klappa: Again I think the Walker Administration is going to assess whether or not they will not introduce the legislation this fall. We have some recall elections that are underway in the state right now and I don’t think anything will be decided in terms of a particular piece of legislation on this or any other subject now until after the recall elections. Recall election should be completed by mid-August and then I would think we would have a much clear view of the landscape.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That was it. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, (inaudible).
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Levi with Caris & Company. Just, I had missed, reason you took up guidance was why?
Gale Klappa: The reason, I don’t know why that made me laugh. Andy, because we wanted to make your day. How’s that.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: That’s fine. I didn’t hear, I apologize.
Gale Klappa: No, no problem. We had a solid first half. Much of it driven by a colder winter. We have effective cost controls and as we look at where we stand erect, we decided it was the right thing to do to raise the guidance.
Steve Dickson: Yep. Maybe a little bit improvement in electric sales in the second quarter to (inaudible).
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay. And just to understand there’s Door A, Door B on this proposal, but there’s no Door C, that’s basically what you’re saying.
Gale Klappa: That is correct. And we’re not trying to difficult about it. It’s just that, we have real situations with 1.3 billion of capital, coming into service on project that commission has approved. And that has to be dealt with. So that’s why there’s only a Door A, or Door B.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: And when we get comments tomorrow, I guess, then the next open meeting or open is what August 3rd or something like that? And then August 10th, after that is that kind of where we should think there might be some type of oath by the commissioners?
Gale Klappa: I believe, although I don’t think there are seven concrete I believe it’s August 3, and August 11.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: 11, okay, thank you. And just to understand the $100 million that was the revenue deficiency? That was based on what 10, 5 ROE?
Gale Klappa: No, that was based on our current allowed ROE.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Which is the – what is that – it had them?
Gale Klappa: 10 forward.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: 10 forward.
Gale Klappa: And Andy, you’ll see some tomorrow. All of the parties in our proceeding year are supposed to have their comments in tomorrow.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: All right.
Gale Klappa: Well, actually see in our comments a chart, that lays out how – that lays out how we get to that roughly $100 million based on staff adjustments revenue deficiency for 2012.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay.
Gale Klappa: That will be very clear for you tomorrow, and for everyone to see.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay. So you guys will be filing something tomorrow as well.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely, we upgrade.
Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay. Thank you very much guys. And doing a great job as Mr. Richard said.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins, State of Wisconsin Conference.
Gale Klappa: Dan?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: I have ask this but how was I make it bike riding?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Unfortunately, I didn’t see it. I wasn’t a participant, but I didn’t see it unfortunately.
Gale Klappa: Let me get this straight about medicine law. Someone said it’s only illegal to do that if you get complained about.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: I think that’s subject to interpretation.
Gale Klappa: Well. I’m glad you knew relative (inaudible)
Steve Dickson: What can we do for you, Dan?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: First a little bit on the Wisconsin rate filing, are there any interveners involved in that case beyond the staff and the company that have taken positions yet or expected to take positions?
Gale Klappa: Yes, Dan, there are two traditional participants in the case other than the staff and the company and that’s CUB, the Citizens Utility Board and WIEG, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group. Their initial comments were we don’t have a philosophical opposition to door A or door B, but they’d like to see some numbers from the staff. So now that the staff has done its memo, we would expect that CUB and WIEG would make some comments. They certainly have been invited to by the deadline by the end of the day tomorrow.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. So that will pretty much all clarified by tomorrow.
Gale Klappa: That would be our thought.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. And then related to the Michigan rate request, I missed them, what was the amount of that again?
Gale Klappa: The request is $17.5 million, of which under Michigan law, we would plan to self-implement a portion of that about $7.7 million in January. And then we would expect a – under Michigan procedures and law, we would expect a decision from the Michigan Commission on the full case by July of next – sometimes July of next year.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. And what was the ROE that you requested in that case?
Gale Klappa: I believe it’s exactly same ROE, 10.4.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: 10.4. Okay. And then I was curious on your electric forecast, the fact that you did raise guidance a little bit. I was wondering what your second half assumptions are related to retail sales growth and in terms of megawatt hours both topline and for the large CNI group?
Gale Klappa: Well, Dan, essentially we are leaving our forecast unchanged. We make an annual forecast – really when you weather normalize our first half, we are dead on the forecast. Some segments are better, some segments are worse, but when you net it all through and weather normalize, our first half 2011 sales actually have been literally dead on the forecast. So we didn’t see a need to actually change the forecast, because that forecast, as you know, is done on a weather normal basis, but obviously we have seen very strong demand in July and that couple with the cold winter and solid earnings for the first half really lead us to a decision to raise the guidance.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Now do you anticipate the 1.8 that you saw from the large CNI in the second quarter being kind of the run rate going forward or do you have an opinion on what to expect in that class.
Gale Klappa: We would hope so, but again at this stage of the game, we don’t think there’s a lot of merit in doing minor adjustments to the annual sales forecast. But again, there would be upside if we saw the stronger economic recovery in the industrial sectors in the second half.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. And then the last thing I was wondering about relates to cash from operations, it’s quite a bit stronger in the first half versus last year and I know you had the tax settlements so forth in one of the big gain for us in the deferred income tax, investment tax credits. And then also on working capital, and so as well how we should think about those categories on the cash flow in the second half.
Gale Klappa: Ric or Steve, you want to try to answer Dan’s question about, particularly about working capital.
Steve Dickson: I think the question was cash from operations and it was strong, and I would see it continuing strong. Net income, we project it to be up over the prior year, depreciation, non-cash charges, those should increase over prior year’s, so those are good uses of cash. Our deferred income tax as I talked about it earlier is bonus depreciation as it carry through the end of the year, and our working capital, one of the guidance in there was we are able to reduce some of our inventory, so that was strong for the first six months. I think our working capital is one of the drivers there as our gap in storage and if you can tell us the gas price will be at the end of the year, we will have a better idea but we feel good about the first six months we are seeing it continuing through the year.
Gale Klappa: And just to refresh your memory, Dan, we said we’ve about 100 million impact from bonus depreciation issue and $200 million next year as cash stand point
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. So I guess– how does that translate given you have about 600 million of CapEx in the second half into financings each in the second half.
Gale Klappa: We, we have to look also at maturities when you look at our financing needs. I would expect because it’s in our financial plans, that we would, we would have a bond offering at Wisconsin electric level sometime in the second half of this year.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You are more than welcome. Careful on the bike.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Bye.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Bye.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Winter with Gabelli & Company
Gale Klappa: Hi, Tim, how are you?
Tim Winter – Gabelli & Company: There I go – how are you? I’ve got a couple, couple of questions. One is if you go down and have fully fall rate case. What – is it like and then extends into next year is it? Would it be likely that the rain increase would be retroactive to January 1st?
Gale Klappa: No. Under Wisconsin law, there really is no retroactive rate making if you will. So – but there will be two pieces, obviously, there would be the separate fuel plan, fuel cost plan and under the new fuel rules that went into effect the commission would – we would file and we were not to do, nor was any other utility in Wisconsin due to file the fuel cost plan until next month. So we would be on time in terms of the normal schedule for a fuel adjustment, at the end of December starting in January. So that piece would not be affected by a schedule for a general rate case. So the only piece that would be, would be base rates. And there we would certainly try to work with the commission and the staff to try to get a timely decision. As you may have heard me answer one of the other callers, we’re really not all that far behind the curve because of all the data that was filed on May 26, that has already allowed the commission staff to do a preliminary audit of 2012 adjustments and expenses in revenue needs.
Tim Winter – Gabelli & Company: Okay. Great. Then second question, can you update us on the ‘12 and ‘13 CapEx budget? And then maybe give some idea what types of rate base growth that you may have post 13?
Gale Klappa: Absolutely, we would be happy, Rick and I will do that together. And we’re turning to a page right now where we have our ‘12 and ‘13 broken down.
Steve Dickson: This is on our website too.
Gale Klappa: We have about – just to start off. We have about a run rate on depreciation. We have about $250 million a year, $250 to $260. For actually it would be going up to – 2012 would be $310 and 2013 would be $320, that’s our estimate of depreciation in each of those two years. And then as you know – we have a significant amount of capital spend that we need to do on what I call network renewal. And a lot of that is simply replacement of aging powerful transformers, substations, conductors etcetera. So we have a run rate of about $400 million a year in ‘12 and ‘13 for network renewal and then we also have additional spending on environmental and renewable, Rick?
Frederick Kuester: Yeah. And then if you look at our rate base, we are showing our rate bases $6.7 billion in $2012 and essentially flat to 2013 because of the effects of the bonus depreciation. So basically a flat rate base from ‘12 to ‘13 exactly right, if you would have looked at this slide, that’s on our website, six months ago or some months ago we would have been projecting about a $7 billion rate base in 2013. With the bonus depreciation, which gives us cash now, basically it took the rate base growth down back, took the rate base growth down and that’s why we are showing the 67 and 67 in terms of projected rate base for 12, 13. Is that respond to your question.
Tim Winter – Gabelli & Company: Yeah. So I was just wondering, what sorts of longer-term projects post our team, that you’re considering?
Gale Klappa: We have a very significant list of projects that we are systematically working our way through. We talked about a couple of them earlier, one is the possibility that the state may divest some of its energy assets. And that would certainly give us an investment opportunity. We know, as I mentioned in the script that we’re going to under the current law need additional renewables beyond 2016. We still have to deal with aging gas and electric distribution infrastructure. And I’m very confident that we’re going to be seeing additional capital spending probably in that ‘13 and ‘14 timeframe and we have budgeted related to – additional regulations related to gas distribution and pipeline safety. Of those regulations and those proposals are being debated right now by FERC and the Congress. But remember we have a pretty sizable natural gas distribution business. And I’m quite confident we’re going to see to meet additional requirements of the gas network in particular additional capital spend. And then as you know, EPA is continuing to form related additional air quality control rules and air quality control, it’s the water intake rules as well of many of the power plants. The plants that don’t have cooling towers today. So there is a whole range of potential investment opportunities and we are systematic working our way through those to see what our 2014, 2015, 2013 capital spend looks like. Rick anything you would like to add?
Frederick Kuester: Thank you very much. Gale.
Tim Winter – Gabelli & Company: Great. Thank you guys.
Frederick Kuester: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Caris & Company.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Andy. You’re back.
Andy Levi – Caris & Company: Yeah. And just a quick follow-up, the 210 to 214 can we carry out through to 2012.
Gale Klappa: Andy, right now, because of where we stand in terms of trying to work through the 2012 revenues with the commission, I think, we really can’t give you 2012 guidance right now. But we certainly wanted to give our best look at the remainder of 2011. Inspired
Andy Levi – Caris & Company: I understand the guidance, but in the sense the things that get you to the 210, 214 or sustainable in 2012.
Gale Klappa: Well, part of what get us to the cold winter and hot July. So I would leave that to your discretion but I would say that at the present time we need to keep our power cool here for 2012 dry exactly. But the other hand is that why we do have some APDC in there for Glacier Hills went apart and the air controls that swap or create like that is kind of centerpiece of next year right case whether be door A or door B and we would expect to cover on those projects such are going into service.
Andy Levi – Caris & Company: Okay, thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Andy.
Operator: All right. With that, ladies and gentlemen, I believe concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any others, our favorite, Colleen Henderson will be available in the Investor Relations Officer and her direct line, 414-221-2590. Thanks everyone, have a good day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen Henderson – Manager of Strategic Planning & IR Gale Klappa – Chairman, President & CEO Rick Kuester – EVP & CFO Steve Dickson – VP & Controller Allen Leverett – EVP
Analysts: Andy Levi – Caris & Company Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Steve Fleishman – Bank of America Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities Ted Heyn – Catapult Sarah Akers – Wells Fargo Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board 
Colleen Henderson: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s Conference Call to review 2011 First Quarter Results. This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I’ll read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are made based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its Web site a package of detailed financial information on its 2011 first quarter results at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Now, I’d like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us on our call to review the company's 2011 first quarter results. As always, let me begin by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy Management team who are here with me today. We’ve Rick Kuester, our Chief Financial Officer; Allen Leverett, President and CEO of We Generation; Jim Fleming, our venerable General Counsel; Steve Dickson, our Controller; and Pat Keyes, who has joined the company as our new Treasurer. Pat, of course, is taking the reins from Jeff West. As many of you know, Jeff retired at the end of April after 41 years of service. Rick will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.72 a share for the first quarter of 2011. This compares with $0.55 a share for the first quarter a year ago. The uplift in earnings for this year’s first quarter driven by the commercial operation of the second expansion unit at Oak Creek, which as you know was placed in service in the early morning hours of January 12. Across our utility operations, we experienced improved fuel recovery in the first quarter and colder winter weather. Overall, we’re off to a solid start for the year. Now, I’d like to briefly touch on the state of the economy across our service areas. Overall, electric sales to large commercial and industrial customers rose just 0.4% over the first quarter of 2010, but a deeper look inside the numbers will give you a more complete picture. First, as you may remember, a Chrysler engine plant in Kenosha, Wisconsin shut down last year, and that is a permanent shut down. This plant was one of our larger customers and we have factored this closing into our 2011 forecast. In addition, on February 2 of this year, we experienced a blizzard that shut down much of the region for a good couple of days. If you exclude these two items growth in energy used by our large commercial and industrial customers would have been in the 2% to 3% range which is right in line with our forecast, we’re seeing strength in iron ore mining, especially steel production and printing, and we are cautiously optimistic that the recovery will continue throughout 2011. Now, as I mentioned on our February call, we reached a milestone event in the first quarter as construction was completed on our Power the Future plan. More than 10 years ago, we developed a roadmap that we called Power the Future. It was fundamental to the principle of energy self-sufficiency. Key components of achieving self sufficiency include investing in two combined cycled gas fired units at Port Washington, which is north of Milwaukee and the construction of two super critical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek which is south of the city and building a significant amount of renewable generation. With the commercial operation of Unit 2 at Oak Creek, we've now completed the last of the four major units that were designed to provide our customers with a state-of-the-art generation fleet and provide clean reliable energy for many years to come. The two natural gas fired units and the two coal fired units required a total investment of more than $2.6 billion, and we are very pleased with the efficiency and the environmental performance of these units. Our customers are now receiving the operational benefits of these plants and our patient stockholders are beginning to realize the full benefit of their investments. While we have largely completed our Power the Future effort there is clearly much more work to be done and more value to be created. We’ve several major projects underway and in the pipeline. To help us meet the States renewable energy standard we are building the Glacier Hills Wind Park on more than 17,000 acres of rolling farmland approximately 45 miles northeast of Madison. When completed this will be the largest wind project in the State of Wisconsin. It will consist of 90 turbines with the total generating capacity of 162 MW or about 1.8 MW per wind site. Construction began at Glacier Hills about a year ago and we're currently on track to begin full operation by the end of 2011. The total cost of the project is expected to be approximately $360 million, excluding allowance for funds used during construction and reimbursable transmission costs. As you know, we’ve also proposed a 50 MW cogeneration plant to be fueled with biomass at a paper mill site in Northern Wisconsin that is owned by the Domtar Corporation. This site, as I’ve mentioned, is close to significant forest lands that are harvested in a sustainable manner, yielding the wood waste that would power the land. We received all the local permits necessary to move forward, and last week, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission held an open meeting on the matter. The Commission has expressed concern about the overall cost of the project and asked if Domtar would be willing to bear a greater share of the cost by paying more for the steam that the plant would produce. We and Domtar have filed a joint response actually just at noon today, and we expect the final decision from the Commission in the next week or so, and I believe that response you will find to be a very positive response. Finally, on the construction front, we continue to make excellent progress on a major upgrade of the air quality controls for the older coal-fired units at Oak Creek. We're investing approximately $900 million. I might add, this is the second largest construction project in the history of the company. Approximately, $900 million including allowance for funds used during construction for the installation of wet flue gas de-sulfurization and selective catalytic reduction facilities. We expect these controls to be completed in 2012. As we speak, the project is more than 75% complete, and again, we're on time and on budget. Another development during the first quarter, we completed the sale to Allied Energy of our 25% interest in Edgewater Unit 5. Edgewater 5 is an existing 380 MW coal-fired unit in Eastern Wisconsin. We sold the 95 MW of capacity that we owned at Edgewater for approximately $38 million. The sale price reflected our net book value including working capital. So, as a result we did not record any book gain or any book loss. Turning to regulatory matters, I'd like to briefly touch on two items for you. First, late last week the Wisconsin Public Service Commission approved a rate adjustment of less than 1% related to the higher fuel and purchase power cost that we’re incurring this year. In our last general rate case, you may recall, we were allowed to file for our projected fuel and purchase power cost for the year 2011 and we filed for that increase back in September of 2010. Commission action on our request was delayed, but we’re pleased that an appropriate fuel recovery rate is now in place. As a result of the delay, however, we expect to under collect our fuel cost by between $20 million and $25 million this year, but under the new fuel rules that went into effect this year, we estimate that our financial exposure will be limited to about $16 million, which should be the Wisconsin share and the $16 million is already factored into our guidance. The second regulatory matter is our upcoming rate filing. We expect to present a new rate proposal to the Wisconsin Commission within the next month. Finally, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker recently appointed a new Public Service Commissioner to fill a vacancy that occurred this spring when Commission Meyer’s six-year term came to an end. The new Commissioner and the new Commission’s Chairman is Phil Montgomery. Phil brings a wealth of experience to the position having worked on utility, energy, and telecommunication issues while serving for 12 years as a Wisconsin State Legislator. For a number of those 12 years, Mr. Montgomery was Chairman of the Assembly Committee on Energy and Utilities. Confirmation hearing for Commission Chairman Montgomery is expected to take place in the State Senate in May, however, he may act with full authority prior to the confirmation. Needless to say, we're pleased that the Commission is back at full strength. In summary, with the completion of our Power the Future plan, the company is at a very positive inflection point. We expect to have approximately $600 million of free cash flow from 2011 through 2015 and that's after retirement of $450 million of holding company debt. Along with a stronger balance sheet, we've clearly lowered the risk profile of this company. The majority of our construction risk is now behind us and when the point of each units were sold in 2007, we put nuclear operating and regulatory risk behind us as well. We're turning our efforts now to our renewable and environmental projects and continuing to upgrade the energy infrastructure of the region. We’re planning a capital budget of up to $3.4 billion over the next five years or about $1.9 billion to $2 billion of net rate base growth after ongoing depreciation expense. By mid-year we plan to announce or revise dividend policy, debt reduction, share repurchases or a combination of all three with internally generated cash. Now in more details on our first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2011, here is a familiar face but in a slightly different chair, our new Chief Financial Officer, Rick Kuester. Rick?
Rick Kuester: Thank you, Gale. Before I discuss our first quarter operating results, I’d like to remind you that our 2 for 1 stock split was effective on March 1, 2011. As a result of the split, we have changed the reporting of all prior earnings per share to reflect a new number of shares outstanding, so the $1.10 a share that we reported in the first quarter of 2010 is now $0.55 a share after the split. As Gale mentioned, our 2011 first quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.72 a share as compared to $0.55 a share in 2010. I’ll focus on the earnings drivers at the operating income level by segment and then touch on the other income statement items. I’ll also discuss cash flows in the quarter. Our consolidated operating income in the first quarter of 2011 was $296 million as compared to $228 million in the 2010, an increase of $68 million. As expected, our utility operating earnings were higher because of favorable fuel recoveries as compared to 2010 and earnings from our non-utility energy segment were up with the commercial operations with a second unit at Oak Creek and a full quarter of earnings from the first Oak Creek unit. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $213 million, an increase of $35 million versus 2010. On the positive side our revenues associated with the recovery of fuel and purchase power costs were up $24 million when compared to the first quarter of 2010. Last year we under collected fuel and purchase power costs by $23 million. During the first quarter this year we were in a slightly favorable position. We also experienced a significantly colder first quarter this year and we estimate that our electric and gas margins were up $22 million as compared to last year. On the negative side our utility O&M cost increased $10 million due to additional Power the Future costs, the timing of outages at our power plants and increased work on our distributions network. Operating income in the non-utility energy segment which consists primarily of the Power the Future units was up $32 million. Unit 2 at Oak Creek was placed in service on January 12, 2011 and we realized full quarter's earnings on Unit 1. Last year we only realized partial quarter's earnings on Unit 1 as it was placed in the service on February 2, 2010. Taking the changes for each of these segments together with a small increase in our corporate and other segment brings you back to the $68 million increase in operating income for the first quarter of 2011. During the first quarter of 2011, earnings from our investments in the American Transmission company increased just slightly over 2010. Net interest expense increased by $14 million, primarily because of interest expense associated with Unit 2 at Oak Creek. When we placed the unit into service, we stopped capitalizing interest associated with construction of the plant. We also issued $420 million of long-term debt and used the net proceeds to repay short-term debt incurred to finance the construction of Unit 2 and for other corporate purposes. Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $18 million because of the higher pre-tax earnings offset in part by a slightly lower effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2011 is expected to be between 34% and 35%. Combined all of these items brings you to $171 million of net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2011 or earnings of $0.72 per share. During the first quarter we generated $391 million of cash from operations which is up $87 million from the same period in 2010. Our cash earnings, which we define as net income plus depreciation and amortization, plus deferred income taxes increased by $120 million as compared to the first quarter of 2010. In addition to higher net income, we deferred more income tax as a result of bonus depreciation and increased depreciation expense associated with new coal units. The largest change in our uses of operating cash flows relates to our benefit plans. In the first quarter of 2011, we contributed $122 million to our qualified benefit plans no such contributions were made in 2010. Our total capital expenditures decreased by approximately $59 million in the first quarter of 2011 as compared to first quarter of 2010 because of the completion of the Oak Creek units. However, for the year we expect to see capital expenditures of approximately $950 million which is about a $150 million more than our 2010 expenditures. Over the next nine months we should see higher capital spending related to our air quality control system at South Oak Creek and the Glacier Hills wind farm. As Gale mentioned earlier, we received approximately $38 million from the sale of Edgewater 5 in March 2011. We also paid $61 million in common dividends in the first quarter of 2011 which was 30% increase over the same period last year. The first quarter dividends equate to an annual dividend rate of $1.04 a share. Our adjusted debt-to-cap ratio was 53.7% as of March 31, 2011. Our adjusted calculation treats half our hardwood securities as common equity which is consistent with past presentation. We used $223 million of cash on hand at March 31, 2011 to retire long-term debt that matured on April 1, 2011. Adjusting for the use of cash on hand, our adjusted debt to total capital ratio was 52.5%. We’re very pleased with our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet. We’re using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As shown in the earnings package that we posted on our Web site this morning, our actual first quarter retail sales of electricity increased 1.4% as compared to 2010. Our residential sales were helped by a colder than normal winter, and our large commercial and industrial customers are slightly below forecast because of the February 2 closure. We see some decline in average use by our residential customers. We believe this is the result of conservation efforts, but, overall, our electric sales are in line with our annual forecast. As we look at our natural gas sales, we saw 11.4% increase in sales, primarily because of the cold winter. We’re also seeing our weather normalize natural gas sales in line with our annual forecasts. As we mentioned on the February call, when the second unit at Oak Creek was placed into service, we issued $420 million of senior notes in two tranches. The first tranche was a $205 million note with a coupon rate of 4.673% and the final maturity in 2031. The second tranche was a $215 million note with a coupon rate of 5.848% and the final maturity in 2041. We used the net proceeds to repay debt incurred to finance the construction of Unit 2 at Oak Creek and for other corporate purposes. As discussed earlier, on April 1, 2011, we retired $450 million of long-term debt with $223 million of existing cash in commercial paper borrowings. Later this year, we expect Wisconsin Electric to issue approximately $300 million of long-term debt to help fund its construction program. Our 2011 earnings guidance remains the same as what we provided to you on our February conference call. We expect our earnings for 2011 to be in the range of $2.05 to $2.10 per share. While our first quarter earnings exceeded our forecast range because of favorable weather, we still have nine more months of weather ahead of us. Before I turn things back over to Gale, I would like to briefly discuss our earnings outlook for the second quarter. As a starting point, our 2010 second quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.37 a share, adjusted for the 2 for 1 stock split. When we look at our utility earnings, we expect to see a decline in operating income on a quarter-over-quarter basis because of favorable weather in 2010 and higher O&M cost in 2011. Last year, we had an early summer and benefitted from some cooling out in June. This year our forecast assumed normal weather. However, we expect increased earnings from the second Oak Creek unit to offset the lower earnings from our utility in the second quarter. In the past, we said that Unit 2 should contribute $0.02 a month pre-split or $0.01 a month post-split. As a result, we are expecting second quarter 2011 earnings to be in the $0.36 per share to $0.39 per share range or flat with the prior year. With that I’ll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Caris & Company. Please state your question.
Andy Levi - Caris & Company: Gentlemen, how are you?
Gale Klappa: Fine, how are you, Andy?
Andy Levi - Caris & Company: I’m doing, all right. Just two very quick questions and I may have missed the first one. O&M is down a lot for the quarter. What was the reason, why?
Gale Klappa: Actually, we can let Rick and Steve get into the mechanics if you like. So if you really look at utility O&M, it was up about $10 million in the quarter, the remaining impact of the O&M that you see on the income statement is really because of the way the mechanics of the lease payments work between the Utility and We Power. I think, because of this year, we're going to have an unusual year. The one thing you really need to focus on is the utility, O&M and the utilities. Steve, do you want to give us a color on that?
Steve Dickson: Yes, thanks, Gale. Andy, as you point out, overall in a consolidated level, O&M is down about $22 million and as Gale said that the Utility, it's up about $10 million. The difference which is about $30 million decline relates to the elimination of intercompany revenues and expense. And as I remember it We Power builds the utility for the lease payment. So We Power records revenue and the Utility records expense. This year We Power with the Unit 2 coming on line had about $30 million more of revenue and therefore, on the consolidation entries, we eliminated $30 million more revenue at We Power and $30 million more expense on a consolidated basis, so it's an accounting anomaly, which shows why the O&M is down. Does that make sense, Andy?
Andy Levi - Caris & Company: Sure, it does. Thank you very much, and then I have other quick question.
Rick Kuester: Andy, lesson for everyone here for this year if you want to look at the O&M trends really look and we'll break this out for each quarter, really look at the Utility O&M.
Andy Levi - Caris & Company: Got it. And then on the stock buyback and/or dividend increase and/or I guess was a debt pay down was that the third thing that you were talking about. Just timing on that, as far as hearing from you guys on that, will that be in the second quarter call or could that come before, what are you guys thinking?
Rick Kuester: It’ll definitely come by June and we’re working through obviously all of our final analysis. We obviously also want to have our regulatory scheduled Board meetings and so you’ll expect an answer from us by June.
Andy Levi - Caris & Company: When is your Board meeting in June, is that something you can share with us today?
Rick Kuester: We’ve a Board meeting coming up soon. We also need by the way a final decision on our proposed biomass investment in Rothschild, the Domtar investment. So that’s another factor that we’re waiting for, but you’ll be hearing from us in the not too distant future.
Andy Levi - Caris & Company: Got it, thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Good afternoon. Would you mind elaborating a little more on the joint filing with PSCW related to the Domtar biomass cost I apologize, business I haven’t had a chance to read the filing?
Gale Klappa: Sure. In essence the filing that we made at noon and I understand why you wouldn’t have had a chance to read it, it was noon central time. The filing in the filing Domtar has agreed to, in essence, pay more for the steam that would be produced by the unit, and for background this would be a 50 MW plant. The plant would produce both steam to power Domtar’s paper mill operations and renewable electricity for the grid. And one of the major questions that the Commissioners had during their open meeting last week was, could there be a different allocation of cost between the cost that go to electric customers and the cost that Domtar would accept for the production of steam. And so Domtar has agreed to, what we think is, a very major price change. We’ll let Allen cover the details for you.
Allen Leverett: Yes, Brian, just to put some numbers around it. What Domtar agreed to was a 20% increase in the rate that they pay for steam. Now, when you sort of track that through the implication then for our customers that translates into about a 7% reduction in the cost of the project took to our customers. We believe that based on the conversation at the Commission last week, we believe this puts the cost of the project as compared to a wind project within a range that at least one of the Commissioners was looking for. So, as Gale mentioned, we would expect the decision in the near future from the Commission, but from a practical standpoint, we really need a decision by May 15 if we’re going to move forward with the project. That’s a high level summary.
Gale Klappa: Allen is exactly right. We actually need an order by May 15. In that, if we’re going to go forward with this project, we have a construction schedule that we have to meet and federal production tax credits related to biomass that right now at any rate expire at the end of 2013. If we don’t qualify, if we couldn’t get the plant on line by the end of 2013, and if we couldn’t therefore qualify for the production tax credits, it obviously changes the economics of the plant and not for the better. So, we think the Commission understands that and we’re looking for a decision here in the very near future.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, great. And then this $600 million of cumulating free cash flow through 2014, does that assume the biomass plant moves forward and the expenditures are included in the CapEx calculation there? Or would that price of the biomass plant eat into the $600 million?
Gale Klappa: Rick?
Rick Kuester: No, Brian. The $600 million assumes that we build the biomass project. If we don't build it, that will be additional equity available. That's a total $255 million investment, so about $125 million of additional cash flow would be available.
Gale Klappa: That's because obviously of the 50-50 capital structure.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: A couple of questions. First, on the Chrysler plant shut down, do you have a sense if we excluded just that plant kind of what all industrial sales would have done without that impact?
Gale Klappa: Yes. Matter of fact, I do. It's a very good question. Let me give you a little bit of analysis. The analysis I have look at the four major and not all of them are major, but we had four plant shut downs that we believe are going to be reasonably permanent shut downs. There was the Chrysler engine plant in Kenosha. And then we have the Delphi Automotive Operations in Oak Creek. We had White Pine up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, which was a copper refiner, and then we have the NewPage paper mills. Paper mills owned in Northern Wisconsin by NewPage. All four of those shut downs and closings we have factored into our forecast. Now, looking at how that relates, about 25% of our industrial demand and some of our largest customers are in the first quarter of this year their usage is above prerecession levels. The remaining 75% of our industrial grouping of customers, if you take out those four shutdowns, they are about 5% below, as a group about 5% below precession levels. But that's kind of the picture. We’ve, obviously, factored in these shutdowns in our 2011 forecast.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: A couple of other questions. The $16 million of net drag on fuel from the delay on the fuel case, was that in your initial guidance or is that kind of incremental to your initial guidance?
Gale Klappa: We had assumed there would be some drag because of the delay in getting an order from the Commission. So, it's really not incremental.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: And then I know you had mentioned one potential use of cash might be, for example, the fact that the state may be looking to sell some of their power assets?
Gale Klappa: Yes.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: Is there any update on that issue?
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Steve, and that is the potential use of cash. The State of Wisconsin or the Walker administration has expressed an interest in selling a number of the plants and steam heating power islands that currently are operated by the State of Wisconsin across college campuses and the biggest, obviously, would be the UW campus in Madison. It will require for the state to move forward with any sale. A piece of legislation would be required to be passed by both the State Senate and the assembly, and my understanding is that the Walker administration is hoping to introduce that legislation sometime this summer. So, there won't be any immediate movement until a piece of legislation is passed and signed by the governor, but our understanding is the Walker administration would like to move forward with the sale of those assets.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: One last question, just your take on the EPA proposed air toxics rules and how that affects your capital plan for the remaining non-cleaned up coal plants and the like?
Gale Klappa: Sure, absolutely. I'll ask Allen to add his thoughts on this as well. Some background, Steve, might be very helpful. We really see very little impact on customer electric rates or our capital plan between now and 2015 as a result of all the new EPA regulations that have been proposed. That may surprise you because so many utilities are indicating that they are going to see huge capital increases and huge cost increases from the need to comply with these proposed rules, but there are three very good reasons why we do not see that kind of impact. Allen?
Allen Leverett: Yes. Just as background Steve. Of course, the first reason is, 10 years ago, the company made the decision to retire old coal, build new natural gas plants, build new coal plants. So, of course, those are the Port Washington plants and the Oak Creek plants. So, that's the first driver of why we are where we are. Second, you may remember in 2003, we entered into a consent decree with EPA, which drove controls at many of our other major plants. And then, finally, we as a company unlike many others, we don't have ash impoundments. We’ve 100% beneficial reuse of the ash that comes from the combustion of the coal. So, we don't really see much many impact from EGU MACT or IB MACT on the company. The only three plants that we see they are mainly impacts on down the road, you have heard us talk about our Valley and our Milwaukee County power plants which are actually CoGen plants that produce steam as well as electricity and an electric plant that we have in the UP. We see little impact on those units there could be a small amount of investment of those units because of EGU and or IB MACT, but the bigger impacts if there are going to be impacts than those plants would be out in the 2017 timeframe. They wouldn’t be driven by MACT, they would be driven by NAAQS, the National Ambient Air Quality Standard for SO2 in particular now, but again, we wouldn’t see impacts there if any until 2017. So it’s probably more than you wanted to know, but that’s kind of where we see ourselves positioned.
Gale Klappa: Steve, speaking more than you wanted to know you are probably seeing some of the national studies that have been done now that would indicate that the average price of electricity in the country maybe going up by as much as 20%, because of these proposed EPA rules. We might see 1% to 2% increase our best guess. So that gives you an example of how well we are positioned from the environmental standpoint in terms of complying with even the new proposed rule. So I think, this is going to materially help our competitive position.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: The return on capital, you are waiting on Domtar and we are in a kind of a period where things are getting better but things aren’t perfect. I’m going to ask a question I think, your entire investor base probably won’t love which is what’s the rush?
Rick Kuester: Well I don’t feel like we are in a rush, I really don’t. We've taken I think,, very good time to do the proper analysis, we will have sooner or later within the next week or two I believe a decision from the Wisconsin Commission on Domtar, we’ve laid out $3.4 billion or up to $3.4 billion capital plan for the next five years. So, Michael, I think, all of the elements are in place for us to really have a very good understand of what our earnings potential, our investment opportunities and our cash flows look like. So, I don’t sense that we’re in a rush at all.
Allen Leverett: I’d just add onto that Michael, in other way to interpret your question would be, why now and what's happened in the first part of this year, is that we’ve gotten more clarity on the EPA rule, so we kind of know what the exposure is there. We sold Edgewater 5 which was going to be an investment that those are going to be required to make from an air quality control standpoint. So, that’s no longer an uncertainty out there, and we finished the last unit at Oak Creek, so we’ve got a number of things resolved. So, I think, the timing actually is pretty good, if you look at the issues that we were facing a few months ago versus the issues that we’re facing now in terms of capital expenditure.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. One other…
Gale Klappa: Michael, one other point to add onto what Rick said, I personally think it’s important for our investor base to understand, it’s very clearly where what our philosophy is on our dividend payout ratio as well. I mean, we’re entering, as I mentioned in the earlier comments, I think, the company is at a very positive inflection point, but clearly our dividend payout ratio is below our peers, and I think, it’s important to clarify for our investors going forward at a minimum what our goals are related to our dividend payout ratio.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: No, and that’s makes it understand synonymously over the last 5 to 7, 5 to 10 years, you guys have been among the best in terms of stewards of shareholder and bondholder capital. One follow-up related to capital structure, but just in general in your discussions with the new Chairman, what are you getting in terms of potential direction for state energy policy in Wisconsin for the next 3 to 5 years?
Gale Klappa: Really, Phil has just gotten in the chair. I think, he has been pretty busy trying with the other Commissioners to work off the backlog of items that they had really built up when they were short of Commissioner. So I don't think Phil has had a great opportunity yet to sit down and think about energy policy for the state. He did say though during the last open meeting that he was part of the crafting of the renewable energy standard for 2015 and supports that standard. So, I think, the first and only comment that we've really seen from Phil so far is his support for the 2015 energy standard, renewable energy standard.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: What does that then mean if Domtar doesn't get approved?
Gale Klappa: That's when we will have some conversations and try to seek some guidance from the Commissioners, because the truth of the matter is, if Domtar is approved it will get us to where we need to be for 2015 and 2016. I mean, that would be the last major investment we would need to make in the near-term in renewables to meet that 2015 and 2016 standard. Without that then we've got some decisions to make and in our first step if they decide that Domtar is just too expensive a proposal, our next step would be to sit down and work with the Commissioners and get some guidance, and frankly work with the Walker administration as well. I know that the governor would want to have some say in that thinking.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay, thank you, guys, much appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome, Michael. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: I was hoping we could continue on the Domtar topic. I know it's timely we’ll have a decision here shortly, but I didn’t hear the commentary that the PSC made but just judging from your reaction you took some solace in the fact that with the price cut they would compare that or would look economically similar to a wind asset. I was just hoping you could elaborate on that solace, simply because it seemed as if a lot of the desire for wind in the state quite frankly lost a lot of its backing with the new governor. So I'm just wondering if that's economic we would feel more comfortable with or that’s something that obviously will be determined in the ultimate decision, but just tell us how the wind economics or the comparison with wind economics makes you feel more comfortable?
Gale Klappa: I think, there is one very clear reason why it makes me feel more comfortable and that is the former Chairman and current Commissioner Eric Callisto during the open discussions with the other commissioners said that he would like to be able to see this renewable alternative, meaning the Domtar co-generation plant that we are proposing. He was concerned that it looked like based on staff analysis that this proposal was more expensive than generic wind. He said gosh, he would feel comfortable he said, if we could have some kind of, as he put it wind bogie against which to compare. Now, when we look at the staff assumption on generic wind and the cost of generic wind, there are a couple of items here that I think, are worth pointing out. The staff's analysis on the cost of generic wind assumed that the federal production tax credit for wind would go on for a very long time. We don't think it's prudent to make that assumption because under the current law the federal production tax credit for wind expires at the end of 2012. And then when you factor that into the fact that generic wind may not represent the real cost of building wind in Wisconsin in light of the flux that the state is in regarding the citing rules. I mean, we think the real generic cost of wind can be materially higher than what the staff indicated. And then if you couple that with price reduction that Allen described from what Domtar and we filed at noon today, you get much, much closer. In fact, we think and hope we’ve achieved what Commissioner Callisto was looking for which was a proposal that would be quite close to the cost of generic wind. Guys, would you like to add anything?
Rick Kuester: No. I think you've covered it Gale. If you kind of stand back and look at it, it’s not really possible to build the generic wind project that would be compared to because if it’s a Greenfield project, because one, citing rules aren’t clear, two, the production tax credit expires one year early than biomass. So, I think, by bringing the numbers closer we’ve been responsive to the Commission.
Gale Klappa: There’s another factor here, the area where we’re proposing to build the biomass plant, which is a suburb of Wausau in Northern Wisconsin. Like all areas, that area can benefit from jobs and there is a very strong job protection and job creation story associated with this plant that we think should also play into the mix here.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: No. That’s very helpful. Maybe seizing on the national question, from where you indicated if it doesn’t go forward you’d like to have discussions with the Walker administration. Where do you think their desires might be on where you might fill if need be, and you certainly would have to under the renewable standard where he would like you to sort of focus?
Gale Klappa: I'd hate to pre-judge what the Governor might say on this, but clearly in the past particularly in this kind of economic climate, he has focused on near-term cost to the customer. So one option and I'm not suggesting this would be the option, we would have to get the proper inputs, but one option which is allowed under the law is the filing of RAM. The law says that if it is not practical or if it is excessive in cost to meet the 2015 standard, then a utility could file for an of RAM. None have done so at this point and we certainly would not need to do so assuming we could move forward with the Rothschild of Domtar biomass project.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Last question on Domtar, how much is in the CapEx budget for '11? I think, you answered that question and it just went by me too quick.
Rick Kuester: About $100 million this year.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: About $100 million this year?
Rick Kuester: $255 million.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Great. And my last question, on the under collection, the fuel under recoveries for the balance of this year, how do they flow over the remaining three quarters, understanding it's just about $16 million of financial exposure?
Gale Klappa: Right, we're about even now on fuel recovery going into Q2. Steve or Rick, do you have that flow for the final three quarters?
Rick Kuester: As Gale said, basically our cost of fuel was right on top of our collection rate in the first quarter. As Gale said, we expect to be $16 million. We expect to hit the threshold. If you look in the next couple of quarters, we expect to under recovering the second, but most of it would be in the third quarter. That's probably when we would exceed the $16 million amount and start to edge up toward the $20 million to $25 million that Gale mentioned. And then in the fourth quarter, we typically claw back some of that that we’ve lost in the third quarter because of the higher cost of power during the summer. So at the end of the year we expect to be in that $20 million to $25 million under collected, but we're capped at $16 million based on how the fuel rules work.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: How much would be in that 36 to 39 you gave Rick for the second quarter, it’s probably pretty small number I know but…
Steve Dickson: Basically, on the fuel recoveries, we'll under collect anywhere from $5 million to $7 million in the second quarter and that amount is comparable to 2010. So we don't expect earnings varying in some 2010 to 2011 related to fuel in Q2.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Great, perfect, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Heyn with Catapult.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: I had a few quick questions, first on just on the under recoveries, so the $16 million represents basically the 2% bandwidth, the 16 is cap of the earnings exposure?
Gale Klappa: You've nailed it.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: Just quickly on weather, how much above normal was at this quarter and how much does it contribute?
Gale Klappa: In terms of average temperatures Q1 was about 10% colder than last year and Steve how much colder than normal?
Steve Dickson: 6%, colder than normal, last year it was 4% warmer than normal.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: Do you have a dollar impact or gross margin impact from being above normal?
Steve Dickson: On electric side we think that compared to normal our electric margins which is revenues minus fuel were helped by about $7 million and on the gas side, our gas margins were held at about $8 million, so in total about $15 million.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: So, 15 ahead but you also have the 16 of fuel under recovery so kind of net-net on a normalized basis you are kind of…
Gale Klappa: No. The 16 of fuel under recovery was already in our guidance
Rick Kuester: We fully collected on fuel this quarter. That 16 actually fell through till third quarter.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: I guess I was thinking as when I do a bridge from '11 to '12 those two things should wash each other out?
Gale Klappa: Yes from '11 and '12, yes exactly.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: And then on the Domtar, the filing mentioned that they increased their capital allocation by $22 million. Does that change the amount of dollars you would spend or is that…..
Gale Klappa: No. All it does and again you need to think about this as about $255 million capital investment and then the questions becomes what share of the cost of that investment and what share of the operating costs would be allocated to Domtar for taking the steam for their paper mill operations and what share would go to electric customers for the renewable electricity that would go to the grid? This is all a question about allocation of the total cost not about change of total cost.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: So, if your revised proposal was approved, the spend would still be $255 million?
Gale Klappa: You got it.
Rick Kuester: It's just the rate that they pay for the steam.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: It's just the rate. And then just finally I think, that there is some movement to try to change the RPS standard to allow hydropower for Manitoba to potentially count. If that were to happen could you talk maybe about how – what the investment opportunities would be for you there?
Gale Klappa: I'm not sure there is an investment opportunity there in terms of that change or any Wisconsin utility because what is being proposed is particularly if I want other Wisconsin utilities is that, in essence they would sign a purchase power agreement for new hydro power that would be developed in Canada to be imported into Wisconsin. So, there is no real construction investment opportunity there for the hydropower itself, but as Rick is pointing out, there may be a transmission in this.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: Okay. So, maybe ATC would have some opportunity?
Gale Klappa: That is entirely possible.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: But that’s probably longer term in nature.
Gale Klappa: Ted, I would be thinking this is a post 2015 type of matter, because first of all the new hydro facilities aren’t even built yet.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: Got you. Okay. Thanks a lot for all the help.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Take care, Ted.
Ted Heyn - Catapult: You too. Bye-bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah Akers with Wells Fargo.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo: Hey, good afternoon. I just had a quick clarification question on the $600 million of free cash flow. First, does that include the sale proceeds from Edgewater 5 and second, does it include the impact of the DOE settlement, which I believe was about $45 million?
Gale Klappa: Yes and no. It includes the Edgewater 5 sale proceeds, but the proceeds from our settlement with the federal government regarding the extra cost we incurred at Point Beach on spent nuclear fuel, those dollars are in an Al Gore lock-box down the street in a bank and those dollars will be completely returned to customers overtime, and so they’re not counted in our cash flow assumptions.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo: Got it, okay, thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You’re welcome, Sarah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi, good afternoon. Just to follow-up on what you just talked about with further, so is that the $45 million of restricted cash then that we're seeing on the balance sheet?
Gale Klappa: Yes, $45 million.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And then lower on the balance sheet, I noticed the material supplies inventories are about $100 million lower which I assume it’s also been part of the working capital gain that we're seeing on the cash flow statement. I just wondered if you could talk about what is going on with that.
Allen Leverett: Yes, its gas and coal inventories that Steve can talk about that.
Steve Dickson: Yes, the balance sheet is comparing December 31st to March 31st and at the end of December we had a significant amount of gas in storage and we pulled that out at the end of the year. So, we had the same decline last year. The number this year is about $50 million more because March was significantly coldish so we would show more in gas and storage. In addition we were able to reduce coal inventories down and so those are the two big drivers.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Is there anything else then that's driving that working capital gain $150 million on the cash flow statement?
Gale Klappa: Well, the balance depreciation is having an effect on that Dan.
Allen Leverett: Yes, the increase in the deferred taxes.
Gale Klappa: Yes.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Was that 60 odd million you see?
Allen Leverett: Yes
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And then I think, you mentioned you're expecting to file for a rate increase in the next month or so.
Gale Klappa: That is correct.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I was curious what your current ROE, earned ROE is and then are there any other items driving that, that you expect that'll drive that request beyond ROE impact?
Gale Klappa: Well, for all of 2010, our earned ROE was very close to the allowed ROE at the utility. So, again, we performed very close to the allowed ROE at the utility last year. Of course, the way Wisconsin regulation works, the Commission uses and ask us to file a two-year forward-looking test year. We project our expenses, our O&M expense, our fuel expenses, our capital costs for, in this case, 2012 and 2013. The big driver of the rate proposal that we will file is really completing construction and placing into service about $1.2 billion of new assets that have already been approved by the Commission. In specific, the two large projects that would be the big drivers would be the completion of the air quality controls of the older existing Oak Creek units. Remember, I mentioned that's a $900 million capital expenditure, and then the completion later this year we believe of the Glacier Hills Wind Park, which is another $360-ish million.
Rick Kuester: $360 million and $370 million.
Gale Klappa: You put those two together and that's $1.2 billion of new capital that once placed into service needs to be reflected in customer rates. So that would be the big driver of our rate proposal that we expect to file in the next few weeks.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And then the last thing I was curious is, it looks like the residential usage was up about 1.5% and the small commercial was up about 2.5%. If you strip out the weather impact, what would those have looked like?
Gale Klappa: You strip out the weather impact, against 20-year average weather, you would see residential actually being down slightly. You would see small commercial and industrial up about 0.5%. You would see large commercial and industrial about flat, and total large commercial and industrial up about four-tenth of one percent.
Rick Kuester: Dan, one other thing, on the $45 million that restricted cash in the DoD settlement that would be returned to customers net of the cost to achieve. That was about a 10-year process where we were suing the federal government. So, there are costs associated with that. So, just point of clarification.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: What's the timeframe for returning there?
Gale Klappa: Actually, it's certainly up to the Commission when they would like to have and over what timeframe they would like to have those dollars flow back to customers, but we will propose an option for the Commission in the (inaudible) filing.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, thank you.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys, Rick, a modeling question real quickly. What is left in 2011 in terms of deferred income tax or really bonus depreciation for you to take and even deferred income taxes separate from bonus depreciation, meaning the deferred income tax benefit you get from Oak Creek?
Rick Kuester: We said all along we’ve got about $100 million worth of bonus depreciation impacts in 2011.
Gale Klappa: Most of that's to come this year yet.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Meaning very little of that is what showed in the first quarter?
Rick Kuester: About $60 million showed in the first quarter I believe.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: So, another $40 million for the rest of the year?
Gale Klappa: All right, Michael, thank you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, guys. Much appreciate it.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Gale Klappa: Very good, well, that concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate you taking part and all the great questions you asked today. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson is ready and waiting at our Investor Relations office, and that number is 414-221-2592. Thank you very much. Have a good day, everybody.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 14:00:00) =====
Executives:
 : Gale Klappa - Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer  Rick Kuester - President & Chief Executive Officer We Generation  Allen Leverett - Chief Financial Officer  Jim Fleming - General Counsel  Jeff West - Treasurer  Steve Dickson – Controller
Analysts :  Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Vedula Murti - CDP Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equity Jim Von Riesemann – UBS Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities  
Operator:  Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for waiting and welcome to Wisconsin Energy Quarterly Conference Call. This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website, a package of detailed financial information at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Colleen. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us as we review the company’s 2010 third quarter results. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of We Generation, Allen Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Fleming, General Counsel, Jeff West, our Treasurer and Steve Dickson, Controller. Allen will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.95 a share for the third quarter of 2010. This compares with $0.49 a share from continuing operations in the same period last year. Our 2010 third quarter results were boosted by warm humid weather, continuing cost controls and a full quarter of earnings from our investment in the first new generating unit at Oak Creek. Overall, we’re pleased with our solid financial performance that we’ve recorded in the third quarter and for the first nine months of this year. Our customers clearly responded to the return of summer temperatures in the Midwest. In fact in July, our residential customers used more electricity than during any other month in history. And during the dark days of August, our small commercial and industrial customers used more electric energy than during any other single month in history. Now, I would like to spend just a moment on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our Power the Future plan is fundamental to the principal of energy self-sufficiency. Key components of our focus on self-sufficiency include investing in tow Combined Cycle Natural Gas Fired units at Port Washington, which is north of Milwaukee.  The construction of two super critical pauperized coal units at Oak Creek, which is south of the city, and building a significant amount of renewable generation. We’re now nearing completion of the new coal fired unit at Oak Creek. As you recall, unit one passed all of its performance tests and was placed in the commercial service on February 2 of this year. Over the past several months, our general contractor at Oak Creek, Bechtel Power Corporation has focused on completing the commissioning and testing of Unit 2. So, we fire on the coal on the Unit 2 boiler was achieved on July the 8. The Unit 2 generator was then synchronized with the grid for the first time on July 16 and since that time the unit is operated up to and exceeded 100% of its rated capacity. Bechtel recently completed a timed outage and brought Unit 2 back online. The unit is now undergoing final performance testing. However, Bechtel is experiencing some equipment issues that may delay completion of the testing. Depending on the revolution, the turnover date for Unit 2 could be delayed a few days or even a few weeks. We still though expect commercial operation of Unit 2 to be a fourth quarter event. As a reminder, the guaranteed turnover date for Unit 2 at Oak Creek, which was set as part of our settlement agreement with Bechtel is November 28. Turning now to other recent developments, on May 16, Wisconsin Act 403, was signed in the law by Governor Doyle. This law authorizes the Wisconsin public service commission to develop new rules for recovery of fuel and purchase power cost that are incurred by Wisconsin’s electric utilities. The legislation was designed to streamline the current combustion process for fuel recovery in the States. In short, the law establishes a modified escrow accounting mechanism with an annual crew up for fuel cost. On August 31, the commission forwarded a set of new proposed rules to the state legislature where standing committees and each house generally have up to 60 days for review. On October 20, the standing committee in the state ordered to send the new rule back to the commission for modifications.  The standing committee in the state assembly is also scheduled to review the rule at a hearing set for November 9. We do not expect any final action from the commission until they receive feedback from both legislative committees. Once the commission responds, the standing committees will then have another 10 days for review. If no action is taken after 10 days, the rule would automatically go into effect. So, as it stands today, we expect the new rules to be in place in 2011. Now, I’d like to update you on our progress toward meeting the renewable portfolio standard that the State of Wisconsin has in place for the year 2015. To refresh your memory, the standard calls for an increase in the amount of electricity we supply with renewable resources from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each Wisconsin utility using an historical baseline. Using that baseline, about 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. With the completion of our Blue Sky Green Field Wind Farm in 2008, we took a major step towards meeting Wisconsin’s goal of reducing its carbon footprint. Blue Sky Green Field has a total of 88 turbines, each with a capacity of 1.65 megawatts. It was completed under budget and ahead of schedule. Also in 2008, we purchased a new wind farm development site, approximately 45 miles northeast of Madison. This site, which we call the Glacier Hills Wind Park, has a strong wind resource, close proximity to transmission and low population density making it one of the best locations for a major wind farm in the region. On January 22 of this year, the Wisconsin Commission approved our request for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to build up to 90 wind turbines at the Glacier Hills site. In the second quarter, we finalized an agreement with Vestas Wind Systems for a supply of 90, 1.8 megawatt turbines and we began construction at Glacier Hills. I’m pleased to report that construction is progressing very well, completed all the turbine foundations and all the access roads in preparation for delivery of the turbines themselves which should arrive in mid 2011. With 90 turbines, Glacier Hills will have a generating capacity of 162 megawatts. This will make Glacier Hills the largest wind farm to-date in Wisconsin. The first full year of operation is projected to be 2012. Our current estimate of the capital cost of Glacier Hills is approximately $367 million. This estimate does not include any allowance for funds used during construction or any reimbursable transmission costs. Now as you may recall, last fall we also announced our plans to build a 50 megawatt cogeneration plant fueled with biomass at a paper mill site in Northern Wisconsin. The mill is owned and operated by Domtar Corporation. We are fortunate to be close to significant forest lands that are being harvested in a sustainable manner. These forests have large amounts of wood waste that can be purchased to fuel the plant. Now, diversification our renewable energy supply is one of our very important goals. As compared, for examples to wind the clear benefit from an operational standpoint is that we will be able to dispatch the biomass unit. The unit will also supply steam to the Domtar paper mill and of course cogenerating electricity and steam improves the overall efficiency of the unit. Our investment in this project is projected to be approximately $255 million without allowance for funds used during construction. On March 15, we filed an application for approval of this project with the Wisconsin Commission. We have now received all the local permits necessary to move forward and the commission is scheduled public and technical hearings for late November and early December. Based on this schedule, we expect the commission to make their decision in the case in early 2011. Our targeted in-service date for the biomass project is late 2013. Construction also continues to progress very well on a major upgrade of the air quality controls for the existing coal-fired units at Oak Creek. We are investing approximately $950 million, including allowance for funds used during construction for the installation of wet flue gas desulphurization and selective catalytic reduction facilities. We expect these controls to be operational in 2012. The project now is about 56% complete, we remain on time and on budget. Turning to our Michigan operations, on December 16 of last year, the Michigan Public Service Commission approved our self-implementation plan to raise electric rates by approximately $12 million effective with the commercial operation of Unit 1 at the Oak Creek expansion. Subsequently, the Michigan Commission authorized an additional increase of $11.5 million that was effective on July 2 of this year. The total rate increase $23.5 million annually for our Michigan operations was appealed by one of our industrial customers. The Michigan Commission recently ruled on this appeal and accepted several mathematical corrections. These corrections reduce the amount of the increase by $256,000 annually. The adjustment will take effect in just a few days on November 1.  Now, I’d like to touch briefly on the direction of the economy in our region. During the summer months, we continue to see a rebound in economic activity across our service area. On previous calls, we mentioned recovery in three large sectors. Iron ore mining, specialty steel and paper production. These sectors remain strong during the third quarter and several other sectors showed real signs of life as well. Most notably, primary metals and metal fabrication, rubber and plastic products, transportation equipment and health care. Our third quarter electric sales to our largest customers actually grew by 11% as compared to the third quarter of 2009. But if you exclude the iron ore mines, sales to our largest customers grew by 4% during the quarter and if you normalized for weather, we saw a growth rate of about 1.5%.  However, we remain below 2008 levels in sales to our large commercial and industrial customers. And I should add that in September, signs of slowing began to emerge in the phase of the recovery in our region. Finally, as Allen and I both mentioned during our public presentations in September, we expect that our board will review our dividend policy at its meeting this December. It’s important to note that the components of our financial goals related to credit ratings and the issuance of new equity will remain the same.  The credit rating objective for our utilities remains at the A category and as we said consistently, we do not want to raise our dividend payout to a level that would require us to issue new shares to finance our growth. In the course of our discussions with the board; however we will review the company’s earnings and cash flow projections and we’ll update our outlook for capital spending and other cash requirements such as pension funding. As you know, our current policy calls for a 40% to 45% payout ratio next year and then a 45% to 50% payout in 2012 and thereafter. If there are any changes to the policy, I expect it will be announced soon after our board meeting on December 2. And now with more details on our third quarter and the outlook for the remainder of 2010, here is Allen.
Allen Leverett:  Thanks Gale. Now as Gale mentioned earlier, third quarter 2010 earnings from continuing operations were 95% per share. I’ll focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I’ll also discuss clash flows for the first nine months and discuss our earnings guidance for the remainder of the year. Our consolidated operating income was $203 million as compared to $104 million in the third quarter of 2009 or an increase of $99 million. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $134 million, which is $60 million higher than the third quarter of 2009. The most significant factor helping our utility earnings was the weather. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, we estimate that weather increased our electric margins by $65 million. This year, we experienced a hot and humid summer, which helped electric margins by approximately $30 million when compared to normal. Last summer, we experienced an unseasonably cool summer, which reduced electric margins by approximately $35million. So, when you combine these two variances from normal weather conditions, you get the $65 million year-over-year benefit related to weather. As we mentioned earlier in the year, during 2010 we received price increases to cover increased cost. We estimate that these price increases excluding fuel revenues helped operating income by $47 million. Also, our lower depreciation rates contributed to a $16 million reduction in utility depreciation expense. On the negative side, our utility O&M expenses were $56 million higher because of increased amortization cost and cost involved to operate the new plant at Oak Creek. These costs were considered in our most recent rate cases. Finally, our fuel recoveries were $12 million unfavorable compared to last year. When we net all of these factors together, we come to utility operating income that was $60 million higher than the third quarter of 2009. Operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which primarily includes We Power was up $36 million because of the beginning of commercial operation of Unit 1 at Oak Creek on February 2nd. Taking the changes for these two segments and adding $3 million of other items brings you back to the $99 million increase in operating income for this quarter. During the third quarter of 2010, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $15 million, which is a slight increase over 2009. All other income of $10 million was level with 2009. Net interest expense increased from $38 million to $53 million for a total of a $15 million increase, primarily because of interest expenses associated with Unit 1 at Oak Creek. In February of this year, we issued $530 million in long-term debt to replace short-term debt used to finance the construction of Unit 1. In addition, once Unit 1 achieved commercial operation, we stopped capitalizing interest on the construction in progress. The interest expense on the permanent debt for the Power to Future project is covered by the lease payments, and thus is included in customer rates. Consolidated income tax expense increase from $33 million to $63 million for a total increase of $30 million primarily because of higher pre-tax earnings, I except that our annual effective tax rate in 2010 will be in the range of 35% to 36%.  Combining all of these items brings you to $112 million of net income from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2010, our earnings of $0.95 per share. During the first nine months of 2010, we generated $654 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is up $220 million from the same period in 2009. Last year, our cash flows from operations included a $289 million contribution to our benefit plans. We did not make any contributions in the first nine months of this year. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $786 million as compared to $583 million in the first nine months of 2009. The adjusted number includes $132 million of cash impact from the bill credits in 2010 and $150 million in bill credits and refunds in 2009. These bill credits arose from the gain on the sale of our Point Beach Nuclear plant in 2007. Under GAAP, cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change in restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity. From the management standpoint, we consider this a source of cash as it directly relates to customer bill credits. The bill credits are scheduled to sunset at the end of this year. At that point, we will have returned the gain on the sale, as well as retained nuclear decommissioning trust assets to our customers. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $546 million in the first nine months of 2010. Approximately $445 million of this was dedicated to our utility business and the balance was primarily related to our new coal units at Oak Creek.  We also paid $140 million in common dividends in the first nine months of 2010, which was an 18% increase over the same period last year. On a GAAP basis, our debt to capital ratio was 56.7% as of September 30, 2010 and we were at 53.9% on an adjusted basis. This has improved slightly from our December 31, 2009 levels. I would expect our year end debt to capital ratios just to be somewhat below our December 31, 2009 ratios. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As shown in the earnings package that was posted in our website this morning, our actual third quarter retail sale of electricity increased 13.8% as compared to 2009.  On a weather normalized basis, third quarter retail electric sales increased 1.5%. Excluding the sales to our largest customer, the iron ore mines, on a weather normalized basis, retail sales decreased 1.1%, which is slightly behind our third quarter projection that called for a decrease of 0.2%.  The normalization process is at best and in perfects science and is less precise in times of extreme weather swings. This year, we had significantly warmer weather and last year we had significantly cooler summer weather.  Consumption by our residential customers increased in the third quarter by 26.4% and our small commercial and industrial class increased by 6%, both driven by the hot and humid summer weather. We believe that conservation efforts by residential customers contributed to the decline in weather normalized usage in the residential class as compared with our original projections. However, weather-normalized sales to our small commercial and industrial class came in stronger than our projections. Overall, our retail sales excluding the mines are tracking well against forecast. In February, we completed the permanent debt financing for the first unit at Oak Creek. Net proceeds were used to repay debt incurred to finance the construction on Unit 1. As we have consistently stated in the past, we anticipate that the permanent debt financing for Unit 2 at Oak Creek will occur upon commercial operation of the unit. Given the strong cash flows relative to our financial plan, we do not expect to need any long-term financing in our utilities this year. However, we do expect to complete long-term financing at the utilities in 2011. Also on April 1 of next year, we will have a debt maturity at the Wisconsin Energy level. We expect to retire $450 million at 6.5% Notes using internally generated cash and short-term debt at the Wisconsin Energy level. On a consolidated basis, we have approximately $1.6 billion of available undrawn credit facilities that expire in March and April of next year. We anticipate renewing and downsizing our credit facilities later this year before they expire in 2011. I would now like to discuss our earnings guidance for this year. We are increasing the range for guidance for 2010 by a nickel, from $3.70 to $3.75 per share up to $3.75 to $3.80 per share. Let me give you the background for how we arrived at this range. Through the first nine months of the year, we earn $2.78 per share. Now this is $0.14 per share ahead of the plan that we presented to all of you in February. That plan called for $3.70 per share for the year, the midpoint of our original guidance range. Now let me step back and give you my view of how I see the fourth quarter shaping up versus our original plan. At this point, I see three factors that are likely to drive us below the original plan earnings for the fourth quarter.  The first factor is the timing of the commercial operation at Oak Creek Unit 2. Our original plan called for in service date of October 1, which would have resulted in a full quarter earnings contribution from the unit this year. Of course the commercial and service date for Unit 2 is not certain at this point. However, it is probably safe to say that we will be at least $0.03 to $0.04 per share below the original plan due to this item. Next, electric fuel recovery has continued to be a disappointment this year. Assuming we had a $50 million under recovered balance for the year, we would come at about $0.03 per share below the original plan in the fourth quarter. Finally, the plan called for normal weather in the fourth quarter. At this point, it appears that October this year will be warmer than normal resulting another $0.01 per share below plan earnings for the fourth quarter. Taking these factors together, I would expect that our actual earnings in the fourth quarter will be $0.07 to $0.08 per share below our original plan. Backing this away from the $0.14 per share of favorable performance for the first nine months, we would arrive at an estimate of $0.06 to $0.07 per share of net over performance for the year. When added to the original level of planned earnings for the year that brings you into our new guidance range of $3.75 to $3.80 for 2010. This translates into an earnings guidance range of $0.97 to $1.02 per share for the fourth quarter. So with that, I’ll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa:  Allen, thank you very much. Overall we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stock holders.
Operator:  (Operation Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley:  Thanks, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa:  Greg, we got to get one thing straight first as Jed Packer Sunday.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley:  Well, yes, but Jed’s first, Parker second.
Gale Klappa:  How many points you have given me?
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley:  May the best New York team win. So, I have two quick questions, one is as you look at the political landscape in the state, obviously you may see a shift or you may not in the political party that takes office here. Can you comment on whether you think, there could be at the months full change in the appetite for the renewable energy spending that you’ve been targeting if the Republicans win the governor’s office.
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Greg. The race for governor, which I think would be the key race related to future strategy that the State might follow regarding renewable, the race for governor is tight, the last publicly available polls show the Republican slightly ahead, three to five points perhaps and I do think there is a difference of philosophy between the two candidates for governor as it relates to additional renewable portfolio standards beyond the year 2015.  So, let me start by saying, regardless of which candidate wins the elections, I don’t believe any of the plans that we have laid out here regarding Glacier Hills or regarding the Biomass project would see any material change. We have a state standard in place for 2015, I think everyone expects us to meet that State standard and regardless of which governor or which candidate is in the governor’s match and after January, I don’t see any change in that standard for 2015. The change that might come if for example the Republican wins the race, because it is I think he would probably want us to step back and take our foot of the accelerator and not have a stronger standard for the year 2020 or 2025. On the other hand if the Democratic candidate is the Mayor of Milwaukee wins he would express the definite interest in having a renewable portfolio standard at a higher level for the year 2025. So, in essence of the plans we had laid out and that our folks are working on in terms of construction and planning related to the new wind farm at Glacier Hills related to the new Biomass units, I see no impact from the election and we’ll just have to see how things play out regarding any standard for the State beyond 2015. I hope that answers your question, Greg.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: It does, my second question relates to the comment you made on the dividend policy, but really incorporates a bunch of things with regard to cash flow, so you guys have pointed out in PowerPoint presentations from different conference you have been at that is we move for the time and how the future begins to comes into cooperation of cash flow profile of the company improves and that should become more, more free cash flow positive. Can you tell us how you feel about whether or not it would be possible to accelerate the dividend payout ratio go over the company, with the back drop of having the deal with pension issues also and maybe the benefits of owner’s depreciation, when you look at the holistic cash flow profile of the company, how possible is that, that you might potentially be able to accelerate the payout ratio trajectory.
Gale Klappa: Greg, good question, and we will be basically laying out a base case and then sensitivities around the base case for our Board of Directors in December, Allen is now going through all of our model runs, updating all of our projections and we will actually cover that information with the board first and then if you would like, with you second.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Fair enough, I can try, right?
Gale Klappa: You can give it a shot Greg. Thanks for trying Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale Klappa: Hello Michael, how are you doing?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: I am, okay Gale, yourself?
Gale Klappa: We are doing fine. We got a wind storm going on here right now, lots of customers out.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Couple of easy kind of questions for you, first of all, if you were to do incremental renewable projects besides Glacier Hills in the Biomass plant, when do have to make decision and get them in the service to me kind of 2016, 2017 targets?
Gale Klappa: That question Mike, I am going to ask for Kuester, as up our generation unit to answer that question for you.
Frederick Kuester: If we were going to do a self bill Michael, we first, we would look at probably acquiring sites in the 2011 timeframe. I would expect then in the 2012, 2013 timeframe, we would go through the process with the commission, probably sometimes for competitive RFP and then we would look for construction timeframe in the 2014 to 2015 timeframe to get the units aligned by, the beginning of 2016.  We would also evaluate going to the short-term market, we’ve signed several short-term deals, five years in duration, the last time we went to market, the market was over supplied and it was favorable, don’t know that would be -- that way the next time, there would be another option we would have.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it, and couple of unrelated questions, how should we think about big drivers of cash flow, really cash from ops and cash from investing activities, besides net income D&A and CapEx, like what other significant drivers do you expect over the next year or so?
Frederick Kuester: I think the only two that I would add, Michael. Whereas this year, you know coming off with a very large pension contribution to the trust that we made in 2009. Coming off of that, we didn’t make any contributions at all to either the [Inaudible] trust or the pension trust in 2010.  I would expect that we would make a contribution to both of those, and candidly we are still finalizing those numbers and there will be somewhat impacted by what the final liability account rate turns out to be for the year. So that’s certainly one thing that will be new in 2011 as opposed to 2010.  I would expect the deferred tax liability balanced to continue to build up in 2011 and as we have both of these plants, the large coal plants online and generating tax depreciation I’d expect that to continued to be a source of cash if you will.  Other than capital spending and just earnings from the business, those would be the two that I’d point out. Do keep in mind that the capital spending forecast that we have currently for 2011 is about $1 billion. So it’s pretty significant budget in 2011.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about just a little more granularity around the delta between GAAP versus cash tax levels?
Frederick Kuester: I can talk about it in terms of an increase in the deferred tax liabilities that’s helpful.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Please.
Frederick Kuester: You know, I would expect kind of the current forecast that I have for the DTL balance in ‘10 versus the ’11, it’s about an increase of about $112 million in DTLs in ’11 as compared to 2010. Is that helpful?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Helpful, thanks guys. Much appreciated.
Gale Klappa: You are welcome Michael. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Gale Klappa: Hi Brain, how are you doing today?
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Good, thanks, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Just a quick clarification on the RPS standard for 2015. Will you meet the 8.25%, which was currently you discussed in terms of Glacier Hills or is there additional renewable needed to meet 2015?
Gale Klappa: If you look at where we are today, which is probably about 4.25% and then you add on Glacier Hills and then you add on the Biomass project. Depending upon our sales forecast we may have some small gap to close by 2015, which as Rick said, we might be able to close, in fact I think we’ve closed a bit already with some short-term PPAs for wind energy.  But basically we’re about there or close to there for 2015. However, with the projects we’ve mentioned and with the short-term small PPAs that Rick and his team have already signed. However, very important distinction, we get there for 2015, but we’re getting there impart by using up a bank of credits that we’ve already been granted. So, we don’t stay there in 2016 and therefore we need to really get offence of what the state policy will be asking us to accomplish because we can achieve and then have the plan in place to achieve 2015, but if you have any growth in sales at all and then by using up the bank to get there in 2015, we immediately become short in 2016 and shorter each year going out. So, that’s why it’s important to get clarification on the policy going forward at the State.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, understood. So I think previously discussed solar project and possibly they need for 500 additional megawatts of likely wind capacity, that’s sort of like a post 2015 type of timeframe?
Gale Klappa: Well, that’s not really. I understand exactly why you are asking the question, it’s a good question. But for example, if it’s determined that we need to continue to stay at say 10% state wide post 2015, then Rick and his team would have to get moving as he mentioned earlier on some projects and looking around for what the additional projects we might put in the pipeline, then I could see as for example as we self build, beginning construction, if we had the need of the continuing standard in 2012.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, great and than just lastly, have the 2012 financial outlook drivers have, they remain consistent since your last update?
Allen Leverett: Yes, mainly the little earnings model paid by and that we include in our presentation.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Correct.
Allen Leverett: That’s unchanged.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You are welcome. Thanks for the questions Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vedula Murti with CDP.
Gale Klappa: Vedula?
Vedula Murti - CDP: Hi, good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Hi, how are you doing Vedula?
Vedula Murti - CDP: I am doing well, thank you. My question I think is just kind of follow-on, a clarification of your answer to Greg Gordon, just though I’ll think about, that we think right now kind of given them the general variables and kind of in your base plan and readjusting dividend if we look from 12 through like 13, 14 and 15 roughly, in aggregate would you be able to say that operating cash flows would cover both dividend and capital requirement over that period, your basically cash flow neutral cumulatively over that period?
Allen Leverett: Well Vedula what we have said about our cash flow picture based on the plan that we laid out to our Board in February of this year, is that we would expect funds from operations to reach across over point versus the sum of dividends and capital spending meaning FFO would be greater than the sum of common dividends and CapEx in either 2012 or 2013. And so part of what we’ll do in the exercise that we will go through with the Board later this fall in December is the update that, but based upon the plan we laid out in February that cross over point was in 2012 or 2013.
Vedula Murti - CDP: And besides from the variability of renewable standards post 2015 is that the biggest moving piece that can effect that or was there or what are the other major pieces you focused on?
Allen Leverett: Well, that’s certainly a big piece but yeah, the environmental spending. Anyhow, as we’ve said in our public presentations, they’re certainly. Although, we are ahead of the curve versus other utilities on that spending, there would be some potential spending in front of us depending upon where those things, where those rules go. So, environmental is certainly one that I would put on the list, another that I put on the list is pension and I alluded to that in my response to Michael’s question. And then the last would be and there would be others, but the other big one would be could there be some additional opportunities outside the footprint at ATC that would require investment. So that’s kind of a hand full of some of the bigger sensitivities that we would look at for the Board.
Vedula Murti – CDP: Alright, thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Vedula.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equity.
Gale Klappa: How are you doing Nathan?
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equity: Doing well, thanks.
Gale Klappa: Good, busy week - -
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equity: Just a quick question, sorry I think may be at a delay here but to ask my question, I realize weather normalized sales is more than art, than science, but the only company that I know because I can take a 25% or 26% increase in sales and volume and say actually it looks pretty negative another weather normalized negative 4% decline. Are you actually seeing evidence that people are closing up shop and going away for the summer or what is that we’re seeing that would give you any indication that’s a realistic number or it just statistic noise… ?
Gale Klappa: Well, and Allen will give you his view as well. One of the things that, I think we’ve all learned over the years is that weather normalization technique that virtually everyone in the industry uses has its limitations particularly at the extremes. If you think about the summer we had last year, which is really no summer, there was almost no demand for air conditioning at all because of just extremely cool temperatures in the third quarter of ’09. And then you flip the third quarter of 2010 and we have literally the warmest summer on record in the Milwaukee region.  I think you begin to really see that the inherence difficulty with weather normalization at the extremes. So, I wouldn’t place too much emphasis on the third quarter number. However, Allen can tell you what, our nine months weather normalization numbers look like and I would put a lot more credence in the first nine months just on the weather normalization technique for Q3. Allen?
Allen Leverett: But maybe before I mention that, maybe also put some numbers around the excursion on cooling-degree days, I mean, it was in third quarter 2010, was 115% warmer than the same period in 2009 and about 42% warmer than normal. So it was very significant in terms of the cooling-degree days.
 :
Gale Klappa: And Nathan, we are seeing, what we call the shoulder marks where there is really not a very strong requirement for air conditioning or heating. We are definitely seeing a conservation where its easier to conserve. We have not seen so far when it’s very sticky and very warm.  We haven’t seen a significant amount of additional conservation and when it’s very cold, we haven’t seen a significant amount of additional conservation. But in those shoulder months, like for example this month, where we have had warmer than normal temperatures, you can definitely see a fall off. So, I think that’s where we are beginning to see the most impact from customer conservation.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equity: So, thinking longer term, there is kind of two questions that follow on to that then, are you – as it pertains to the coupling and thinking of that as well as what kind of impacts are we talking about to rate the customers, also considering that rates for renewables have to start coming into the customers’ bills, probably in the 2011 plus period. What are we looking at if we continue to see this couple of percent decline annually?
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, we have in our short, medium and longer term forecasting, we have factored in already an element of conservation. What we have seen so far, as Allen said in his remarks, in essence if you look overall across all of our retail customer groups, we are basically tracking pretty darn well against the forecast. We haven’t seen anything alarming or anything that would say that there our forecasting is off base, in terms of the very modest decline that we are seeing on a per customer basis, particularly on the residential side. Now having said that, we also continue to see modest customer growth, we were serving several thousand more customers at the end of September this year than at the end of September last year. We are actually seeing an up tick in gas distribution customers as well. So, you are going to see some conservation, you are going to see, I hope continued customer growth and then if we get any kind of economic rebound from here, remember our industrial sales are below 2008 level still, so if we get any kind of economic rebound from here that also will help in terms of kilowatt hour sales.  So, at the moment, I don’t think there is any cause for alarm or concern here related to any kind of real change against our forecast with what we are seeing in the real world. And then on your question about the coupling, I am still a bit of a skeptic as it relates to that dramatic change in the business model, particularly on the electric side. I think frankly the Wisconsin Commission is a bit skeptical as well.  One other utility in the state has a pilot program for the coupling underway, I think every one has agreed to step back and let see the results down the road of that small coupling experiment to see if that’s the right track to go down, but at the moment, I don’t see a need for any dramatic change in the business model.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equity:  That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thanks Nathan, good questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line for Jim Von Riesemann with UBS.
Gale Klappa: Hi Jim, how are you doing?
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: I am doing well, how are you?
Gale Klappa: Good. I like your new last name.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Yes, anything to confuse the IRS, get me out of jail. Two questions, one is could you provide some color on this comment you made in your prepared remarks regarding signs of a slowing economy in September and the second question is do you have any forecast, retail electric sale forecast for 2011?
Gale Klappa: Sure. I’ll take the first and then Allen can give you some specifics on the forecast for 2011. Let me just say this, the forecast for 2011 based on what we have seen so far is unchanged from the forecast that we used in our rate case for 2011. But first a little bit of color on the slowdown, about the second to third week of September and we track, by the way Jim, we track 17 large sectors, large industrial sectors of the economy here every week. So, I see, Allen sees, Rick sees, we all see a weekly report on industrial energies by sector across these 17 large customer segments. For the third quarter, 13 of the 17 segments were green, in other words 13 of the 17 segments showed growth over the third quarter of a year ago. We are still seeing the majority of the segments have growth, but there is no question that about the second to third week of September, it’s almost like our industrial customers took a collective breath, it’s not one single segment, but a kind of across the board.  The growth rate slowed down and we are really kind of seeing a pause. Now, that pause has continued into October, I cannot tell you if it’s permanent, if it’s a blip or if we’re starting to see the early signs of a downturn, but I can tell you its pretty visible in terms of at least a pause in the phase of the recovery and it’s pretty much across the board.
Jim Fleming:  Yes and then Jim, in terms of 2011 forecast for electric, if you look at things on a weather normalized basis, so in other words normalized ‘10 and then do a forecast for ‘11 based upon normal weather. My current outlook for total retail is essentially flat, maybe down about four-tenths of a percent in 2011 as compared to 2010, so still very modest in terms of our outlook on electric sales for 2011.
Gale Klappa:  And again, that’s weather normalized, Jim.
Jim Fleming:  Yeah, in both periods.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS:  Thank you.
Gale Klappa:  You’re welcome.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Paul.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Good afternoon. A quick question, press release talks about ‘11, ‘10 benefit from Oak Creek, but then on the numeric walk-down, there is $36 million of operating income which translates and requires more than $0.11, what are we missing?
Jim Fleming:  Interest.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay.
Jim Fleming:  And taxes, yes. So there is a part of interest expense of course which is associated with the first unit and then of course you have to provide for the taxes. So, when you put all those components together Paul, you get to the roughly $0.11 for the quarter.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And if you look forward to ‘11 and ’12, what’s a reasonable expectation for an effective tax rate?
Jim Fleming:  Well, the range that we are at right now, which was the, for 2010 was the 35 to 36, I think that’s still a pretty good estimate for 2011. We wouldn’t be expecting to bring the windmills and service very early in 2011, so wouldn’t expect any PTCs, any production tax credits, in ‘11. So right now, I would say ‘11 would be pretty similar to ‘10 in terms of the ETR.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  I assume the benefits of the production tax credits go to repairs?
Jim Fleming:  They do, and so what happens when you set the revenue requirement rate, they take into account what’s your effective tax rate will be. So, if say you saw decline in the effective tax rate in 2012 because of the production tax credits that you would expect to be able to generate, that would be reflected in rate making, so although the ETR may go down in ’12, that would all sort of get washed through the rate making process so that the customers will have the benefit of that. 
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Are we doing ITCs on any of these services?
Jim Fleming: We are not doing investment tax credit on it and we did a lot of analysis, it looks to us that the better option for the customers right now would be the PTCs the way things are currently structured.
Gale Klappa: And we did take a hard look at it, but clearly in our analysis for what we have in place, the better option was the production tax credit, Paul. 
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Is that a function of very strong capacity factor?
Gale Klappa: No, it’s a function really at the way regulation works here, but I mean the capacity factor really didn’t make much difference in the analysis.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then just can you kind of give us a forecast for your share of ATC CapEx for the next couple years?
Jim Fleming: Well, our ownership share of ATC is 26.2%. In terms of their 10-year spending plan, they are talking about $3.4 billion over the next 10 years at the total ATC level, so we would be roughly a quarter of that, that $3.4 billion. If you look at the next couple years in the annulus package that we used in September, we gave a three-year outlook for 2010, ‘11 and ‘12. I don’t have that here in front of me, but if you pull that out, it drills a balance to our share for each of the next three years.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Okay, thank you Sir.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Haine with Catapult Capital.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon. 
Ted Haine – Catapult Capital: Can you hear me?
Gale Klappa: I sure can. How are you doing Ted?
Ted Haine – Catapult Capital: Very well, thank you. Actually, most of my questions have been answered. I just had one, just to double check where you guys were running on whether year-to-date versus normal and also for fuel under recovery?
Jim Fleming: Yes, in terms of weather versus normal, I mean if you look year-to-date and you sort of look at both the gas business as well as the electric business, we are about $20 million pre-tax ahead of normal and in terms of fuel recoveries, let’s see if you give me just a second Ted.
Gale Klappa: Year-to-date is about $63 million.
Jim Fleming: Yes, in terms of cumulative under recovery, it’s about $63.5 million and my current expectation is that we would end the year about $50 million under recovered, which would imply a positive recovery position for the fourth quarter alone of about $13.5 million.
Ted Haine – Catapult Capital: Got you, okay. And you said for the third quarter you were $30 million above on weather, right? So, the first half of the year you were downturn?
Gale Klappa: Right and part of the reason for that is we had a warm winter. We did not have a very cold winter and so the gas, that was reflected in the gas distribution margins.
Ted Haine – Catapult Capital: That’s right, got you. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Gale Klappa: Alright, Dan. Dan, we got to have a little discussion here. I was with the governor the other day. And he mentioned, he is going to be retiring in January and he asked if he had done any good at all with managing his pension funds.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Well, I work on fixed income, so you can tell him at least I’m doing my share, so.
Jim Fleming: So in other words, your stuff is doing just fine?
Gale Klappa: Yes, it was those other guys, never mind. Okay Dan, how you are doing on this Halloween Eve?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Just trying to keep them blowing away.
Jim Fleming: Yes  
Gale Klappa: What can we do for you Dan?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Given the Oak Creek 2, eminently you are going to be in commercial operations. As we think of that going forward, should we use kind of the impact of Oak Creek 1, is that a good guide to go by or particularly like now and then where there is some shared cost that Oak Creek 2 will be significantly lower or what’s the plan there?
Gale Klappa: Are thinking about overall earnings from Oak Creek 2 versus Oak Creek 1 or -- just want to make sure we’re answering the right question?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right, when you kind of break down the changes from last year to this year, you kind of show where the Power the Future, the impact there and then also there is the impact up above in the utility in the O&M related to it, so kind of going into 2011, is that a good guide to measure what the impact Oak Creek 2 will have?
Jim Fleming: Well, in terms of earnings, I mean of course the absolute investment for Oak Creek 1 is larger than for Oak Creek 2, because there is the associated common and everything that’s loaded on that lease. So, I would be very careful about just extrapolating Oak Creek 1 to Oak Creek 2 in terms of earnings, but if you look it as a total package on a consolidated basis, most of the units together, about $100 million of consolidated after tax impact on net income and I guess from an O&M standpoint I would defer to Gale and Rick on that.
Gale Klappa:  I think we’ll see less O&M build up from the personnel for Unit 2 and the operation of Unit 2 because of what Allen said and that is we got the common facilities for both units that came into service with Unit 1. But to put all that kind of in perspective related to Allen’s $100 million number, about two thirds of the capital investment in Oak Creek was in Unit 1 in the common facilities and the other remaining one third of the total investment will come from Unit 2. Does that help at all, Dan? 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  Yeah, that helps.
Gale Klappa:  Okay.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: 
…:
Gale Klappa:  We can give you a number.
Jim Fleming:  Well, when you think about it in terms total financing that we would expect to do for the Oak Creek complex, that’s about $950 million. And I believe we did $530 million or so back in February and so we would expect to do the balance Dan of about $420 million on or about commercial operation day for the second unit.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  Okay, and then I think you mentioned no utility debt for the rest of the year, but you do expect to have some issuance in 2011?
Gale Klappa:  That is correct.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  If you can give us any color on size and timing of that?
Jim Fleming: 
 :
Gale Klappa:  Dan, you might want to see if the governor is interested in any of those bombs.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  Well, that’s a good retirement source for people, right?
Gale Klappa:  Exactly.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  Okay, that’s all I have, thanks. 
Gale Klappa:  Okay, take care of yourself. Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Gale Klappa:  How you’re doing Steve?
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital:  I’m doing great, thanks.
Gale Klappa: Good.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Just wanted to ask about the outlook for flat weather normalized sales in 2011 in the context of your remarks on industrial activities, is it fair to assume that that outlook for flat weather normalized sales assumed that there is a slowdown that you see in September and October is really just a pause and that we’ll see positive industrial world growth in 2011?
Gale Klappa: It really almost shows no growth from what we expected in 2011, I am sorry in 2010. So basically if you just look at everything weather normalized across the board, particularly on the largest industrial side it’s really not any kind of up-tick from what we thought we were going to experience in 2010.
Allen Leverett: Then maybe just put in some numbers around it, I think that’s qualitatively it’s exactly what Gale talked about, but again overall slight reduction in retail about four times the percent.
Steven Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: For 2011.
Allen Leverett: That’s correct.
Gale Klappa: Over weather normalized 2010.
Steven Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay, and then, but I guess the -- I am just curious that the sources of, if you are going to have a slightly reduction would that be driven by one particular customer class or is that a slightly reduction across commercial, industrial or it’s natural?
Allen Leverett: If we get down, Steve along the lines of small commercial and industrial, and large commercial and industrial. I would expect a very slight increase in small commercial and industrial probably about seven times of a percent and our current forecast is actually for decline in the large commercial and industrial right at 2% and one of the things that the impacting that we are going to see the final shutdown of the Chrysler plant in Kenosha and we’re also expecting that MMSD, which is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District, they’re going to be doing some self generation. So, we would expect somehow to come off our system.
Steven Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Steve, in fact that the Chrysler engine plant saw it’s last production day this past Friday, so but we already add that crank into the forecast.
Steven Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Excellent, thank you.
Gale Klappa: Your are welcome Steve.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
Gale Klappa: How is it going Jay?
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Very well, thank you. How are you?
Gale Klappa: We’re doing fine.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Two questions actually, the first would be just a follow-up with the last question, if you normalized for Kenosha and then Chrysler plant in the Sewerage District Allen, what would that large industrial look like growth ’11 over ’10?
Allen Leverett: Jay, right of the path, I don’t have anything normalized for those two.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: How bigger those two then maybe just the easier?
Gale Klappa: Chrysler is like our number 20 customer, it’s in the top 25.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Got you.
Gale Klappa: And I don’t, we just don’t have the MMSD numbers in front of us.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, no problem, the second question which was my primary one, Gale you spoke of the Oak Creek Unit 2 some equipment issues during start up here and I was wondering, maybe I missed it, but if you could possibly give us a little more detail on that and then just remind us under the settlement you signed the impact of any delay beyond November 28 of this year.
Gale Klappa: Sure and I’ll ask Rick to join in and add, do whatever I provide you as well.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That’s great thanks.
Gale Klappa: In terms of the equipment issues, in essence of one of the things, I think they’re actually positive, Bechtel is saying, they are in their operability run right now, one of the stringent requirements that we have in place with Bechtel before we will except the unit being ready for commercial service, is that the unit must run for 15 consecutive days at a capacity factor at or above 90% and they’re in the final 48 hours or something like that wreck of the operability run. But one of the things Bechtel wants to do, if we think it’s really positive, just bring the unit down after operability run, simply to do some equipment checks and replacement of a couple of elements et cetera. So, basically some equipment replacement and some equipment checks, and that will also give us an opportunity to do some additional inspection as well.  So, nothing that we are seeing at the movement that is overly alarming, but just the matter of being through and completely walking through this, so that when we take the unit, the unit has been as demonstrated it’s ability and it’s passed every single performance test and it’s ready to rock. Rick?
Rick Kuester: I think you pretty much did Gale, the original plan and the reason we talked about the delay was for Bechtel run this operability run and in concurrently also do the performance test and there is three performance test Jay, there is a capacity test, heat rate or efficiency test and admissions test and we are going to do that concurrently.  What they’re going to do now is finish the operability test, come down do some work on the plant, we are going to do some inspections and then they got to run the performance test after that. So, it’s push this out a little further than we first expected, but like we say, the delay could be a few days, it could be a few weeks, but we still expect it to be fourth quarter event. And as you recall these performance test, one passed with flying colors, the first go around Unit 2, is essentially and identical unit. We don’t see any impediment if Bechtel being able to pass these performance test.
Gale Klappa: And Jay to you second question, if for some reason the unit were to go beyond November 28 without being commercial, our agreement with Bechtel has November 28 said as the guarantee date beyond November 28 unless we and Bechtel agree on a weaver there would a liquidated damages owed to the utility of $250,000 a day. 
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities:  In the way, we will have to attached [ph] extension of time some type of on call delay or [Inaudible] advance.
Gale Klappa: Exactly. So no calls for alarm at this stage of the game and I must say Rick is right, I mean we really think based on what we’ve seen out at unit one and what we’ve seen so far and the testing our of unit two, that these are going to be very efficient, very good units for our customers for many years to come.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: That’s great. Thanks for the detail.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome, Jay. Well ladies and gentleman that concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate your participating. If you have any other questions Colleen Henderson will be alive and available on our Investor Relations office, her direct line 414-221-2590. Thank you very much. Good afternoon everybody.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klappa, Chairman, President and CEO Allen Leverett – EVP and CFO Steve Dickson – VP and Controller
Analysts: Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management Vedula Murti – CDP Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy Corporation conference call to review 2010 first quarter results. This conference is being recorded for re-brought cast and all participants are in a listen-only only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language all statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the prepared remarks, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its 2010 first quarter results at www.wisoncsinenergy.com. A replay of our remark will be available at approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, we appreciate you taking part in our conference call today to review the company's 2010 first quarter results. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of V-Generation, Allen Leverett our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Fleming our General Counsel, Jeff West Treasure and Steve Dickson, Controller. Allen will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, as you saw from our News Release this morning we reported earnings from continuing operations of $1.10 a share for the first quarter 2010. This compares with $1.20 a share for the first quarter 2009. As we mentioned on our conference call back in February, we expected our first quarter to be lower than last year because of fuel recoveries. Fuel recoveries caused a negative swing for $0.26 share for the quarter but on the other side of the ledger we benefited from earnings related to the first expansion unit at Oak Creek, which was placed into commercial service one minute after midnight on February 2. Overall, we're pleased with our first quarter's results. Now, I'd like spend just a moment on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our power of the future plan is fundamental to the principle of energy self sufficiency. Key component on our focus of self-sufficiency include investing in two combined cycle natural gas fired unit at Port Washington, North of Milwaukee. The construction of two super critical plant arise cold unit at Oak Creek which is south of the City and building a significant amount of renewable generation. As we discussed on previous calls, both unit at Port Washington are in service, construction was completed on time and on three budgets. The units are among the most efficient in the mid-west market, they're operating well and our customers are now benefiting from the low price of natural gas that fuels these units. Turning now to the status of the two new coal fired units at Oak Creek. Unit one passed all of its performance tests was placed into commercial service as I mentioned on February 2 and is currently on-line. Since early February, Bechtel has been addressing a number of punch list items and resolving several warranty issues that were identified after the turnover. This type of activity is quite normal for a major new generating unit in its first year of operation. We're very optimistic about the long-term performance of the Oak Creek expansion units. The demonstrated heat rate for unit one is outstanding. And based on that data, we believe that the Oak Creek expansion will rank among the 4 or 5 most efficient coal fired power plants in the country. We also made significant progress on the construction of unit two during the quarter. In fact, the first fire of unit two with natural gas was successfully achieved on April 20. Bechtel is now working on steam blows, a process used to clean scale and debris from the thousands of feet of tubes and pipes in the unit. Once steam blows are complete the unit will be re-configured so that steam can be directed to the high pressure turbine. The unit will then be fired again on natural gas and the turbine generator will be synchronized to the grid for the first time this is scheduled to occur by the end of June or early July, we then expect the boiler to be fired on full for the first time. From there we will follow a routine similar to the commissioning schedule we saw in unit one. Testing and tuning will be conducted, as the output of the unit is gradually raised from 0 to 100% capacity. The final step will be a series of rigorous performance tests. Now there's no question that we're benefiting from the lessoned learns on unit one. As a result, we expect the unit two at Oak Creek to have a smoother and shorter time line for commissioning. The guaranteed turnover date as you recall, for unit two, which was set as part of the settlement agreement with Bechtel is November 28 of this year. Now, as we first reported to you last December, we have settled all claims with Bechtel that were raised in the arbitration proceeding. Through its claim Bechtel was seeking additional construction costs of $517 million and scheduled relief of seven months and 4 months for the completion of units 1 and Unit 2 respectively. Our settlement includes the following elements. We agreed to pay Bechtel $72 million or about $0.14 on the dollar. Including $55 million, that has been paid to date and $17 million to be paid in five additional installments that are tied to specific milestone at the site, as one of the three co-owners of the Oak Creek we're responsible for approximately 85% of these amounts. Bechtel received 120 days of scheduled relief for unit 1 and 60 days of scheduled relief for unit two. This extended the guaranteed turnover date for unit two to November 28, 2010. And finally Bechtel released us from all matters related to their claims in the arbitration and we leased Bechtel from all matters related to our clams in the arbitration. As we move forward now, we'll continue to update you on the progress of unit two, as well as the recovery of any costs that might be incurred above the improved amount. In other developments in the first quarter, we reached an agreement to sell to a live energy our 25% interest in Edgewater unit five. Edgewater five is an existing 380 megawatt coal fired unit in eastern Wisconsin. The 95 megawatts capacity that we own at Edgewater will be sold for our net book value including working capital. As a result, we did not expect any book gain or loss on this transaction. And a lint, which already owns 75% of the plant's capacity will then become the plant's 100% owner. The sale is subject to the course to customer regulatory reviews including Wisconsin and Michigan commissions. If approved, we expect the sale to close by the end of this year. Pre-tax proceeds should be in the range of $40 to $45 million depending on the final working capital balances. This proposed sale of our minority interest in Edgewater five is a result of our normal ongoing review and analysis of the assets in our generation portfolio. I should also point out that today, this morning actually we closed on the sale of our Edison Sault utility in Sault Ste in Marie Michigan; we expect the final pretax proceeds from the sale to be approximately $61.5 million. Turning now to other developments, the Wisconsin state legislature completed its session for the five-year – I'm sorry for the year and adjourned on April 23. In our most recent call I had mentioned a bill being debated that was intended to address climate change. It did not receive a vote in either house. As a result, the current renewable portfolio standards in Wisconsin remain in effect and remain unchanged. To refresh your memory, the standards call for an increase in the amount of electricity we supply with renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard set targets for each of the Wisconsin utilities using an historical baseline. Using that baseline, approximately 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable by the year 2015. With the completion of our Blue Sky Green Field wind farm in 2008, we took a major step toward meeting Wisconsin's goal to reduce its carbon footprint. With a total of 88 turbines each with the capacity of 1.65 megawatts. Blue Sky Greenfield is the largest wind farm to date in Wisconsin's he was completed under budget and on time and actually ahead of schedule as well. Also in 2008 you may recall we purchased a new wind farm development site approximately 45 miles Northeast of Madison. The site was purchased from FPL Energy as part of the point beach transaction. This site, which we call the Glacier Hills Wind Park, is one the best location for a wind farm in the state. On January 22 of this year, the Wisconsin commission approved our request for a certificate of public convenience and necessity to build up to 90 wind turbines at Glacier Hills and in March we finalized an agreement with vest as wind systems for the delivery of 1.8 megawatt turbines by mid 2011. The initial order was issued for 81 turbines with the expectation of up to nine additional turbines will be added when all turbine placements have been finalized at the site. If 90 turbines are finally installed, Glacier Hills will have a generating capacity of 162 megawatts, we're pleased to be moving forward on what certainly will be a new sizable new wind farm the first year full year of operation for Glacier Hills is projected to be 2012 and our current estimate for capital cost for Glacier Hills is approximately $367 million, against assuming 90-best turbines are installed. This estimate does not include any allowance for funds used during construction or reimbursable transmission costs. Now as you may recall last fall we also announced our plans to build a 50-megawatt biomass fuel power plant at a paper mill site in Morgan was Wisconsin. The paper mill is own and operated by Domtar Corporation, we're fortunate to be close to significant forest lands that can be harvested and are being harvested in a sustainable manner. These forests have large amounts of wood waste that can be purchased to fuel the plant. Diversification of our renewable energy supply is one of our very important goals, as compared to wind; the clear benefit from an operational stand point is that we will be able to dispatch the biomass unit. Our investment in this project is projected to be approximately $255 million without an allowance the fund used during construction. On March 15, we filed an application for approval of this project with the Wisconsin commission. We expect the commission to make a decision by year-end the targeted in service date would be late 2013. Construction is also underway on a major upgrade of the air quality controls for the existing units at Oak Creek. We plan to invest approximately $950 million including allowance for funds used during construction, for the installation of wet-flue gas desulfurization and selective catalytic reduction facilities; we expect these controls to be completed in 2012. Construction is actually progressing very well. The project is about 30% complete as we speak today and we're on time and on budget. Turning now to our Michigan operations. On December 16, last year the Michigan public service commission approved ourselves implementation plant to raise electric rates by approximately $12 million or 9.5% effective with the commercial operation of unit one of the Oak Creek expansion. This rate increase is subject to refund with interest, depending on the final decision by the Michigan commission on the company's overall rate requests for $42 million annually. The commission staff has filed testimony supporting an increase of approximately $28 million. Right now, the case is before the administrative law judge. After the law judge issues his opinion, the case will then move to the commission. We expect a final order from the commission in July of this year. Now, before I turn the call over to Allen, I'd like to touch briefly on the direction of the economy in our region. We are beginning to see modest improvement in economic activity. The impact of the recession in our service area was deep. But thankfully in terms of unemployment levels it was not as painful as many other regions of the country experienced and for now it certainly appears that the worst is behind us. Specifically, we're seeing three sectors of the economy showing some strength. Iron ore mining. Specialty steel, paper production and printing and now with more detail on or first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2010. Here's Allen.
Allen Leverett: Thank you, Gale. Now, as Gale mentioned earlier, our 2010 first quarter earnings from continuing operations were $1 and $0.10 a share I will focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows in the quarter. Our consolidated operating income in the first quarter of 2010 was $230 million, as compared to $243 million in 2009, a decline of $13 million. Now, as expected, our utility operating earnings were lower because of fuel recoveries, but earnings from our non-utility energy segment were up with a commercial operation of the first unit at Oak Creek. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $179 million for a decrease of $37 million versus 2009. On the positive side, our electric revenues excluding fuel collections were up $43 million. This increase is primarily related to our Wisconsin electric retail rates that were effective January 1st. You may remember we received a 3.4% increase in Wisconsin retail electric rates, which included a 13.8% decrease in fuel related revenues. Also, our utility depreciation expense was $15 million lower in the first quarter as we implemented new depreciation rates in connection with the new electric rates. Finally, last year we had a $10 million reduction in revenues related to my so-charges. We did not have a similar charge in 2010. On the negative side, our fuel recoveries were $52 million lower as compared to the first quarter of 2009. In the first quarter 2010, we under recovered our fuel costs by $24 million. In the same period in 2009, we had a favorable recovery of fuel costs totaling $28 million. This represents a $52 million negative swing when we compare 2010 versus 2009. In addition, our utility owned and cost increase by $28 million in the first quarter, because of increased costs to run the new coal unit, recoveries of regulatory amortization associated with the power to future release, as well as deferred bad debt cost these increased costs were considered when setting our 2010 rates. Finally we estimate that weather had a $23 million negative impact on operating income. During the first quarter of 2010 we experienced weather that was slightly warmer than normal. Last year, we had a colder than normal winter. In addition to these items, the net of all other factors was $2 million, which leads to the $37 million reduction in utility operating income in the first quarter. Also, on March 25th of this year, we received rate relief under the current fuel rules. Pending our final review of our fuel rate, the revenue collected are subject to refund. With the new fuel recovery rate in place, I expect we will under recover our fuel costs by approximately $20 million for the full calendar year. Operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which primarily includes We-Power, was up $24 million because of the commercial operation of unit one at Oak Creek on February 2, now in 2011 when all of the plants are expected to be operating for a full year, we expect the total earnings contribution of the four units that We-Power will be $1.03 per share. After allocating $375 million of holding company debt. Taking the changes for each of these segments together and rounding brings you back to the $13 million decrease in operating income for the first quarter of 2010. During the first quarter of 2010 earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company totaled $15 million, which was a slight increase over 2009. Net interest expense increased by $8 million, primarily because of interest expense associated with unit one at Oak Creek. In February, we issued $530 million of long-term debt to replace short-term debt used to finance the construction of unit one. In addition, once unit, one achieved commercial operation; we stopped capitalizing interest on the construction in progress. In the first quarter of 2009, we capitalized $11.2 million of interest related to unit one. We also expect increases in interest expense when unit two achieves commercial operation. Consolidated income tax expense decreased by approximately$9 million because of the lower pretax earnings and a slightly lower effect of tax rate. Our effective tax rate for2010 is expected to be – between 35 and 36%. Combining all of these items brings you to $130 million of net income from continuing operations, for the first quarter of 2010 or earnings of $1.10 per share. During the first quarter, we generated $304 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is up $284 million from the same period in 2009. As we discussed, on prior conference calls, we contributed $289 million to our benefit trusts, in January of 2009. No contributions are expected this year. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $347 million. The adjusted number includes $43 million of cash impacts from the point each bill credits. Under GAAP the cash from the bill credits is reflected as a change in restricted cash which GAAP defines as an investing activity. From a management stand point however we consider this as a source of cash. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $195 million in the first quarter of 2010. About $131 million of this was dedicated to our utility businesses and the balance was primarily associated with the generating units being constructed, as part of our power of the future plan. This year, our total capital budget is approximately $950 million. $815 million of this is in your utility operations. And about $135 million is for our Power the Future program. Of the $815 million in utility spending, nearly $100 million is for renewables and $300 million is for environmental upgrades at our power plants. We also paid $47 million in common dividends in the first quarter of 2010, which was an 18% increase over the same period last year. On a GAAP basis, our debt-to-capital ratio was 57.2% and we were at 54.3% on an adjusted basis. These ratios are slightly better than our December 31, 2009, levels. The adjusted amount treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401K plan, options and other programs. Going forward we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Now, as shown in the earnings package we posted on our website this morning, our actual first quarter retail sales of electricity increased 0.3%, as compared to 2009. On a weather normalized basis, first quarter retail electric sales increased 2.2%. Excluding the sales for our largest customer, the iron ore mines on a weather normalized basis, retail sales decreased 0.4%, which is in line with our first quarter projection of a declining of 0.6%. Consumption by our residential customers declined in the first quarter by 3.6%. This was driven by the mild winter weather. Our small commercial and industrial class declined by 3.3%, due in part to the mild winter as well as continued difficult economic conditions. On a weather normalized basis, both of these classes performed better than our first quarter projection. Sales to the large commercial and industrial class increased 7.8%, for the first quarter of 2010 over 2009. Excluding the sales to the iron ore mines the large commercial and industrial class increased 0.6%. Overall, sales are tracking well against forecasts. In February, we completed the permanent debt financing for the first in unit at Oak Creek. We issued a total of $530 million of senior notes in two tranches. The first tranche was a $255 million note with a coupon rate of approximately 5.2% and a final maturity of February 11, 2030. The second tranche was a $275 million note with a coupon rate of 6.09% and a final maturity of February 11, 2040. We use the net proceeds to repay debt incurred to finance the construction of Unit 1 at Oak Creek. We anticipate that the permanent debt financing for Unit 2 at Oak Creek will occur this fall. On a consolidated basis, we have approximately $1.6 billion of available undrawn credit facility that expire in March and April of 2011. We anticipate renewing and downsizing our credit facilities later this year before they expire in 2011. Our earnings guidance remains the same as what we provided to you in our February conference call. We expect our earnings for 2010 to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.75 per share. Now before I turn things back over to Gale, I would like to briefly discuss our earnings outlook for the second quarter. Now let me start by saying that we project our second quarter earnings to be above the $0.54 per share we earned in the second quarter of 2009. Now, as you may remember from our second quarter call last year, our 2009 second quarter earnings benefited by $0.05 per share because of an issue stemming from refund of credits relating to MISO. We will not have this benefit in the second quarter of 2010. So the adjusted 2009 base, if you will, is $0.49 per share. And as we look to this year, the key positive driver is the full quarter's contribution from Oak Creek Unit 1. I expect this will add $0.11 per share. Note that this also includes an increase in net interest expense because of the reduction in capitalized interest associated with the Unit. I also expect that fuel recovery will be a very slight positive versus last year. Although, we project that the company will under recover fuel cost in the second quarter, we are currently projected to have less of an under recovery than last year. At this point, we cannot say how much of an earnings driver weather will be. April weather was mild. However, whether in the second quarter of 2009 was also mild. So to summarize, if you start with a $0.54 per share from last year, subtract $0.05 for the 2009 MISO item and then add $0.11 per share for Oak Creek Unit 1 you get a good starting point of $0.60 per share for your second quarter earnings estimate. So with that, I'll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Allen, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And now, we'll head for the Q&A section of our call. I bet our operator is standing by.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Bill Appicelli with Morgan Stanley.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning.
Gale Klappa: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Good. How are you?
Gale Klappa: We’re doing good. You got Greg under control.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Yeah. He's down in Florida, but under control last time I checked.
Gale Klappa: Well, I keep an eye on him.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Just to rehash in the large C&I, it sounded like the bulk of that was driven by the operations coming back at the mines? Is that correct?
Gale Klappa: Yeah. That's very much so. We had a double-digit increase in energy usage by the iron ore mines. They have had a very rapid return to virtually full production coming out of the recession. But we're also seeing, some puts and some pluses as you would expect. The other two sectors as we mentioned, the other two sectors that are really beginning to see some material increase are the specialty steel production. In fact, I talked to the largest specialty steel producer in Wisconsin I talked to the CEO and COO yesterday. And they are very optimistic, their order book is full for the remainder of the year, and then paper production and printer is beginning to show some signs of life after really getting hit very hard during the last 18 months. Allen?
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, it sounds like then, this sounds like the production coming back from the mines in some of these specialty steels has the outlook of being sustainable for the foreseeable future, we would hope?
Gale Klappa: Certainly from our conversations with those customers, I think the remainder of the year looks pretty solid for those two sectors.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. And then, the second question is regarding the 2011 guidance. I know it's still at $4 and I think, if you can just kind of walk me through the changes in the buckets. I know the outlook for Power the Future has increased from $1.14 to $1.33. While the earnings contribution from the electric and gas utilities has declined from, by about $0.22. I assume that's, you're now assuming a lower dollar ROE at the utilities, and is the Power the Future step up because of all in cost, the ultimately expect to reflect in rates at that point to be higher?
Allen Leverett: So, Bill, let me make sure. This is Allen to make sure you're asking for a comparison between 2010 and 2011.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: No. I'm sorry just to clarify. The 2011 just kind of looking at slides from maybe in the fall to what you're last presentation was, it's usually the buckets that are adding up to the $4, so it's 2011 versus 2011, but just the breakout of how you get to there?
Allen Leverett: Yeah. That's right. If you look looked at the presentation, say, that we would have done in September of last year, a couple of, actually two conferences in September, we still have the $4 number for 2011, that's exactly right. But the electric utilities were slightly higher than what you would see today. So for right now, my outlook for 2011 for the utilities is $2.61. It was slightly higher back in September and really the differential between the two is the, the allowed rates of return at the utilities. So they're down somewhat because remember in September that's before we got the outcome and the rate case. And the Power the Future earnings contribution is up slightly. I think the ATC contribution was about the same, Bill, if you looked at the September version versus the current version. But bottom line, our expectation is still for at least $4 a share in 2011.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, but the driving the higher assumption on Power the Future would be just the assumption that the cost maybe a little bit higher than what was initially out there when you had the $1.14 or?
Allen Leverett: Well, remember, there were really, at least two big uncertainties when we were doing the presentations back in September. One, we didn't know the outcome of the rate cases, and two, we didn't know the outcome of the Bechtel settlement. We were yet to get either of those resolved. So in the former, the allowed return ended up being a bit less than what I would expected back in September, and in the latter case, the Bechtel settlement was a positive surprise.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So driven most part by the Bechtel, okay. And then, the $1.33 which should be the assumed kind of run rate going forward until you hit the kind of five-year escalator, assuming that, the, there's no equity issuance during that time, is that a fair, in terms of price…
Allen Leverett: That's right. Yeah. We would expect, if you look for a full year in 2011, a $1.33. So that assumes all four units online for a full year and no equity issue answer at all.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Bill.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. And then, the – basically what will happen after five years with the lease payments on the coal units. There will be a step up in the lease, in the payment, so that will affect cash, certainly. But in terms of the way the revenues get spread over the term of the lease, if you take deferred revenue plus current revenues those all get levelized over the term of lease.
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Allen Leverett: There's book accounting impact for that. That makes sense?
Bill Appicelli – Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Thank you.
Allen Leverett: Okay. All right.
Gale Klappa: Good to hear you call, Bill.
Operator: Moving onto Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Michael. How are you doing?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: I’m fine, Gale. How are you?
Gale Klappa: Yeah. We are hanging in there. We are doing all right.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: A couple questions for you. What's in your guidance? What's the assumption in guidance for the Michigan rate case outcome?
Gale Klappa: I believe the, I'm not sure that we have an actual, I mean…
Allen Leverett: That's not something that we...
Gale Klappa: Yeah.
Allen Leverett: It’s not something…
Gale Klappa: It’s not something that we've talked about.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. I don’t, it's not something that we've specifically broken out, Michael. But as we talked about on the February earnings call, what's sort of baked in behind that $3.70, we're in the midpoint of the guidance range, is 10% earned…
Gale Klappa: Return…
Allen Leverett: … ROE, for Wisconsin Electric Power Company, but we've never talked specifically about the Michigan outcome.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. And the other thing you talked a little bit about some D&A changes per the rate agreement. Can you go into a little bit more detail, I apologize, I didn't catch that?
Allen Leverett: Yeah. The, what happened in connection with the rate case, we did a new depreciation study. And based on the results of depreciation study, which we had to file the new study as a part of the rate case, it basically supported, lengthening if you will the depreciable life of lives of the assets. And I believe that our total utility level you’ll see, that results in about a $60 million reduction in depreciation expense. So that's, and so that was reflected of course in rates, Michael. So it's a variance. Your actual, actual but it was reflected when we set rates or when the commission set rates, rather last year.
Gale Klappa: It was all part of the review of the entire business that gets conducted during a rate case.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And at $60 million annualized across Webco, Inc. and Wisconsin Gas, is there any way to break that in half, I mean, by sub?
Allen Leverett: We can certainly.
Gale Klappa: We can try.
Allen Leverett: We can breakdown for you late, but it’s, but to tell you the truth, we’re going to – we've applied to merge Wisconsin Gas with Wisconsin Electric here pretty soon, so it will be one big number soon anyway, Michael.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you. Thanks, guys.
Gale Klappa: Take care, Michael.
Operator: Moving onto Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Paul. How are you, today?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Fine. Yourself.
Gale Klappa: We are doing well.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: When we look at second quarter with $0.60 at starting point, when you think about the rate case, the depreciation study, I guess…
Gale Klappa: We've baked all that into what Allen mentioned to you is a good starting point.
Allen Leverett: Well, in term of when we set, well, the guidance for the year for the utilities is, Paul, is for it to be flat, the utilities to be flat, that's our guidance, in terms of earnings, if that's your question for the year.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Does your $0.60 second quarter starting point contemplate the new rates that took effect January 1?
Gale Klappa: Yeah.
Allen Leverett: Yeah.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And what was whether versus normal?
Allen Leverett: The weather in the first quarter of this year was warmer than normal. I think in terms of heat and degree days, we were probably about 100 heating degree days, below normal on or unfavorable on degree days. In terms of margin, I think, we broke that out in the factors, we were about $23 million in total. You want to break that out for us Steve?
Steve Dickson: Yeah. 23 in total, the electric we were – had about $9 million and the gas was about 14. Again, as Allen said in, the first quarter, it was mild. It was about 6% warmer than normal. Last year, it was colder, so that's the swing.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. There was a big swing, Paul, in part because we had a mild, as Steve is indicating a mild winter this year, a very, very cold winter in the prior year. So the bigger swing than just the change in degree days to normal might indicate.
Gale Klappa: You have margin versus normal? How much is 23ish residual from last year rolling off?
Allen Leverett: Well, if you look at maybe we'll just talk you through it. In the first quarter of 2009, Paul, it was better than normal from the standpoint of weather and if you measure that in terms of margin, that was about a $15.5 million pickup versus normal weather in, in 2009. Then in 2010, as, as Steve mentioned, as I mentioned, that was worse than normal, unfavorable versus normal and that was $7.5 million. So $15.5 million benefit from weather versus normal in the first quarter of '09, $7.5 million going the other way in 2010 for a total swing of 23.
Gale Klappa: 23.
Allen Leverett: Does that help?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Yes.
Allen Leverett: Yep.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Then the depreciation study, that had a dollar for dollar offset in the revenue requirement, isn’t that?
Allen Leverett: Absolutely.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely right.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: So that's earnings neutral that depreciation study?
Allen Leverett: That's right.
Gale Klappa: That's correct.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question will come from Leon Dubov.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Hi. Good afternoon.
Colleen Henderson: Hi Leon, how are you today?
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: I just wanted to check for your 2011 guidance; I think you guys have baked in some, I guess, some fuel variability in Wisconsin. I'm wondering if this new bill that's based there, is that kind of give you a little bit more comfort around that or how does that affect it?
Gale Klappa: Well go ahead.
Allen Leverett: Generally, generally when we do guidance, particularly for a period as far hard as 2011 we just assume that fuel is a neutral. So you know, we haven't made any, sort of assumption that we'll be over or under collected in 2011. So that's, as it relates to guidance. Now, Gale, if you want to amplify that anymore.
Gale Klappa: I'll be happy to. Again, simply because of the way fuel recoveries work, as Allen said, when you go out farther, it's really not possible to pinpoint precisely what our fuel recovery situation is going to look like, so on our farther out years we do assume neutral fuel recovery. You're correct that a bill passed the legislature this past session. That would in essence be an improvement in the way the recovery mechanism works. In that the commission would be allowed under this piece of legislation that passed to basically ask all the utilities to project their annual fuel costs in the fall of the year prior to the New Year. So for example, the commission could ask the utilities to come in, in October or November, with a pretty firm projection of their fuel costs for the following calendar year. And then theoretically after a hearing, the commission could set a new fuel rate that would be effective January 1. If that should occur, it would obviously damp even and reduce the volatility in our fuel recovery. We think that would be a positive improvement. The bill ended up being very non-controversial, which was a very good thing. It actually passed the state Senate on a voice vote and was supported by all the parties involved. The Wisconsin commission testified on behalf of the bill, the consumers utility board and the industrial groups, the industrial owner groups testified on behalf of it. The utilities were obviously in favor of it. So it was a, it was a well supported piece of legislation. And the remaining step is, the governor would need to sign the bill and we'll, we'll be able to determine whether that happens over the course of the next 20 days.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Okay. Does that change anything for 2010 guidance?
Gale Klappa: No. No. Because it would take a while for the commission to put all the rules in place for this new recovery mechanism and I wouldn't expect assuming the governor does sign the bill, I would not expect that mechanism to be in place probably until the start of 2011.
Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Got it. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now hear from Vedula Murti with CDP.
Gale Klappa: Rock-and-roll, Vedula, how are you?
Vedula Murti – CDP: I'm well. Thank you. Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon.
Vedula Murti – CDP: I would see – if I recall from your last call, I think when you set up the outlook for the year-end, particularly the 10% earned return assumption. You talked about the challenges in terms of I think the sales forecasts versus, you know, what you were thinking as well as cost challenges that were, that you were facing versus what was provided for, in the last rate outcome. Could you talk about a little bit how the first quarter tracked versus that and kind of what you're seeing either things that are moving in your favor or things that might be incremental headwinds versus your comments from the last quarterly call, if I'm phrasing that properly?
Gale Klappa: I'll be happy to, Vedula, and Allen can join in with whatever thoughts he has. I think the key variables, the key factors that could swing, obviously, first related to the economy and whether our sales forecast was on target. And as Allen mentioned during his remarks, we're actually tracking just slightly better overall than our sales forecast. So at the moment – on a weather normalized basis, so at the moment, our sales forecast seems to be holding up well.
Allen Leverett: Now that's versus our financial forecasts, Vedula, which you'll remember that the sales forecast that we bake, that was used for our financial forecast was not quite as rosy as what the commission used to set rate. So when Gale talks about how we're doing versus sales, it's versus the sales that are in our financial forecast.
Vedula Murti – CDP: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Okay. And secondly, always a big variable for every utility is weather. And weather clearly did not cooperate in the first quarter of this year. We also had a very mild April. It was the second mildest April on record since weather records began here in Milwaukee. So weather remains a variable and clearly we'll see how the summer goes, but it certainly has been a very warm spring. And then the third is obviously is obviously cost control and I'm very pleased with where we are on, on our managing the costs in our business. We continue to track slightly under the budget on our O&M expenses and that was helpful to us in Q1 when the weather was not. So the three big variables, I think, we clearly have – strong effective cost controls in place. We'll see how the weather pans out, and of course, the fuel volatility in the first quarter. Allen mentioned on the call that we do have interim fuel rate in place and we expect to still be under recovered for the year but hopefully, hopefully with the new fuel recovery in place, which is much more reflective of what we're seeing in the wholesale power and natural gas markets, hopefully that won't materially get worse as we end the year.
Allen Leverett: Yes. Vedula, there's one other factor that we did discuss back in February and that was the Michigan REIT case and, we, we don't have an outcome in that. Of course, we're waiting for a proposal for decision from the ALJ, that should be any day. And then the commission, I believe, they have to rule in July. So that's something we, don't yet know what the final outcome of that's going to be, of course.
Vedula Murti – CDP: All right. Thank you very much.
Allen Leverett: Thanks, Vedula.
Operator: Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital has the next question.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Reza.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Thank you. Hi, guys, how are you?
Gale Klappa: We're great. How you doing?
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Pretty good. Sorry, if I missed this earlier, but what's the ROE embedded in the 2011 utility guidance?
Allen Leverett: Well, basically, you know, 2010 just to remind everybody is about 10%. And then the assumption that we're making in 2011 is about the same, you know, going back to the question that I got. I can't remember who it was from. Earlier on the call, but when we're looking at the 2011 numbers, the 261 that we had in our – our analyst presentation for 2011 for the electric and gas utilities, the return is just under 10%. So about 10% this year and just under 10% next year.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: So a little, little degradation because you're in between rate cases? I mean, it's sort of like you're in middle year?
Allen Leverett: Yes. And obviously we'll seek to do better than that because we would aspire always to earn our allowed returns but right now our forecast is for something little less than 10% in 2011.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: But, of course, as you build more including the HUCS, the Oak Creek HUCS and these other large projects, you're earning some (inaudible) on that in '11 that, you know, then gets rate based in 2012. Is that the best way to think about it?
Allen Leverett: Right.
Gale Klappa: Right.
Allen Leverett: So basically as we spend the dollars on renewables so glacier hills and south Oak Creek, we spend the dollars and then those earnings go ahead and manifests themselves below the line as AFUDC and then we would, we would seek to put them into rates into 2012.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome, Reza. Thank you
Operator: We'll now here with Phyllis Gray with Dwight Asset Management.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Welcome. How are you?
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: I’m well. How are you?
Gale Klappa: We're doing well.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: I wondered, if you had received any additional information from Moody’s regarding the potential change in equity credit allocated to hybrid securities?
Allen Leverett: Yeah. My – of course, they put out their proposed changes comment. I'm not sure exactly, Phyllis, when the comments are due back. But they – they put those out for comment. If, unless they change the – the way they're headed, the hybrids that we have under the Moody’s sort of scheme if you will, instead of having a 50% credit, they'd have 25% equity credit. So if they do that, sort of interesting result of one agency Fitch they will treat them at 75% equity. S&P would treat them as 50% and Moody's would treat them at 25. So I guess everybody has to be different, so they all the way across on the scale on the equity credit. But Phyllis from a practical standpoint, we're not going to change anything about our financing plan, right. Based on what Moody's does or doesn't do with the equity credit of the hybrids.
Gale Klappa: The arithmetic average is still 50%, even if they go down to 25.
Allen Leverett: Right. Is that responsive to your question, Phyllis?
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Yes. It is. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Gale Klappa: Dan.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi.
Gale Klappa: Hello.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Good afternoon.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon. Did you survive the Mifflin Street block party?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Barely.
Gale Klappa: Barely. Yeah. You didn't see any vans, black vans sitting there smoking or anything. Did you Dan?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: No, I'm getting ready to send all those folks your way in a couple weeks so.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. Okay. Well, what's on your mind today, Dan?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: First of all, I just wanted to make sure I understood your addendum on the retail sales to try to adjust for the normalization.
Gale Klappa: Okay.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So I guess the lower right corner with the – that’s the Original forecast assuming normalized weather for the first quarter? Is that correct?
Allen Leverett: That's right.
Gale Klappa: Yes.
Allen Leverett: So you are looking just to be clear. You're looking at page 11, Dan?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right.
Allen Leverett: Yep.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So based on that, so I guess it's right that the residential and small commercial industrial and mines did better on a normalized basis than you expected but the large commercial industrial X mines did a little worse.
Gale Klappa: That's accurate.
Allen Leverett: That's exactly right.
Gale Klappa: Yep.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So what's, I guess I'm curious, what was the discrepancy in the large commercial industrial X mines since it's fairly sizable difference there?
Gale Klappa: Actually, if you look at all the major sectors that we look at in terms of our customer segments, it was really, it was really a lot of puts and takes. There were a couple of sectors like for example, other utilities, I mean, we have a very large water utility system here in the Milwaukee region that was very under in term of its, its expected electricity usage, but there really wasn't one single pattern. We had the three sectors that we talked about that were definitely going in the right direction and not – and then a lot of little movement back and forth among all the other sectors. So nothing really stood out other than perhaps other utilities and MMSD, the Metropolitan Milwaukee Sewerage District really stood out to me but nothing material and it is interesting, though at least to me, the largest energy users are beginning to show growth. Our normal largest consumers are, our normal largest industrial customers are beginning to show growth, what's lagging is the smaller – the smaller customers within that large segment.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. You mentioned that you targeting maybe fall for the financing of the Oak Creek two, would that be similar sized to what you did for Oak Creek one or how should we think about the size of that financing?
Allen Leverett: Well, in total, we're looking at doing a total of $950 million worth of financing to the two units combined this year. So we did $530 million back in February, so we'd do the balance of $420 million roughly with the second unit and Dan, in terms of timing, essentially what we would do is do the financing contemporaneous with the commercial operation of the second plan.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Then on page seven, you mentioned part of the O&M cost, year-over-year comparison was due to the new coal unit being in effect. Is that correct?
Gale Klappa: Yes. I mean, obviously once the unit goes into, goes into service you have thing like ammonia costs to run the scrubbers, you have personnel costs, et cetera.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yeah.
Gale Klappa: That's a big factor. And I think we've done a specific breakdown for you.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. About six of the $28 million was O&M for the power of the future units, Dan.
Gale Klappa: You have to remember that's only for two of the three months of the quarter.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So that should be something that will continue then throughout the rest of the year, would it be that similar rate about $3 million a month?
Allen Leverett: Yeah. But just keep in mind, of course, that was reflected when we, when the commission set rates.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right. But I'm just, when we look at year over year –
Allen Leverett: Yeah.
Gale Klappa: GAAP results.
Allen Leverett: That's what you'll see in the account.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So I guess the another thing I'm, I want to try to understand, how is it that, – those costs are up in the utility, but then you have the benefit of $24 million in the non-utility, is that like a pass-through?
Gale Klappa: Dan. The way the lease works is basically the utility, remember now, We Power, which is our subsidiary of the parent, designed and built the unit and is leasing the unit for a set period of time approved by the commission, leasing the units of the utility. But the utility is responsible for operation and the utility's responsible for all the associated O&M cost. And the utility is also responsible for a lease payment each month to We Power for leasing the unit. So that's why you're seeing the O&M in the utility, in the utility statements and why you're seeing the result of the lease payment in We Power's income statement.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. As part of the cost of the utility's paying being reflected in other, in like say fuel and other parts to them?
Gale Klappa: Oh, sure. The fuel costs would be part of our normal fuel recovery rate. That's part of the electric bill and part of the utility's costs.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then last –
Gale Klappa: Fuel and all operation and maintenance expense, or the power of the future units are responsibilities and are reflected in the utility statements.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Is the lease payment, is that included in O&M or is that included in (inaudible).
Gale Klappa: The answer is yes. Steve, go ahead.
Steve Dickson: Yeah. Dan, I just want to summarize what Gale had said, as the utility is responsible for operating the plant, but the fuel cost associated with the new units, the O&M costs for running the day-to-day, the day-to-day operations, those are included in utility's income statement. In addition, the utility is making a lease payment for the right to use that unit. The lease payment is also in the utility O&M, but the lease payment is reflected as revenue in the We Power in the non-regulated segment. So if you think, if you carve out the lease payment that's in O&M, that amount matches the revenue that's being recorded in the non-regulated energy sent. Does that make sense?
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right. Yeah. I was just trying to make sure I understood how that was working across.
Steve Dickson: Okay. And then on a consolidated basis, then that lease payment gets eliminated against the revenue that We Power. So that gets eliminated in consolidation.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Does that makes sense Dan.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yeah. That makes sense.
Steve Dickson: Good.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: The last question I had was you mentioned the new units go into service that you consider revising your dividends to reflect that. What's your ideas as far as the timing that when that might be reflected?
Gale Klappa: We have, as you may know, Dan, a stated policy that our board has approved related to the dividend. In an essence it's in two pieces, right now. And the first is we would pay out 40 to 45% of our earnings in dividends, this year and 2011. And then after 2011, we're proposing to raise the payout ratio, again, from 40 to 45% currently to 45 to 50%. So that would be effective based on our policy in 2012.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you. That's all I have.
Gale Klappa: You are more than welcome. Hang in there Dan.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. You too.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up from Paul Ridzon.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Do you have any for Medicare D or Cadillac health plans?
Gale Klappa: No. We don't, and I'm not sure whether we were brilliant or lucky, but when we did the assumptions associated with the future costs of our health plans, we realized that the subsidy under the current law, not related to the new healthcare legislation, but the subsidy under the law then in effect, in essence went away at the end of the 2013. We have several different plans that we offer to our retirees. And we assume that with the subsidy going away that that particular plan that was the beneficiary of the subsidies, we assumed that plan wouldn't be economic anymore. And so we wouldn't keep any of our retirees on that plan. So we didn't, we didn't basically take into account any benefits to the corporation for the subsidy beyond 2013 and therefore, no accounting charge was needed.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: So you mentioned, though the word Cadillac and so were you asking, so Gale, gave a very good answer to this, the drug subsidy issue, because the tax deductibility of the drug subsidy is changing, no longer, no longer deductible. So that's one issue. And Gale answered that question. Were you asking a different question, because you said the word Cadillac, which is a – it's a longer term issue about excise tax.
Gale Klappa: That's a longer term, were you wanting to know about that Paul?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Apparently, I guess actuarials have started to dig deeper into that and it may be a bigger issue than the people thought at first glance.
Gale Klappa: On the Cadillac?
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Yes.
Gale Klappa: Well, we do know that the Cadillac plans are under the current law. So the excise tax on the "Cadillac plans", don't kick until 2018. So at the moment I think a lot of people are going to be digging into that and looking at that. I believe to be very candid, that all of our plans, if you look at all of our plans, which I don't view as Cadillac plans. By the year 2018, just given inflation that's expected in medical care costs, all of our plans would be deemed Cadillac by 2018. My guess is that virtually every company's plan would be deemed Cadillac by 2018. So at the moment, we'll just have to see as that unfolds
Allen Leverett: Yeah. And I guess from an actuarial standpoint, there is this remeasurement concept, Paul, that you may have heard people talk about, and I certainly don't expect remeasurements to be required this year yet. But we will have to do a remeasurement of the FAS 106 liabilities in 2011. And we'll see what impact if any potential excise taxes in the future might have on that remeasurement, but I wouldn't expect a remeasurement in '10, but I would expect almost assuredly you'll have do some remeasurement in 2011. But there are a lot of uncertainties, I mean for example, Paul, Apparently HHS has to promulgate quite a bit – They have to did a lot of rule makings and depending on where they hit on some of that rule making, that could also have effect.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Absolutely.
Allen Leverett: Good or bad, on your retirees as well as our active medical experience.
Gale Klappa: Allen is right, Paul. The first set of rules were theoretically to be delivered by HHS in 90 days, after the date of passage of the legislation. We haven't hit the 90-day mark yet. There's some discussion that perhaps a lot of those rules won't be promulgated in 90 days. I think we've got a long way to go to work our way through this ticket.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: I just hope they don't go after my Yugo plan. Where does, where does the Point Beach, bill credit stand?
Gale Klappa: Well, we're cranking the Point Beach bill credits every month on schedule and under the current, the commission's current rate order, those Point Beach bill credits for retail customers in Wisconsin would basically run through all of calendar 2010 and then be completed.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. And of course the Michigan credits are done and the FERC credit, there were no bill credits there, there was just a lump sum that was handed over to the customers back in 2007, I believe.
Gale Klappa: So all of the bill credits essentially from the Point Beach transaction will be dealt with, by the end of 2010 and the remaining jurisdiction is just Wisconsin.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Paul. And take care wherever you go.
Operator: Mr. Klappa, we have no further questions. So I'll turn it back over to you for closing, sir.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much. This concludes our conference call for today. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to call Colleen Henderson in our investor relations office and she's available at 414-221-2592. Thank you very much.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-02 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klappa - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President Rick Kuester - President & Chief Executive Officer of We Generation  Alan Leverett - Chief Financial Officer  Jeff West - Treasurer  Jim Fleming - General Counsel  Steve Dickson - Controller
Analysts : Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Bill Appicelli - Morgan Stanley Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities
Operator: Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s conference call to review 2009 year end results. This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast, and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time.  Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made.  In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share, unless otherwise noted.  After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions-and-answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website, a package of detailed financial information on its 2009 year end results at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call.  Now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Arlene, thank you. Good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining us on our conference call to review the company’s 2009 year end results.  Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy Management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of We Generation; Alan Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, our venerable General Counsel; Jeff West, Treasurer; and Steve Dickson, Controller. Allen will of course review our financial results in detail in just a moment.  As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $3.20 a share for 2009. This compares with $3.03 a share for 2008. While we saw a significant decline in the sale of electricity, because of the recession and a very cool summer, our 2009 earnings were boosted by a full year’s contribution from our Power, the Future investments in the second generating unit at Port Washington, and the water intake system at Oak Creek, and by significant cost reductions across our business.  Overall I’m very pleased with our financial and operational performance. From customer satisfaction to network reliability, to progress on our Power the Future plan, the company made great strides during the year, and in a tough economy, we posted solid financial results.  Now I’d like to spend just a moment on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our Power the Future plan is fundamental to the principle of energy self-sufficiency. Key components of our focus on self-sufficiency include investing in two combined cycle gas fired units at Port Washington, north of Milwaukee; the construction of two supercritical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, which is south of the city; and building a significant amount of renewable generation.  As we’ve discussed on our previous calls, both units at Port Washington are in service. Construction was completed on time and on budget. The units are among the most efficient in the Midwest market that are operating well, and our customers are now benefiting from the low price of natural gas that fuels these units.  Let’s turn now to the status of the two new coal fired units at Oak Creek: I’m delighted to report that Unit 1 has passed all of its performance tests and was declared commercial today at a minute after midnight. The critical performance measures included an efficiency test, various emission tests, a capacity test, and a 15-day reliability run.  I’d like to mention to you that the results of these tests are of particular note. The efficiency tests or what we call the heat rate test, measures the efficiency at which the unit converts fuel into electricity. The more efficient the unit, the less coal we have to burn, and therefore the lower the cost for each unit of electricity produced.  For Unit 1 of the Oak Creek expansion, the demonstrated heat rate is 5% better than the guarantee, and places this unit among the best four or five coal fired plants in the country in terms of efficiency.  With regard to emissions, we have been even more impressed by the plant’s initial performance. The recorded emission levels for each of the 15 pollutants measured at the stack were significantly lower than the levels allowed by our air permit. In many cases such as sulfur dioxide, particulate matter, and mercury, the levels were actually a fraction of that allowed.  The guaranteed capacity as you know of each unit is 615 megawatts net. This means that the unit must be capable of delivering 615 megawatts into the transmission network. Well, during the testing, the output was measured at 622 megawatts, and we believe the unit can actually deliver significantly more than 622 megawatts, based on the extra margin available in both the boiler and the steam turbine generator.  Of course time flies when you’re having fun, but we first announced our Power the Future plan ten years ago, to break Wisconsin’s dependence on expensive out of state energy, and to ensure a reliable supply of electricity to our customers in the decade ahead. With today’s announcement, we have take in a huge step towards completing the Power the Future plan.  As you know, the new coal units at Oak Creek have been particularly challenging. Four of the project’s five major permits faced legal challenges, all of which have now been resolved. We had to battle two of the worst winters in history, including the ‘07, ‘08 winter, which saw the highest recorded snowfall in Milwaukee in 100 years, but with the focus and determination of Bechtel, and thousands of skilled craft workers, we were able to complete this first unit at Oak Creek within 120 hours of the revised guaranteed in-service date.  As for Unit 2, I’m pleased to report that Bechtel continues to make good progress. Unit 2 is now approximately 87% complete, and Bechtel has started turning over the major systems from its construction group to its start-up team. The boiler and feed water systems have been successfully pressure tested in Unit 2, and the unit’s piping is now being chemically cleaned to prepare for first fire on gas. That’s the next major milestone, first fire on gas, and it’s scheduled for mid April.  The turbine generator has been installed at Unit 2. It’s been aligned and enclosed, and the turbine bearing oil is currently being flushed in preparation for the turbine to be placed on the turning gear. Although the new guaranteed in-service date is November 28 for Unit 2, Bechtel is still targeting commercial operation by the end of August.  Now as we reported to you in December, we have settled all claims with Bechtel that were raised in the arbitration proceeding. Through its claims, Bechtel was seeking additional construction costs of $517 million, and schedule relief of seven months and four months for the completion of Units 1 and 2 respectively.  Our settlement includes the following elements: We agreed to pay Bechtel $72 million, including a $10 million payment that was made in December, and $62 million to be paid in six additional installments tied to the achievement of specific project milestones. As one of three co-owners, we are responsible for approximately 85% of the $72 million. Bechtel received 120 days of scheduled relief for Unit 1, and 60 days of scheduled relief of Unit 2. This extended the guaranteed turnover date for Unit 1 to January 27 of this year, and for Unit 2 till November 28, again of this year.  Finally, Bechtel released us from all matters related to their claims in the arbitration, and in return we’ve released Bechtel from all matters related to our claims in the arbitration. As we move forward, we will continue to update you on the progress of Unit 2, as well as recovery of any costs that might be above the approved amount.  Turning now to other important developments over the last few months; a bill containing an extensive set of policy recommendations, designed to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases was introduced in the Wisconsin legislature. The bill would establish statewide goals for carbon dioxide reductions, increase the requirements for generating electricity from renewable sources, and establish new efficiency targets across the state.  First, the bill would strengthen Wisconsin’s existing renewable portfolio standard, by moving up the deadline for the 10% mandate from the year 2015 to 2013; and the bill would also set new goals of 20% renewable by 2020 and 25% by 2025. Next, the bill would set a state-wide goal to achieve a 2% reduction in energy usage by the year 2015 and annual reductions thereafter. The bill would also authorize the Wisconsin Commission to allow an investor owned utility to earn a return on capital that would be invested in energy conservation or efficiency equipment that would be installed on a customer’s premise.  Finally, the bill proposes a number of changes to the regulation of nuclear power plants. One of those proposals would allow the Wisconsin Commission to approve a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to build a new nuclear plant.  The next steps include a series of public hearings that are set to take place between now and late February. We expect some form of the bill would then be considered by both houses of the Wisconsin legislature. Of course our renewable investment plans were designed to meet the standards that are currently in place in Wisconsin. These standards call for an increase in the amount of electricity we supply with renewable sources from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level.  The standard sets targets, as you may recall for each of the utilities using an historical baseline. Using that baseline, approximately 8.25% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewables in the year 2015. With the completion of our Blue Sky Greenfield Wind Farm in 2008, we took a major step toward meeting Wisconsin’s goals to reduce its carbon footprint. With a total of 88 turbines, each with a capacity of 1.65 megawatts, Blue Sky Greenfield is the largest wind farm to date in Wisconsin. It was completed under budget and ahead of schedule.  Then in 2008, we purchased a new wind farm development site that’s approximately 45 miles northeast of Madison. The site was purchased from FPL Energy as part of our sale of the Point Beach Nuclear Plant. This site, which we call the Glacier Hills Wind Park, is an ideal location for our newest wind farm. Last week the Wisconsin Commission approved our request for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity to build up to 90 wind turbines capable of producing between 135 and 207 megawatts, depending of course on the turbines we select.  As part of the authorization, the Commission changed certain of the criteria, which could impact our ability to cite a few of the proposed turbines. The precise number of turbines therefore at Glacier Hills will be determined in the coming months, as we incorporate the commission’s citing requirements into the project design, but we’re pleased to be moving forward on what will certainly be a sizable new wind farm to help us meet the renewable mandate in Wisconsin.  The first full year of operation for Glacier Hills is projected to be 2012. Our current estimate for capital costs for Glacier Hills ranges from $335 million to $414 million, again depending upon which turbines are selected. Our range of estimates does not include any AFUDC or reimbursable transmission costs.  Last fall, we also announced our plans to build a 50 megawatt biomass fuel power plant at a paper mill site in northern Wisconsin. The paper mill is owned and operated by Domtar Corporation. The purchase of wood, waste wood, and saw dust will be managed by Domtar. We’re fortunate to be close to significant forest lands that can be harvested, and are being harvested in a sustainable manner. These forests have large amounts of wood waste that can be purchased to fuel the plant.  Diversification of our renewable energy supply is one of our important goals. As compared to wind, the clear benefit from an operational standpoint is that we will be able to dispatch the biomass unit. Our gross investment in this biomass project is expected to be approximately $250 million, with a targeted in-service date in late 2013. With the potential investment tax credit of 30%, our net investment would be approximately $175 million. Our current plan is to file for construction authority with the Wisconsin Commission by the end of the first quarter of this year.  Finally, we’re also considering approximately 12.5 megawatts of solar projects, with a targeted in-service date of 2013 for the initial investment. Of course, all of these projects are subject to commission review and approval.  Construction is also underway on a major upgrade of the air quality controls for the existing coal fired units at Oak Creek. We plan to invest approximately $960 million. This is the second largest construction project in our company’s history, and that $960 million estimate includes allowance for funds used during construction, for the installation of a Wet Flue Gas Desulfurization, and selective catalytic reduction facilities. Expect these controls to be completed in the year 2012.  Turning now to rate case developments; as I’m sure you’re aware, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission in December authorized adjustments to electric, natural gas, and steam rates for Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas. The Commission approved an increase of approximately $85.8 million or about 3.35% in retail electric rates for Wisconsin Electric.  The Commission also approved a decrease of approximately $2 million or about a third of a percent for natural gas service for Wisconsin Electric, an increase of approximately $5.7 million or seven-tenth of a percent for natural gas service for Wisconsin Gas customers, and a decrease of about $400,000 or about 1.6% for Wisconsin Electric’s downtown Milwaukee steam utility, and a decrease of approximately $100,000 or a little less than 0.5% for our Milwaukee County steam operations. All of these rate adjustments were effective January 1, 2010.  In addition, the Commission lowered the return on equity for Wisconsin Electric from 10.75% to 10.4% and for Wisconsin Gas from 10.75% to 10.5%. The capital structure of the utilities remains unchanged. The authorized common equity range for Wisconsin Electric is 48.5% to 53.5%, and for Wisconsin Gas, the equity range is 45% to 50%.  In Michigan, on December 16 the Public Service Commission there approved our modified self-implementation plan, to raise electric rates in the state of Michigan by approximately $12 million or 9.5%, effective with the commercial operation of Unit 1 at the Oak Creek expansion. This rate increase is subject to refund with interest, depending upon the Michigan Commission’s final decision on the company’s $42 million annual rate request. We expect the Commission to issue its final order in July of this year.  Last, but certainly not the least, in January our Board of Directors approved an increase in the annual dividend from $1.35 to $1.60 a share. Our dividend policy continues to target a pay out ratio of 40% to 45% of earnings for this year and for 2011, and starting in 2012, we’ll be targeting a 45% to 50% payout ratio. The first quarterly dividend for this year will be payable on March 1 at a rate of $0.40 a share.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Allen, who will give you more details on our financial performance for 2009. Allen.
Allen Leverett: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our 2009 year end earnings from continuing operations were $3.20 a share. I will focus on operating income by segment, and then I’ll touch on other income statement items. I’ll also discuss cash flows for the year, and cover our earnings guidance for 2010.  Now, our consolidated operating income in 2009 was $664 million as compared to $659 million in 2008, or a slight increase of $5 million. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $554 million, a decrease of $27 million versus 2008.  As Gale mentioned earlier, our utility operations were hurt by lower sales of electricity. Our Management team worked hard to mitigate the decline in sales with strong cost control measures. Our operating income was approximately $66 million lower, because of a decline in retail electricity sales associated with the economy. In addition, we estimate that weather reduced our operating income by $30 million, primarily driven by the cooler summer.  Depreciation expense was $12 million higher in our utility segment. Partially offsetting these unfavorable factors were favorable fuel recoveries of $19 million, reductions in our O&M costs totaling $38 million, and pricing increases totaling $17 million. The O&M reductions came across all areas of our company. We lowered staffing levels, and we reduced other controllable areas of spending. The net of these items, plus another $7 million in favorable variances brings us to the $27 million reduction in utility operating income.  Operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which primarily includes We Power, was up $31 million. The key drivers of this increase were a full year’s earnings contribution from Unit 2 at Port Washington, which was placed into service in May of 2008, and earnings from the water in-take system at Oak Creek, which was placed into service in January 2009.  Corporate and other affiliates had an operating loss of $10 million in 2009, compared to an operating loss of $11 million in 2008. In the future, we project to have only slight operating losses in this area, as we will have minimal business operations in this segment. Taking the changes for each of these segments brings you back to the $5 million increase in operating income for 2009. During 2009, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company increased by almost $7 million. Our total earnings from American Transmission Company were $59 million in 2009. Other income increased by $11 million primarily because of increased AFUDC and large utility construction projects, including the air quality control systems at our existing Oak Creek Plants. Net interest expense increased almost $3 million. Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $1 million because of higher pretax earnings partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate for 2009 was 36.6% compared to 37.7% in 2008. This decline was primarily a result of a greater level of wind and production tax credits. I expect that our effective tax rate in 2010 will be between 35% and 36%. Combining all of these items brings you to $377 million of net income from continuing operations for 2009 or earnings of $3.20 per share. During 2009, we generated $629 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is down $108 million from the same period in 2008. Now as we discussed on prior conference calls, during 2009, we contributed $289 million to our benefit trust, which is approximately $241 million greater than 2008. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $821 million. The adjusted number includes the $192 million of cash impacts from the Point Beach bill credits. Now under GAAP, the cash from the bill credits is reflected as a change in restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity, but from a management standpoint, we consider this as a source of cash as it directly relates to the bill credits. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $818 million in 2009 about $550.1 million of this was dedicated to our utility business and $251 million was for the generating units being constructed as part of our Power the Future plan. This year, our total capital budget is approximately $950 million, $815 million of this is in our utility operations and about $135 million is for our Power the Future program. Of the $815 million in utility spending, nearly $100 million is for renewables and $300 million is for environmental related upgrades at our Power Plants. We also paid $158 million in common dividends in 2009 and we expect to pay $187 million in 2010. On a GAAP basis, our debt-to-capital ratio was 58.1% as of December 31 and we were at 55.2% on an adjusted basis. These ratios are slightly better than our December 31, 2008 levels. The adjusted amount treats half of our $500 million in hybrid securities as common equity, which is the approach used by the majority of the rating agencies. Our goal is to maintain our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio at no more than 60% during the period we’re constructing our new coal fired generation. We were using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options, and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Given the contribution that we made to our pension trust in 2009 and the trust returns of 15% in 2009, our pension plan was nearly fully funded at year end. So we do not plan on making a contribution to the pension trust this year. Going forward, we are assuming long term asset returns of 7.25%. I expect that our pension expense will be about $47 million this year as compared to $21 million in 2009. However, the increased pension expense was considered when our rates were set. Now, as shown in the earnings package we posted on our website this morning, our actual 2009 retail sales of electricity declined 8.1% as compared to sales in 2008. On a weather normalized basis, 2009 retail electric sales declined 7.1%. This is somewhat better than the 8.5% weather normalized decline we had forecast back in October of last year. Looking to 2010, we are forecasting essentially flat sales of electricity versus normalized 2009 levels. Underlying this flat overall sales outlook is a slight up tick in large commercial and industrial sales and some additional decline in sales to small commercial customers. We expect sales to residential customers to be flat on a weather normalized basis, and I’d add that the commercial and industrial sales outlook is consistent with the one included for purposes of rate making in our Wisconsin retail rate case last year. In December of last year, Wisconsin Electric issued $250 million of unsecured notes. The notes have a 4.25% coupon rate and a 10 year maturity. Looking to this year, we expect to complete the permanent debt financings for the two new units at Oak Creek. We also expect to reissue the $147 million of tax exempt bonds at the Wisconsin Electric level that we repurchased last year pending more favorable tax exempt rates. Also, we may do a Wisconsin Electric debt offering late this year. On a consolidated basis, we have approximately $1.6 billion of available undrawn credit facilities that expire in March and April of 2011. Now we anticipate renewing and resizing our credit facilities later this year. Our earnings guidance range remains the same as what we provided to you in December. We expect our earnings in 2010 to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.75 per share. Underlying this range was the assumption that the first unit at Oak Creek would go into service in mid-January and that the second unit would be placed into service at the end of August. The schedule for unit one slipped by a couple of weeks, but we’re still comfortable with our guidance range of $3.65 to $3.75 per share. Just for reference, we estimate that a one month move in the in service date for unit two would change earnings by about $0.02 per share. The earnings contribution from our utility segment, which includes Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas, was $2.53 per share in 2009. Average rate base for the combined utilities was about $5.3 billion in 2009, and we essentially earned our allowed rate of return on equity of 10.75% in 2009.  Now looking to this year, combined rate base is expected to grow to $5.8 billion. However, we believe that our earned rate of return on equity will be about 10% in 2010. This would reduce the earnings contribution of the utility segment to $2.51 per share in 2010. Three key items are expected to drive the roughly 40 basis point differential between the 10.4% allowed return on equity and the projected 10% earned return on equity. The first is electric fuel recovery. We currently estimate we’ll under recover our fuel cost by between $10 million and $15 million this year. Next is the timing of rate recovery in Michigan. We did receive an interim increase there that we are implementing in conjunction with the commercial operation of unit one at Oak Creek. However, we do not expect our full request to be acted on until the middle of this year. Finally, although the Wisconsin Commission accepted our electric sales forecast for the commercial and industrial classes, they did not reflect our residential forecast when they set rates. On weather normalized basis, our outlook for residential sales in 2010 is flat. The Commission assumed that residential sales would grow by 1.6%. Of course, actual costs and sales will impact our return, but at this point our best estimate is about a 10% earned return on equity for the utilities segment in 2010. We expect the earnings contribution from our investment in the American Transmission Company to grow from $0.30 per share in 2009 to $0.32 per share this year. Moving to We Power, which includes the units at Port Washington as well as units in Oak Creek we expect the earnings contribution from We Power to increase from $0.42 per share in 2009 to $1.04 per share this year. Note that in order to be consistent with a basis for presentation we’ve used in the past, this includes an allocation of holding company interest to We Power and does not include any impact of capitalized interest. Finally, moving to the holding company, we expect that the earnings reduction from unallocated holding company debt will increase from $0.05 to $0.17 per share. This is being driven by the fact that as the units at Oak Creek go into service, we will not be able to capitalize as much interest in 2010 as we did in 2009. So to review, starting from the $3.20 per share that we earned in 2009, utility earnings were expected to decline $0.02 per share, which is offset by $0.02 per share increase at ATC. We expect We Power to add $0.62 per share and holding company interest to reduce earnings $0.12 per share. Adding these changes together brings you from the actual base of earnings of $3.20 per share in 2009 to $3.70 of share, which is the midpoint of our guidance range for this year. I would also like to provide some input on our expectations for earnings in the first quarter. The earnings contribution from We Power is expected to be higher now that Unit 1 at Oak Creek is in service. However, our utility earnings will be impacted by weather and fuel recoveries. In the first quarter of 2009, we had cold weather as well as $28 million in favorable electric fuel recoveries. Weather in the first quarter is uncertain, but we project that the swing in fuel recoveries alone will result in $0.15 to $0.17 per share reduction in earnings in the first quarter of 2010 as compared to the first quarter of 2009. As a result, we would expect first quarter 2010 earnings to be below first quarter 2009 earnings. However, our annual earnings guidance range for 2010 is $3.65 to $3.75 per share, which represents a significant amount of growth as compared to our $3.20 per share result in 2009. So with that, I’ll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Allen, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. I think we’re now waiting for the operator to move into the question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities: I didn’t hear, when you mention about the ‘11 outlook. I was wondering if you still endorse the $4 number that’s out there.
Gale Klappa: I think we’ve said over the last few months that conceptually our aspiration would be roughly $4 a share in earnings for 2011, and right now we don’t see anything that would change that aspiration.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities: Any update on potential legislation to get rid of this pesky fuel over or under recovery that plagued us every quarter?
Gale Klappa: In fact a bill is in the legislature right now. The bill passed unanimously in an assembly committee, the relevant assembly committee that has jurisdiction over this type of thing, passed just really within the last two weeks. The bill is now awaiting a floor vote in the assembly. I think the only question we would have is whether or not the legislature, given its calendar, whether the Senate would have time to act on the bill. So it’s moving. It’s moving at a Glacier pace, but there’s an appropriate change now being considered by the legislature.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities: You can just review what the bill would do?
Gale Klappa: Essentially, what the bill would be to set a fuel baseline, each utility in the State of Wisconsin would project its fuel costs for the upcoming year, and it would file that projection with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission in the fall of the prior year. So let’s say for example, if the bill were in effect now, this coming fall we would file our expected fuel cost for the year 2011. The Commission would then set a fuel rate, the Commission would have a mini hearing, would set a fuel rate beginning January 1 of 2011, which would obviously significantly reduce the lag if we were under recovering and would also reduce any over recovery and would make it much, much more streamlined for there to eliminate these wild swings of fuel under and over recovery.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leslie Rich - Columbia Management.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: On the Glacier Hills project, could you refresh my memory and tell me what the procedural schedule is at this point now that you have the Certificate of Public Convenience?
Gale Klappa: Actually, there’s no more procedural schedule left at the Commission. That was the key vote and we’re now moving toward basically to begin fieldwork.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So then the timing, do you have to get sitting done?
Gale Klappa: No. It’s all done. We have all of the arrangements we need and we have the final approval from the Wisconsin Commission. Rick.
Rick Kuester: Yes, the only thing we need to do is work out based on some guidelines the Commission gave us we need to work out the final turbine sitting and we would expect to do that in the next couple of months, a little bit of work to do with landowners there, but we’ve got all of our permits and we’re ready to go in the field and we do foundations this year, and erection next year and the first full year of commercial operation would be 2012.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: So when do you think you’ll nail down what the scope of the project is in terms of size and CapEx?
Rick Kuester: We said up to 90 turbines, my guess is we’ll be between 80 and 90 at the end of the day, and we will nail that down, I would think, by mid March.
Allen Leverett: Leslie, this is Allen. What we’ve assumed sort of in our base financial plan is about a $367 million investment. So roughly in the middle of the range that Gale talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: In the rate case filing, you had to disclose I think what your planned CapEx for WEPCO and Wisconsin Gas would be for 2011 as well, if I remember correctly. Can you refresh our memories in terms of what you filed in that case kind of the level of CapEx expected at those two subs in that year?
Gale Klappa: We are going back through our luminous pages that we have in here to give you a more precise number.
Allen Leverett: I guess if you talk about it for the regulated business in total, so I think you’re interested in 2011, Michael. I would say for the regulated business in total, it’s about $1 billion.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Outside of the regulated business besides maintenance CapEx on Oak Creek, what do you expect to have left in Port Washington?
Allen Leverett: There’s only about I would say in the range of $10 million to $15 million in what I would call Power the Future. So essentially all of the spending that we would be looking at in 2011 is at the regulated entities and it’s about $1 billion.
Gale Klappa: Michael, what’s driving that number is 2011 will be our peak year of spending. This year and next will be our peak year of spending on those major air quality upgrades that we talked about at the existing Oak Creek units and remember that’s a $960 million-ish project. It’s a very large project.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: How much of that have you done today or as of the end of 2009?
Gale Klappa: Rick and I were just looking at those numbers, the total project, including engineering, procurement, and construction, Rick, roughly 25%?
Rick Kuester: I’d say about 20% construction completed right now, probably construction complete around 60% by the end of this year.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: O&M, how recurring or how sustainable do you view the O&M cost savings, which you’ve realized during this year?
Gale Klappa: Let me frame the answer, and then Allen can give you some precise numbers, but the honest answer is some of the cost savings we achieved in 2009 will never come back because they’re permanent productivity gains. However, having said that, we are going to see an increase in operation and maintenance expenses in 2010 compared to 2009 because we have a very different company this year. With this morning with the commercial operation of the first expansion unit at Oak Creek, we’re going to be purchasing ammonia. We’re going to be purchasing limestone. We have staffing of 180 full time people to operate the unit. So we have significant cost increases coming from the operation of the new investments. Allen.
Allen Leverett: Just to maybe put numbers around that, Michael. I mean if you look at those in our generation business and you look at the increase in O&M, that’s about a $50 million increase in O&M and that was reflected in the Wisconsin case and we also have about a $38 million projected increase in benefit cost, and that was also reflected in Wisconsin rate making. So that’s being driven by earning below the actuarially assumed rates of return in past years, so back in 2008 and then lowering the expected return on assets going forward. So as Gale mentioned, there were a couple of new items that are increasing O&M, but that was built into rates in Wisconsin and we’re seeking to build all that into rates in Michigan as we go through that process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Appicelli - Morgan Stanley.
Bill Appicelli - Morgan Stanley: Just quickly on the legislation you are discussing earlier about the potential changes to the RPS in Wisconsin, how do you view that and how does that impact your ability to invest in renewables over the next three to five years?
Gale Klappa: In terms of the next three to five years, I don’t see a lot of change from the legislation, and the reason I don’t is obviously we are putting in place in our pipeline our plan to get to the current 2015 standard. The big change would be going from 10% renewables in 2015 to 25% renewables by 2025. That’s a very sizable leap, if you will, and would require significant additional investment in several types of renewables, plus probably some purchase power agreements with wind developers. So if anything, the center piece of the legislation, which is a strong goal of this governor’s which is 25/25 would it in essence enhance our investment opportunity post 20/15.
Bill Appicelli - Morgan Stanley: Where do things stand in terms of the legislative process with this right now?
Gale Klappa: As I mentioned to you, this is a large, fairly complicated bill. It was just introduced a month or so ago. The first hearing in the first committee was held last Thursday, and there will have to be hearings in both houses of the legislature. The first hearing, as I said, was just held last Thursday. I’m not sure if the second hearing date has actually been established yet. They were hoping to get hearings done by the end of February.
Operator: Your next question comes from Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  A couple of clarification questions, Allen, you mentioned CapEx for 2011 is $1 billion. I think you said 2010 is $815 million. Can you give us 2012 CapEx?
Allen Leverett: In terms of 2010, remember the total would be about $951 million and so roughly $815 million of that would be in the regulated business and the rest would be Power the Future and if you look to 2011, about $1 billion in the regulated business, another $15 million outside for about $1.015 billion, and I think your question then goes to 2012. I would say that the regulated business expenditures probably in the neighborhood of $800 million, depending on what happens with some of these renewable projects down the road, and something in the neighborhood of $25 million outside, so call it around $830 million in 2012 in total.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Yes, it does and these gross CapEx numbers, do those include your portion of ATC CapEx or not?
Allen Leverett: No, so to the extent that we would make and of course any capital contributions, that would be equity that we would invest in ATC, they’re able to raise debt at their own level. So I would imagine that we would make some small capital contributions to ATC, but their cash flow is so strong at their level and their ability to raise debt given the combination of strong internal cash flow and their ability to raise debt, I really see very little going in terms of incremental capital contributions to ATC over the next couple years.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: What is your expected pro rata portion of ATC rate base in 2010?
Allen Leverett: Well, we own about a quarter of the company. I think we own precisely 26.2% of the company. I believe that their capital budget this year is around $400 million. So they have a little bit of appreciation, but in effect that would be like a $100 million worth of rate base growth, but they have a little bit of depreciation right now.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: What is the overall rate base of ATC right now?
Allen Leverett: I would say it’s probably in the neighborhood of $2.2 billion.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: So you own about 26% or so of that roughly speaking?
Allen Leverett: That’s right. 
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Then you mentioned some rate base figures earlier. Could you repeat those and also could you break them down between utilities, whether it’s WEPCO or Wisconsin Gas?
Allen Leverett: Yes, let me just go back and review those. I talked about the average in 2009, and so that’s about $5.3 billion and that breaks down raise it’s about $750 million at Wisconsin Gas, and the balance would be at Wisconsin Electric, so about $4.6 at Wisconsin Electric and about $750 million at Wisconsin Gas. So that’s your ‘09 average, and then if you look to 2010, you recall I said the total was $5.8 billion. I would see about$800 million of that being at Wisconsin Gas or thereabouts and then the rest or $5 billion being at Wisconsin Electric.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Reza. One of the things that Allen is pointing to as he went through the capital spending numbers over the course of the next few years, and I’m not sure everyone has recognized, is the significant additional investment that we’ll be making both in the air quality controls at the existing Oak Creek units and in the renewable projects we need to meet the state mandate and that will give us a very significant additional leg of growth post the Power the Future plan, and I just wanted to remind everyone of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities:  Just wanted to flush out the comment on 1.5% customer growth could you just give us a little bit of insight on where you’re seeing growth and how that’s breaking out by customer class?
Gale Klappa: Nathan, I hope we didn’t mislead you. We really were not talking about 1.5% customer growth. What we were really talking about is if you look at actual electric sales to retail customers in 2009 and then you say, well weather normalized, what we expect for 2010, it’s really 1% to 1.5% growth. In terms of customer growth, we grew about three tense of 1% in the number of customers we’re serving during 2009, and actually while that sounds like very small growth and it is, compared to what we’ve historically seen, which has been about 1% to 1.25% customer growth as you know many utilities actually had their customer base shrink in 2009 and I think the fact that our customer base continued to grow, albeit slowly, is another significant sign of the relative strength of the Wisconsin economy. The economy here has been hurt like every other state, but unemployment is better than the national average. Certainly housing delinquencies have held up better than the national average. Delinquency rates are better than the national average, and we’re continuing to see some modest customer growth and a lot of that customer growth came from residential very little industrial growth obviously during the recession, small bit of commercial growth, but of the 0.3% of growth in the number of customers, most of that came from the residential side.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: So to clarify then, you were specifically speaking about usage of 1.5% growths and…?
Gale Klappa: 1% to 1.5%.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: If you were to break that down, some clarity on where that’s coming from?
Allen Leverett: Nathan, on page 12 of the earnings release package.
Gale Klappa: We’ve got it all broken down for you, but if you don’t have that in front of you, forecast 2010 versus actual 2009 and again that’s, just to be completely clear, forecast 2010 sales versus actual ‘09, we would see about a 4% growth in residential, actually a small decline about 2.4% in small commercial and industrial, a 2.1% increase in large commercial and industrial, and then overall retail about 1.2%.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: As a separate question, when you look across the Midwest and perhaps more of the windy areas of the country, were they are removed, but in your area…?
Gale Klappa: Nathan, are you including Washington D.C?
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: There’s discussion of difficult times for renewable energy providers, and I guess I’m going to ask the question, would you be interested acquiring any assets instead of building?
Gale Klappa: The honest answer is we never say, never and if there was a renewable opportunity that fit into our portfolio and was deliverable in terms of the actual energy supply into the State of Wisconsin, we would certainly look at that, no question about that, but we’re not counting on that.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Is the environment more susceptible or more advantageous for you to do such a thing, or is it just steady state and that’s really not an option?
Gale Klappa: There’s no near term option that we’re aware of at the moment that we haven’t looked at and found some flaw with. So I would say at the moment steady state, but we’re always on the lookout for an appropriate opportunity.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Then just finally, clearly the EPA is talking about a lot of various proposed rules this year and over the next several years. Just generally, do you have a view on what’s going to happen at the EPA and what’s coming out? Also is there any additional current resisting generation that you have that potentially could be at risk that may need to be replaced?
Gale Klappa: In terms of my view of the EPA and what they might be doing next, I was in a session about three our four weeks ago, both Rick Kuester and I were in a session three or four weeks ago with Lisa Jackson, who is the current Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and right now, one of her main areas of focus obviously is getting proposed regulations out the door which would follow on the EPA’s decision to determine that CO2 is a harmful pollutant. Now these would take the form of proposed regulations. They would be open for comment, and I think she and everyone else believes that these proposed regulations once they would go through the comment period and become effective are headed for a very long court challenge. I don’t think there’s any question about that. So on the regulatory front I think we will see some action. The real key is what would, EPA determine is the best available control technology for a fossil fueled plant that obviously emits CO2, since there is no widely acceptable or commercially widely available technology for CO2 capture today and she seems very cognizant of that problem and that issue. So it will be very interesting to see how the regulations unfold, but regardless of how they unfold, I think the industry and the EPA and other industries are in for a very long court fight.
Rick Kuester: One other thing I might just add is we’re in pretty good shape. We proactively approached EPA back in 2002 and signed a consent decree and we’ve been installing air quality control equipment on our units, Pleasant Prairie, now South Oak Creek, we retired old units in Port Washington and put gas fired units. So I would say overall as far as our fleet for non-CO2, for example SO2 or NOx, we are in pretty good shape. I think we’re somewhat ahead of the curve.
Gale Klappa: Rick is making a very good point. If you look at 2010, which would be the end of our major Power the Future construction and the units that we have in place and operating this year, and you dial the clock back to the early 2000s, we will have reduced the traditional pollutants, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, mercury. We will have reduced those pollutants by more than 65% on our system. So we are in very good shape in terms of the traditional pollutants, and I think that would mean certainly for the foreseeable future we don’t have any significant units at risk.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I have a couple questions. First related to the Oak Creek unit and the testing you did there and so forth. Given that, where do you expect that plant to fall in the dispatch curve of the region? Will it be like top decile, top quartile, how should we think about that?
Gale Klappa: I’m not sure we’ve measured exactly whether it’s top decile or top quartile, but even with the downturn in the economy and lower energy usage across the Midwest, certainly this unit will dispatch way more than 50% of the time even in the early going. So it really will be one of the more efficient contributors in MISO and that means, as you know, Dan, that it will be displacing less cost effective energy and in many cases energy that brings with it more pollution than this unit, which is going to be one of the cleanest coal fired power plants anywhere in the world.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Related to that, have you projected or do you expect anymore wholesale or sale for resale in 2010 given the new plants that you have?
Rick Kuester: We have some internal objectives to basically add to our wholesale power business, both on a shorter term and longer term basis. So I think there will be some opportunity to add to our wholesale power customer base, if you will, and we’re actively pursuing that.
Allen Leverett: Our fuel case submitted last year, the Commission has opportunity sales and reflecting additional energy available out of those units. So we’re looking at basically deals that we can sign for a little bit longer term if the market is there, but obviously there are opportunities for sales in MISO that are baked into the forecast.
Gale Klappa: Dan, to that point, it’s not just Oak Creek. Our new units at Port Washington, those combined cycle gas units we have there are about as efficient, I don’t think there’s a more efficient combined cycle gas unit in the Midwest.
Rick Kuester: It’s among the most.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I was wondering if you could give a little more color on your sales forecast, why you think that the small commercial industrial will continue to decline whereas the large is expected to pick up, are you seeing anything in particular there that’s driving that forecast?
Allen Leverett: Dan, this is Allen. Let me just sort of briefly talk about residential, commercial, and industrial. We talked about a flat outlook for residential. So flat is in weather normalized terms. So you weather normalize 2009 and then you look at 2010 forecast, so the key driver that we see for residential is Wisconsin housing stock and we’re assuming that there will be essentially no growth in Wisconsin housing stock in 2010 as compared to 2009. So that’s what’s really driving the flat weather normalized outlook for residential. If you look at commercial, really what we see as being the key forecast driver for commercial sales is the level of employment, absolute level of employment, and we really believe that employment in 2010 is going to be even below 2009 levels. We think employment is going to decline about another 1.5%. So that’s what’s driving our forecast for commercial and then finally on industrial, we believe there’s going to be about a 2% increase in the U.S. industrial production output index and so that’s what’s driving our roughly 2% increase in sales to large commercial and industrial.  
Gale Klappa: Dan, that includes the furlough time that the governor is expecting you to take.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yes, I’m well aware of that. Finally, I was kind of curious on the 3.3% rate increase for the electric, is that in addition to the bill credits running off from the nuclear plant sales, so will the actual increase be larger? How does that work out?
Gale Klappa: The calculation of the bill credits is completely separate from that number. So basically if you take the actual rates that were in effect in ‘09 and add 3.5%, that is what we were saying the calculation is. Then obviously, the remaining bill credits are then applied to the customer’s bill from there.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: How much of those bill credits still are left to distribute?
Alan Leverett: I would say about $190 million is left.
Gale Klappa: Somewhere between $180 million, and $190 million.
Alan Leverett: Those are essentially all Wisconsin jurisdictional. There was about $2 million worth of credits that we gave in Michigan in January. The FERC is done, and then the FERC jurisdiction all is done and all the rest go to Wisconsin customers.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So then that will pretty much run out at the end of 2010, will it be completed?
Gale Klappa: Assuming that energy sales come in at about our forecast, then all of the bill credits would run out, yes, at the end of 2010.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So how does that original, what was it, 17% increase get implemented then? Is there an increase still set to be put in place related to that or how does that work?
Gale Klappa: Again, it can be somewhat confusing, but if you look at the actual rate that’s in place, the full amount that you’re talking about is now baked into the rates. The customer will feel some more of that increase as the bill credits roll down.
Alan Leverett: There’s not an additional regulatory action that has to occur.
Gale Klappa: Exactly.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So the customer impact will probably be higher than the 3.3%, because the bill credits will be less this year? Is that what you’re saying?
Gale Klappa: You’re exactly right, and we would call that the bill impact as opposed to the actual rate calculation, but the bill impact will be greater than the 335, but again, that’s because of the slightly smaller Point Beach bill credits this year that then fully roll off by the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: I had this question keyed up to say you hadn’t talked about Point Beach, in a while, but here you talked about it with Jay and just the question before me, but separate question on it. I know FPL is planning an up rate outage, which will be a bit longer than a normal refueling outage. I was wondering if you could remind us, how that will impact you from a cost perspective, thinking about it in the context of a fuel and purchase power recovery as it stands now and then what it may change under the legislation?
Gale Klappa: The short answer is, under our contract with FPL, they have the right to replace that energy, if they wish to go out in the wholesale market and buy it. Given the wholesale prices in the MISO market, that’s exactly what FPL did this year. If you look at where wholesale prices are in the MISO market, they may well do that again, but I would say this, our anticipation of what may occur is already baked into our forecast.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: You’ve baked in they just recently delayed that from ‘10 to ‘11. So that’s sort of reflective and I guess it really doesn’t impact you so long as you assume they replace that power?
Gale Klappa: That is correct. Or that we could go out and replace it at what we project the rates to be, either way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities: You talked about your attracted capital opportunities. How do you think about financing those with your dividend aspirations?
Gale Klappa: Well, our financing plan is designed essentially to be able to move forward with the capital expenditures and the capital projects that we’ve described to you and with the dividend payout ratio that we’ve also described to you. So we worked very hard to put the pieces of the puzzle together to make this work in a way that we would have a very minimal net increase in debt compared to total capital and no need to issue any additional equity. Alan.
Alan Leverett: No, I wouldn’t add anything. That’s a very good qualitative description of what we’re trying to carry out.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Securities: What should we look at rate kind of base trajectory until 2015 to look like?
Alan Leverett: Well, I mean we’re looking at, when we talked about earlier in the questions, we talked about $800 million worth of regulated CapEx this year, and we talked about $1 billion in 2011. I believe depreciation is about $300 million at the utilities. So that would be $600 million of depreciation over two years, $1.8 billion of capital. So that would be another $1.2 billion of rate base on top of the $5.8 billion that we’ve got today. So I mean that sort of gives you a general feel over the next two years, but the spending, Paul, obviously very, very heavy the next two years.
Operator: Your final question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: How do you think about your sensitivity to every percentage change in demand?
Gale Klappa: Alan has a precise answer for you, Michael.
Alan Leverett: Michael, it might be useful, if you have the earnings package, turn to page 12. So what we’re saying, our 2010 forecast level of sales versus 2009 normalized, you see we’re saying about a minus 0.4%. So let’s just assume to take your hypothetical if instead of minus 0.4% let’s say we grow six-tenths of %, so a full percentage point better than our forecast. Just assume that just goes equally across the classes, a one third. So we would be looking at about a $16 million improvement in pre-tax margins for that 1% move. Now Michael, half of that would come from residential, because that’s higher margin obviously, and then about $6 million would be from commercial and then $2 million from industrial, so that gives you the $16 million pre-tax margin. Does that help?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Last thing, when you look around at your neighbors and look around just in the state and what is likely to be environmental policy coming out of Uncle Sam, who knows when, two, three, five years not really for carbon, but for SOX and mercury, how much of an impact for the state do you expect to see in terms of coal plant retirements?
Gale Klappa: The Wisconsin Commission has a docket opened right now, where each of the utilities is supposed to submit data on potential future requirements of fossil fuel plants. I can’t really speak for Alliance, but I can speak or WPS, but I can speak for us, and Rick actually alluded to this point earlier. We are very far ahead of the curve on the traditional pollutants, given the modern advanced emission controls that we’re putting in place. Remember we just did a huge upgrade that we completed a couple of years ago at our Pleasant Prairie plant, which is a very large coal fire powered plant that came online in 1984, and that now has all of the moderate emission controls. The existing Oak Creek units will have all of the modern emission controls online by 2012, by the end of 2012. Obviously the new Oak Creek units are in great shape. So from our standpoint of our base load coal fleets, we’re in very good shape.
Rick Kuester: I might add we’ve retired coal units over the last few years associated with Power the Future. We’ve just retired two units at Prescott at the end of last year. That brings us to five units up there where we used to have nine units. We retired five units at Port Washington 70 year old coal plant. So again I think we’re a little ahead of the curve in that we retired some of our older units and controlled units where it makes sense to control them.
Gale Klappa: I don’t see us having really any significant risk in the next five years.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: When you look at power prices and forward curves in your region, does it make sense for someone who hasn’t already contracted to scrub a plant to actually do so now?
Gale Klappa: It depends so much on the heat rate. It depends so much on the condition of the plant, the coal source of the plant, and where that plant sits in terms of its contribution to VAR support and voltage support. The other thing I was mentioning to someone just this morning. It’s easy to sit and think about, well, here is an older plant let’s retire it, but you have to think about what functions does that plant provide on the network. For example, we have an older plant, which we call the Valley Plant, which is just south of downtown Milwaukee. Well, that’s an older plant, it burns coal, but, it provides steam to virtually every downtown Milwaukee building. Retiring that would be a real problem. It provides significant voltage support for the downtown Milwaukee demand pocket. So it really is a case-by-case analysis, and as we’ve done our case-by-case analysis, we feel quite good.
Gale Klappa: I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Ladies and gentlemen, I’ll thank you again for participating. If you have any additional questions, your favorite Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office and her direct line is 414-221-2592. Thank you again.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Gale Klappa – President & CEO Allen Leverett – CFO Rick Kuester - President & CEO of We Generation Steve Dickson - Controller 
Analysts:  Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board  Leslie Rich – Columbia Management  James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities  Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs  Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley  Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets  Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital  Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates  
Presentation: 
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's conference call to review our third quarter 2009 results. (Operator Instructions) Before the conference call begins I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made.  In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, reference to earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers.  In conjunction with this call Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its' 2009 third quarter results at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on our conference call to review the company's third quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of We Generation; Allen Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, our venerable General Counsel; Jeff West, Treasurer; and Steve Dickson, Controller.  Allen of course will review our financial results in detail in just a moment but as you saw from our news release this morning we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.50 for the third quarter of 2009. This compares with $0.64 a share for the same period in 2008.  Now I’d like to spend just a moment on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our power of the future plan is fundamental to the principal of energy self-sufficiency. Key components of our focus on self efficiency include investing in two combined cycle gas-fired unit at Port Washington, north of Milwaukee, the construction of two super critical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, which is south of the city, and building a significant amount of renewable generation.  Let’s turn now quickly to the status of the two new coal fired units at Oak Creek, unit one and the common facilities are now more then 96% complete and I’m pleased to report that a number of major milestones have been achieved in the past three months.  You may recall that on July 23, the main unit one boiler was fired successfully for the first time using natural gas. Since then our contractor Bechtel completed the steam blows, that’s the process necessary to clean the thousands of feet of piping in the unit. Bechtel then connected the boiler to the steam turbine and on October 1 we rolled the turbine up to its full operating speed. On October 3 Bechtel successfully fired the unit on coal for the first time. The unit was synchronized to the grid on October 6 and generated its first power for export on October 7.  During the past two weeks Bechtel has been tuning and testing the unit up to 150 megawatts or about 25% of full capacity. Now Bechtel is preparing to increase the load to over 300 megawatts and that milestone is expected to occur in the next few days.  Looking forward Bechtel will continue to increase the unit load up to its full design capacity of 615 megawatts. The schedule then calls for performance testing during the month of December. These tests will demonstrate the unit’s ability to meet the guaranteed efficiency rate, capacity, and reliability metrics as well as compliance with various environmental standards.  As for unit two, I’m pleased to report that progress during the past three months has been significant. Unit two at Oak Creek is now approximately 74% complete. This represents an advancement of nearly 20 percentage points since my last report to you at the end of July.  The unit two boiler has also successfully passed its first pressure test and Bechtel’s near-term goals for unit two are to complete the remaining piping and exhaust gas path on through the air quality control equipment.  As the work continues Bechtel is targeting commercial operation of unit one by the end of December this year and unit two by the end of August, 2010. Bechtel is slightly behind these target dates but they continue to optimize their work schedule and believe that the target dates are still achievable.  Of course as we get closer to commercial operation, each day of the schedule becomes more critical. Now as you know Bechtel filed a formal claim last December seeking relief under the construction contract. Bechtel cited a number of factors including weather conditions in the winters of 2006 and 2007, heavy rains in the spring of 2008 and what Bechtel believes to be changes in local labor conditions.  The claim for the schedule and cost relief related to these factors totaled $413 million. Bechtel also stated its belief that the weather events constitute a force majeure. Now as I’ve mentioned on our previous calls, we simply don’t believe there is a contractual basis for some of the claims that Bechtel submitted.  For example, we disagree that Bechtel is entitled to cost or schedule relief as a result of alleged changes in the labor market. Further we do not believe that Bechtel complied with the contractual requirements for filing the claims and we disagree with a number of Bechtel’s factual assertions.  Bechtel also filed a $72 million claim for the alleged effects of changes and delays prior to the issuance of the full notice to proceed back in July of 2005. We believe this claim is without merit and that Bechtel was fully compensated for any and all impacts of the delayed start.  Finally Bechtel has asked for six months of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2009 guaranteed date for unit one and three months of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2010 guaranteed date for unit two.  We have as you know been unable to resolve our differences with Bechtel in non-binding mediation. So as reported to you last quarter we initiated binding arbitration which is the final stage of the dispute resolution process called for under the contract.  These three-member arbitration panel is now in place and the parties are engaged in discovery. The arbitration is likely to be concluded in 2010 or early 2011. As we assess these developments I believe there are several key points to keep in mind.  First we are still recovering carrying costs associated with the construction of these units. Under the terms of the lease agreements between Wisconsin Electric and WE Power we are recovering based on a mix of debt and equity our capital carrying costs as construction continues on the Oak Creek projects. We are allowed to recover our carrying costs up to the total budget for the project that has been approved by the Wisconsin Commission so we believe our ability to recover cash carrying costs should be largely unaffected by a slight change in the construction schedule.  I would also like to reiterate an important point about the ultimate recovery of any potential cost increases. We believe we have several layers of protection for recovery of our costs. So to conclude that an additional cost is not ultimately recoverable, you would have to believe that the costs will not qualify for recovery under several opportunities.  First that any remaining contingency on the project is not sufficient to offset the cost. Second that the cost would fall outside the 5% ban that the Commission had deemed reasonable for prudent costs above the approved amount for the project.  And then even if the cost is above the 5% ban, that the cost was not caused by a force majeure event as defined in the lease agreements. And one more important point, liquidated damage payments will be due from Bechtel on unit one unless its determined that any days granted to Bechtel for schedule relief are equal to or exceed the delay in the schedule.  Of course as we move forward we’ll provide you with updates on any major developments through our SEC filings and on our scheduled earnings calls. Now turning to renewables, the State of Wisconsin as you have heard has a renewable portfolio standard in place that increases from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level.  The standard sets targets for each of the utilities using an historical baseline. Using that baseline approximately 8.27% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in the year 2015. Meeting the aggressive 2015 target will likely require a mix of additional projects and short-term purchase power agreements.  Of course with the completion of our Blue Sky Green Field Wind Farm last year, we took a major step forward toward meeting Wisconsin’s goal to reduce its carbon footprint. With a total of 88 turbines, each with a capacity of 1.65 megawatts, Blue Sky Green Field is the largest wind farm to date in the State of Wisconsin. It was completed under budget and ahead of schedule.  Last summer we also completed the purchase from FPL Energy of a new wind farm development site in East Central Wisconsin. This site is called the Glacier Hills Wind Park. In October of last year we filed for approval to build on the site and our application was deemed complete in January of this year. That started a 360-day review process by the Public Service Commission.  In May we also announced a conditional agreement with Vestas Wind Systems at an attractive price for wind turbines capable of producing approximately 162 megawatts. Last month the Wisconsin Commission issued the final environmental impact statement for the project. Technical hearings are now set to be held next week, November 2, in Madison and public hearings are set for November 4. A final decision by the Commission of our request for a certificate of public convenience and necessity should be made in January, 2010. Assuming Commission approval the first full year of operation for Glacier Hills is projected to be 2012. Then in September we also announced our plans to build a biomass-fueled power plant at a paper mill site in Northern Wisconsin. The paper mill is owned and operated by Domtar Corporation. Wood, wood waste and sawdust will be used to produce 50 megawatts of electricity. We’re fortunate to be close to significant forestlands that could be harvested in a sustainable manner.  These forests have large amounts of wood waste that we can purchase to fuel the plant. And as compared to wind, the clear benefit from an operational standpoint is that we will be able to dispatch the biomass unit. Our gross investment in this project is projected to be approximately $250 million with a targeted in-service date of 2013. We’re also considering a second project with similar size and timing. As you may know the tax law provides through 2013 an investment tax credit of 30%. That would bring the net investment we would make for each plant to about $175 million.  We also plan to invest approximately $85 million to $90 million in 12.5 megawatts of solar with a target in-service date for the initial solar project of 2013. Of course the proposed biomass and solar projects are subject to Public Service Commission review and approval.  And as you know construction is also underway on a major upgrade of the air quality controls at the existing coal-fired units at Oak Creek. We expect the cost of this facility will be $960 million including allowance for funds used during construction for the installation of wet flue gas to sulfurization and selective catalytic reduction facilities. These controls are scheduled to be completed in 2012. Now I’d like to cover the status of our various rate filings, the Wisconsin review of our electric, gas, and steam rates is nearing the deliberation phase for the Public Service Commission. At the time of our last conference call our electric rate request stood at $126 million. However during the staff audit, the projection of our fuel costs for next year dropped by approximately $30 million.  We agree with these new fuel estimates and this reduced our updated request in July to approximately $96 million or an overall 3.7% increase as compared to the rates that were in effect at the beginning of this year.  The Commission staff is now estimating a 2010 revenue deficiency for our electric company of $62 million, again using that same lower fuel forecast. Then for our Wisconsin Electric gas utility, the staff is recommending a $1.2 million increase or about a quarter of percent and for our Wisconsin Gas gas utility, the staff position calls for a $10.1 million increase or about one and a quarter percent.  The staff also recommended a range for the return on equity of 10% to 10.75% and used 10.75% to determine the revenue requirement for all the utilities. The staff further recommended a financial common equity range for Wisconsin Electric that was unchanged, a range of 48.5% to 53.5% with a test year average of 51%.  For Wisconsin Gas the Commission staff recommended that the financial common equity range remain again unchanged at 45% to 50% with a 47.5% used for determining the revenue requirement. In September and October public and technical hearings took place on these cases. Briefings were completed actually this week.  The next step in the process is Commission deliberations and an oral decision which will be followed by a final written order. We continue to expect a decision and a written order this year with new rates to be effective January 1, 2010. Turning now to our Michigan case, in July we filed a request to increase electric rates in Michigan by approximately $42 million. This request was driven primarily by the need to recover our investment and our operating costs associated with the new Oak Creek units.  We’re proposing to implement this request in three phases. The first phase is for approximately $22 million and primarily reflects the commercial operation of the first Oak Creek unit. This increase is expected to occur in conjunction with the commercial operation of unit one.  The second phase would occur when the Michigan Commission issues its decision for the 2010 test year, which is I expect it to be in July of 2010. Assuming our request is approved, this amounts to an additional $16 million. Finally if our request is approved when the second Oak Creek unit enters commercial service, the final amount, approximately $4 million would become effective.  In Michigan of course, any amounts that we would self-implement are subject to refund with interest. Our filing which was submitted on July 3 was deemed complete on August 3. Under Michigan law the Commission must then issue a final order within one year of a complete filing or the requested rates go into effect. This morning a limited hearing took place to discuss our implementation plan.  And finally, I’d like to briefly review a development that we announced literally just a few hours ago. Wisconsin Energy has reached a definitive agreement to sell Edison Sault Electric Company, one of our regulated utility subsidiaries, to Cloverland Electric Cooperative of Dafter, Michigan for approximately $61.5 million.  Under the agreement the ownership share of American Transmission Company currently held by Edison Sault, will be retained by Wisconsin Energy. The purchase price of $61.5 million represents a premium of about $2 million as compared to the adjusted net book value of Edison Sault’s assets excluding the ATC ownership share.  Then to assure a continuing reliable source of energy for Edison Sault’s customers, the existing wholesale power arrangement between Wisconsin Electric and Edison Sault will be extended by another 12 years to the year 2030.  I believe this agreement is a positive step forward for the customers of Edison Sault as well as our stockholders. The service areas of Cloverland and Edison Sault are contiguous. Both organizations know each other well and work together in fact on a daily basis.  As a result they’ll be able to gain efficiencies that will benefit customers across this region of Northern Michigan. Edison Sault by the way has not requested a base rate increase in almost 25 years. Without this transaction Edison Sault would have needed to request higher retail rates in the not too distant future.  The combination of these two utility operations should allow these increases to be mitigated. The sale of course is subject to approval by Cloverland’s membership and is subject to normal regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Assuming timely reviews the transaction could be completed by midyear 2010.  And now I’ll turn the call over to Allen who is fresh from a personal appearance in Lansing for more details on our financial performance for the third quarter. 
Allen Leverett : Thank you Gale, as Gale mentioned earlier our third quarter 2009 earnings from continuing operations were $0.50 per share. Now I will focus on operating income by segment, and then I’ll touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the first nine months, and discuss our earnings guidance for the remainder of the year.  Our consolidated operating income was $105 million as compared to $138 million in the third quarter of 2008 for a decrease of $33 million. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $75 million which is $37 million lower then the third quarter of 2008. The most significant factors reducing our utility operating income were an unseasonably cool summer which reduced electric margins by approximately $22 million. In addition we estimate that the economic slowdown lowered electric margins by $14 million and the timing of fuel recoveries reduced electric margins by $19 million.  On the positive side our utility O&M was $11 million lower, other pricing items contributed $4 million, and all other items totaled a net $3 million. When we net all other factors together we come to utility operating income that was $37 million lower then the third quarter of 2008. Our non-utility operating income was up $4 million. The key driver of this increase related to a full quarter’s earnings from the water intake system at Oak Creek that was placed into service in January of this year. Corporate and other affiliates had an operating loss of $3 million in 2009 as well as in 2008. Taking the changes for each of these segments together, brings you back to the $33 million decrease in operating income for this quarter. During the third quarter of 2009 earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company increased almost $1 million and all other income increased slightly because of higher AFUDC and interest income.  Interest expense decreased $1 million. Consolidated income tax expense declined by approximately $12 million primarily because of lower pre-tax earnings. I expect that our annual effective tax rate in 2009 will be in the range of 35% to 37%.  Combining all of these items brings you to $59 million of net income from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2009 or earnings of $0.50 per share. During the first nine months of 2009 we generated $437 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is down from the $643 million generated during the same period in 2008. While our net income and depreciation expenses were up, our cash flows from operations were down primarily because of the $289 million contribution to our benefit plans in January of 2009 which was discussed in prior conference calls.  On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $587 million as compared to $924 million in the first nine months of 2008. The adjusted number includes $150 million of cash impact from the bill credits in 2009 and $281 million in bill credits and refunds in 2008.  Under GAAP the cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change in restricted cash which GAAP defines as an investing activity. From a management standpoint we consider this a source of cash as it directly relates to customer bill credits refunds and the one-time amortization of costs in 2008. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $556 million in the first nine months of 2009 which is down from $889 million in the first nine months of 2008. On an annual basis we expect our capital expenditures to be $250 million to $275 million lower then 2008 capital expenditures as we move closer to the completion of our power of the future construction program. On a GAAP basis our debt to capital ratio was 58.1% as of September 30, 2009 and we were at 55.1% on an adjusted basis. This is essentially flat compared to our December 31, 2008 levels even when considering the $289 million contribution to our benefit plans in January of this year.  I would expect our debt to capital ratio to increase slightly by the end of this year as compared to last year. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401-K plan, options, and other programs. Going forward we do not expect to issue any additional shares.  And in the third quarter we continued to see the economic recession impact our electric sales. However, we have seen some stabilization of the decline in the third quarter. Our service territory has a well-diversified industrial and commercial mix that helps mitigate the impact of most economic downturns.  However in this economy we continue to see large impacts in four sectors; iron ore mining, paper production, primary metals, as well as the automotive parts sector. As we look at our large commercial and industrial group, we see a 13.6% decline in third quarter sales compared to the third quarter of 2008.  However this decline is smaller then what we saw in the first and second quarters. In addition when we look at large commercial and industrial sales on a quarter over quarter basis we clearly see some positive news.  In 2009 we saw a 12.9% increase in third quarter sales over the second quarter. In 2008 the comparable data for the third quarter showed an increase of only 2.2%. So while our sales are still down significantly from historical levels, we do see some strong evidence of stabilization in our service area. During our first and second quarter calls we provided guidance on our annual 2009 electric sales forecast. I would like to comment on where we see our annual sales in light of the third quarter results.  On a weather-normalized basis, our third quarter sales came in slightly better then forecast. Retail sales came in about 6.4% less then the third quarter of 2008. We had expected a 7.7% decline. We also saw a slight improvement in our third quarter electric sales to our large commercial and industrial classes, excluding our largest customer the iron ore mines.  While these results are promising they are not so significant to adjust our annual sales forecast. We are maintaining our prior outlook for electric sales that called for an 8.5% decline in kilowatt-hour sales in 2009 as compared to 2008. In light of our actual results through nine months, we are keeping our earnings guidance for 2009 in the range of $3.05 to $3.15 per share. As we look back over the first nine months we are coming in within our targeted range.  While the economy turned out worse then we originally forecast, and we were hurt by the cool summer, we were helped by a strong first quarter heating season and our fuel recoveries are better than budget.  We have also implemented strong cost containment measures during the year including a hiring freeze and a reprioritization of work projects. If you take our actual year to date earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.24 and look at our annual guidance you will come up with a fourth quarter earnings range of $0.81 to $0.91 per share which compares with actual 2008 fourth quarter earnings of $0.85 per share.  So with that I will turn things back over to Gale. 
Gale Klappa : Allen, thank you very much. Overall we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board 
Gale Klappa : Good afternoon Dan. Dan you know its Halloween coming up and I heard this rumor that they already had an arrest warrant made out in your name on [Mithlin] Street, so you know, kind of good luck with that. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : No, I’m leaving town so they can’t pin that on me. 
Gale Klappa : Probably a good move Dan. How can we help you today. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : Just a few things, first I was curious, I missed a couple of the numbers when you were going through the effect of the various changes like the cool summer and the various cost savings and so forth. I was wondering if you could give me the breakdown again. 
Gale Klappa : That’s never happened to you before Dan but we’ll be happy to go over the numbers. 
Allen Leverett : Yes and Dan, on page eight of the earnings package if you could refer to that. Retail sales as it relate to weather, that was a negative effect 2008 versus 2009, so that was $22 million. Fuel recoveries was a negative swing of $19 million and then our estimate of the economic, the change in the economy, our estimate of that effect on retail sales was a $14 million swing, again negative. The other single largest item that was actually going the other way positive item, related to O&M reductions, so that was $11 million. So really the big three negative factors were weather, economy, fuel recoveries and again that fuel recovery is more of a timing within the year but a difference nonetheless.  And then finally O&M reductions were an $11 million positive swing. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : Okay on the O&M part of that, how sustainable are those savings going forward or are they more, how much of, just deferral type items. 
Gale Klappa : There’s a combination, obviously we have taken as Allen mentioned earlier, we’ve taken very seriously the downturn and reprioritized a number of the work projects. Some of those work projects will have to be done eventually, there’s no question about that.  But I would say this, a large percentage of the O&M savings that we’ve achieved this year has really come from headcount reduction. In fact if you just look at the end of the third quarter a year ago and compare that with the end of the third quarter this year, our full time equivalent headcount is down 2.4% and we’ve really reduced our headcount by gosh, almost 1,000 people in total over the last five years.  So we continue to get productivity gains. We continue to get O&M savings. Some of the deferral of maintenance work though will have to be at some point addressed later down the road. And the other thing that Rick is pointing out to me and he’s absolutely right, the decline in wholesale power market prices has allowed us to do things like not work overtime at the plants if we have a scheduled outage.  So some of the savings that we’ve I think intelligently reaped here in O&M have been taking advantage of lower market prices in [inaudible].
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : And I was wondering if you could update us on the amortization of the gains on the Point Beach, is that, is next year the final year of that and is it, you kind of look at the long-term and short-term restricted cash, is that kind of the extent of what that amortization will be going forward. 
Gale Klappa : Let me first mention to you our proposal that is in our current rate case before the Wisconsin Commission would have all the remaining Point Beach credits delivered to customers during 2010. The current situation if the Commission does not adopt our proposal would be that the bulk of the credits would be delivered in 2010 with the remainder in 2011. My guess is the Commission will agree with us, that all the remaining credits should be delivered in 2010.
Allen Leverett : And from a cash standpoint, restricted cash if you will that will yet to go back to customers, roughly $240 million worth of credits or restricted cash if you will, that we would expect to go back to customers and as Gale mentioned, some of that will be in the fourth quarter of this year obviously as we continue to give credits and we would expect the remainder of those credits at least if the Commission in Wisconsin follows our proposal to go back in 2010. Now all of the FERC credits are done. We provided all of those last year. There’s about $2.16 million worth of credits that are remaining in Michigan that I would expect will go back in 2010.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : And speaking in the rate case, given items that you’ve agreed with the staff on and like fuel and so forth, how far apart are you and the staff now going into the end of this case. 
Gale Klappa : Well basically the staff is at about $62 million in terms of their recommendation to the Commission. Our ask is at $96 million, so about a $30 million difference. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board : And what’s the primary reason for that. 
Gale Klappa : Well there are a couple of things, one is clearly on O&M. The other is on, in terms of O&M spending how much does the Commission think we should be increasing our O&M spending next year compared to what we have proposed. That’s the biggee. There’s another one and that relates to the settlement that we reached, oh gosh, a year ago with the environmental groups over the water intake permit at Oak Creek. As you may recall we agreed with the environmental groups that we would fund some Lake Michigan water quality improvement projects if you will. Such as working on reduction of invasive species in the lake, in return for the environmental groups’ dropping all litigation against the water intake permit. That agreement would call for spending $4 million a year only if the Commission so approves.  The staff has recommended zero so there is a $4 million annual issue as well right there. But the big two or three would be on how much additional O&M should be spent particularly on network projects and plant operations and maintenance and then another one would be the $4 million a year related to this environmental settlement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich – Columbia Management 
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management : I wondered if you could review again the liquidated damages portion of the Bechtel claim and how that likely plays out. You went through that sort of quickly. Like the liquidated damage payments would be due on unit one under what set of circumstances and on unit two under what set of circumstances. 
Gale Klappa : We’ll be happy to do that and if I miss a detail, Rick Kuester will add in his thoughts as well. Essentially the, as you know we signed a fixed price turnkey guaranteed contract with Bechtel. And in that contract Bechtel guaranteed that they would deliver both unit one and unit two to us by a given date. The date for unit one that was guaranteed in the contract is September 29, 2009. Under the contract if they don’t make September 29, 2009, which they’ve obviously not done, they would owe us $250,000 a day in liquidated damages unless there was schedule relief granted to them for any number of very specific reasons.  So essentially unless there is schedule relief granted at the end of this entire process, then Bechtel would owe $250,000 a day. Now as you know they’ve made a case for relief because of severe weather. Frankly we think there is some merit, they clearly were up against for example almost 100 inches of snow two winters ago and I think both Rick and I and all of our experts agree that there may be some schedule relief and therefore relief from some specific number of days of liquidated damages due to them, but all of that will get worked out during the arbitration process.
Rick Kuester: Just to remind you what Gale had mentioned earlier is that Bechtel has asked for six months of relief so that would put them at the end of the first quarter of next year for unit one and three months’ relief which would put them at the end of the year next for unit two. And those final determination of what is granted will be part of what is being arbitrated right now. 
Leslie Rich – Columbia Management : I see so that cash won’t actually exchange hands if any, until the whole issue is resolved. 
Gale Klappa : That is our current belief. That is correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities 
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities :  Allen question for you, tax rate, you indicated it was 35% to 37% for full year 2009. When I look back at my notes that was a hard 37% in the second quarter. Can you help me understand what’s moving that around in the balance for second half of this year.  
Allen Leverett : Why don’t I ask Steve Dickson our Controller to give you little more light on that. 
Steve Dickson: As you know the effective tax rate takes into consideration the permanent differences and as pre-tax income may change, that may change the effective rate. There’s nothing significant. We’ve got many tax years that are outstanding and some items may settle, but it’s a lot of small items and we just thought 35% to 37% made more sense then a hard number. 
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities : Would you expect that to pop back, because when I look back historically you’ve been closer to 37%, would you expect 2010 is more like a 37% year because it is sort of like a $0.10 benefit or so if we take you all the way to 35%. 
Steve Dickson:  Keep in mind though, one of the things that’s impacting our ETR right now and will continue to impact the effective tax rate are the production tax credits associated with the wind projects. Now what happens under regulation effectively we’re given those credits back so on a net impact I wouldn’t expect an impact on the company but if you just look at the ETR the ETR would be slightly less then maybe what you’ve seen historically. 
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities : On O&M I was wondering going back to Dan’s question if you couldn’t put a couple of numbers around that and that’s really to say what were the O&M cuts you would be able to quantify that comes from hiring freeze and your activities to manage costs for the first nine months of the year and then if you can, obviously not maybe a dollar number but a percentage of those that would be sustainable and those that might not and I’m understanding that the majority of them are sustainable. 
Gale Klappa : Just to frame it for you a little bit, our O&M for the third quarter of 2009 was 5% below Q3 of 2008 and for the year to date, for the first nine months of 2009, we’ve reduced O&M by 7.5% compared to the comparable nine months in 2008. Those are very significant numbers. Much of that as I mentioned to you is coming from basically headcount savings because we have materially, we have frozen our hiring except for absolute critical positions and we’re at a point where I have to personally approve any headcount addition.  So we have been very firm about controlling and reducing our O&M and gaining some productivity. But as we look forward, we have, 2010 is a very different year from an O&M standpoint then 2009 because we’ll be bringing on two new major coal-fired units. We’re going to have $20 million or more ammonia costs to operate the scrubbers at Oak Creek that we do not experience today. 
Rick Kuester: We’re adding scrubbers. We’ve added them at Pleasant Prairie, we’re adding them at South Oak Creek and we’ve obviously, will have them at [Bergs], the Oak Creek expansion.
Gale Klappa : So 2010 will look a good bit different simply because we’re bringing in major addition of capacity and comes with that several hundred well paid, highly trained technicians and operators to operate the new Oak Creek units and then you have basically the commodities like ammonia that you have to have to operate, another catalyst that you have to have to operate the air quality control equipment.  And we’re also starting to hire people now, we will in our plan for later next year, to operate the air quality controls that will be coming in on the existing Oak Creek units. So we have to make considerable adjustments in 2010. Having said that I do think we will continue to be very, very judicious about headcount additions other than the people that we absolutely need to operate the units and the new air quality controls. I hope that’s helpful to some degree. Its just not an apples to apples comparison going forward.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities : No, that’s fair. And then last question on the Edison Sault sale, I assume since that’s right at book after-tax proceeds will be right about $61.5 million. 
Steve Dickson: There is a book tax basis difference so after-tax proceeds on a cash basis probably closer I would say $45 to $50 million. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs : If I take the midpoint between what you’ve requested and the [Webco] and Wisconsin gas rate cases, and where staff or intervener testimony is right now, can you earn your ROE in 2010 with a number like that and then furthermore if you’re not getting a second increase in 2011 can you earn your ROE just at the core utility, not at PTF in 2011.
Gale Klappa : Instinctively I would say no, because of the normal disallowances that any Commission will apply. For example any bonuses, the cost of any stock options, would always be disallowed in most every rate case anywhere in the country and that would certainly apply here.  So I would think it would be if indeed our sales forecast is correct, I think it would be somewhat difficult to get right on top of the allowed rates of return at the utilities themselves. 
Allen Leverett : That’s exactly right. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs : Do you know, and does that become, assuming a slight uptick in 2011 from 2010 demand, does that problem exacerbate in 2011 due to lag. 
Gale Klappa : No, I don’t think so.
Allen Leverett : I wouldn’t say so. I would hope that we would start seeing an improvement in the top line in electric sales in 2011 and as you always try to do, continue to improve your cost position, so I would hate, hope to be in a better position all things being equal on our ability to earn our allowed return in 2011 as compared to 2010.
Gale Klappa : I absolutely agree with that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley : Just had question as to what you are assuming for the sales outlook for next year given that you’ve kind of seen the stabilization in the sales this past quarter. Do you expect to see more deterioration or more of a flattish outlook. 
Allen Leverett : Its really the latter being a flattish outlook and I’ve really have that view very consistently. We’re looking at what we believe is a flat outlook for electric sales in 2010 as compared to 2009. 
Gale Klappa : Weather-normalized. 
Allen Leverett : So still flattish. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley : And then on the Michigan rate case the three steps that you outlined for us, does that reflect self-implementation as well or would those numbers move around if you chose to self implement. 
Gale Klappa : The three phases, phase one would be basically a self implementation in conjunction with the commercial operation of unit one at Oak Creek and then phase two, again because of the way the new Michigan rules work, the Michigan Commission has a full year to decide appropriate test year expenses and make a decision on the rate case.  So the way we have chosen to propose a phasing in of our request would be self-implementation for the first phase which is about as I recall $22 million in conjunction with operation of unit one at Oak Creek. And then in approximately July of 2010 we would think the Commission would decide on phase two as well as then the phase three which would be about $4 million when the second unit at Oak Creek would come into service in the second half of 2010. So only one phase of the three would clearly be self-implementation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets : What was the absolute fuel recovery in the quarter as opposed to just the quarter over quarter. 
Steve Dickson: In the third quarter typically its where we under recover because the incremental cost of fuel is higher. So in the third quarter of this year we had about $22 million of under recovery compared to last year it was about $3 million. So that’s where you get the $19 million variance third quarter year over year. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets : And what’s your forecast now for full year fuel recovery. 
Gale Klappa :  Positive over recovery of $15 to $20 million. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets : Over recovery.
Steve Dickson: Yes, positive recovery position. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets : And Gale, do you like the night before calls think about what you’re going to say to Dan.  
Allen Leverett : No actually, I can attest, he makes it up on the call. 
Gale Klappa : I think Dan practices his response over night though. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital 
Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital : Actually the questions have been asked but I didn’t hear the answer, just can you just real quickly on the over and under recovery of the fuel for the third quarter and for the fourth quarter and what the expectations are and what it was.  
Gale Klappa : You remind me of [Karnack], you devine the answer without knowing the question. We’ll ask Steve to go over that again very quickly. 
Steve Dickson: Third quarter this year under recovered by about $22 million, third quarter last year we under recovered by about $3, so its $19 million. As we look at the fourth quarter it will probably be about $5 million worse as compared to last year if we’re looking at the fourth quarter standalone. 
Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital : So total under recovery for the two quarters is about $27 million or so. 
Gale Klappa :  And remember what really happened, 2009 second and third quarters, well actually third quarter was the mirror image reverse of last year. We had just come off of getting a fuel cost recovery increase in July of 2008 and we have just reduced fuel rates and those reduced rates were in effect for the third quarter of 2009.
Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital : You reduced them like March 31 or something like that. 
Gale Klappa: So its just kind of a reverse in the timing of fuel recovery swung the numbers. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates : I’m afraid I got on just a little bit late and I did hear the comments about how the, that you thought the economy was stabilizing there, I was just wondering if you and I apologize if you’ve already gone over this but what do you see for 2010 when you speak to your customers, your larger customers, what your expectations are for 2010.
Gale Klappa : We’ll be happy to answer that, I think the fundamental bottom line is when we talk to customers and we do every day they are very cautious about the outlook for 2010 and that has led us to basically assume a flat compared to 2009 weather normalized sales year. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Gale Klappa : That does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions Colleen Henderson is ready and willing in our Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thank you again, bye.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Gale E. Klappa - CEO Allen L. Leverett - CFO
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator:  Good afternoon. Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's conference call to review our second quarter 2009 results. (Operator Instructions) Before the conference call begins I will read the forward-looking language: All statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussion, reference to earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted.  After the presentation the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers.  In conjunction with this call Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its' 2009 second quarter results at www.WisconsinEnergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. And now I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our conference call to review the company's second quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of We Generation, Allen Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Fleming, our General Counsel, Jeff West, the company's Treasurer, and Steve Dickson, our Controller.  Allen will of course review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $0.54 a share for the second quarter of 2009. This compares with $0.49 a share for the same period in 2008.  Now I'd like to spend just a moment on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our power of the future plan is fundamental to the principle of energy self-sufficiency. Key components of our focus on self-sufficiency include investing in two combined cycle gas-fired units at Port Washington, north of Milwaukee, the construction of two supercritical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, which is south of the city, and building a significant amount of renewable generation. As we've discussed on previous calls, both units at Port Washington are in service. Construction was completed on time and on budget. The units are among the most efficient in the Midwest market and our customers are now benefiting from the low price of natural gas that fuels these units. Let's turn now to the status of the two new coal-fired units at Oak Creek. Based on Bechtel's revised schedule, Unit 1 and the common facilities are now more than 97% complete and Unit 2 is approximately 62% complete. I'm pleased to report that we reached a major milestone at Oak Creek on July 23 when the main Unit 1 boiler was fired successfully for the first time using natural gas. This milestone, of course, can only be accomplished after the essential plant systems are built and the instrumentation and controls are in place.  Looking forward at Oak Creek, the critical activities from now to the commercial operation of Unit 1 include blowing steam through the boiler tubes and piping to clean them of all scale and construction debris. These steam blows are scheduled to begin as early as today. After the steam blows are complete the unit will be fired on coal and the generator will be synchronized to the grid. Bechtel will then tune and test the plant up to full load before beginning a series of required performance tests. The performance tests include a 15-day reliability run. Bechtel continues to target the commercial operation of Unit 1 by the end of December this year. The first fire milestone occurred approximately five and a half weeks later than Bechtel's target schedule; however, Bechtel has developed a plan that if successful would recover that time by making up one week of the schedule between now and first fire on coal and then making up the remainder of the time during fine-tuning and testing. Bechtel also continues to target commercial operation of Unit 2 by the end of August 2010. Now, as you know, Bechtel filed a formal claim last December seeking relief under the contract. Bechtel cited a number of factors, including weather conditions in the winters of 2006 and 2007, heavy rains in the spring of 2008, and what Bechtel believes to be changes in local labor conditions. The claims for schedule and cost relief related to these factors total $413 million.  Bechtel also stated its belief that the weather events constitute a force majeure.  Now, we simply don't believe there is a contractual basis for some of the claims that Bechtel has submitted. For example, we disagree that Bechtel is entitled to cost or schedule relief as a result of alleged changes in the labor market. Further, we do not believe that Bechtel has complied with the contractual requirements for filing the claims. Bechtel also filed a $72 million claim for the alleged affects of changes and delays prior to the issuance of the full notice to proceed back in July of 2005. We believe this claim is without merit and that Bechtel was fully compensated for any and all impacts of the delayed start. Finally, Bechtel has asked for six months' of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2009 guaranteed date for Unit 1 and three months' of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2010 guaranteed date for Unit 2.  As we've mentioned to you in the past, we expect the claims to be resolved through the contract's formal dispute resolution process. We were unable to resolve our differences with Bechtel in non-binding mediation, so we recently initiated binding arbitration, which is the final stage of the dispute process. The arbitration is likely to be completed some time in 2010. As we assess these developments, I believe there are several key points to keep in mind. First, we are still recovering carrying costs associated with the construction of these units under the terms of the lease agreements between Wisconsin Electric and We Power. We are recovering, based on a mix of debt and equity, our capital carrying costs as construction continues on the Oak Creek project. We're allowed to recover our carrying costs up to the total budget for the project that has been approved by the Wisconsin Commission, so we believe our ability to recover cash carry costs should be largely unaffected by a slight change in the construction schedule. I would also like to reiterate an important point about the ultimate recovery of any potential cost increases. We believe we have several layers of protection for recovery of our costs.  To conclude, for example, that an additional cost is not ultimately recoverable you would have to believe that the cost will not qualify for recovery under at least four opportunities - first, that any remaining contingency in the project is not sufficient to offset the cost; second, that the cost would fall outside the 5% ban that the Commission has deemed reasonable for prudent costs above the approved amount for the project; third, that the cost was not caused by a force majeure event as defined by the lease agreements; and finally, after an opportunity to demonstrate prudency, that the cost would be ultimately deemed imprudent. One more important point before we move on. Liquidated damage payments will be due from Bechtel on Unit 1 unless it is determined that any days granted for schedule relief are equal to or exceed the delay in the schedule. Of course, as we move forward we'll provide you with updates on any major developments to our SEC filings and on our scheduled calls.  Now turning to renewables, the State of Wisconsin has a renewable portfolio standard that increases from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each of Wisconsin's utilities using an historical baseline. Using that baseline, approximately 8.5% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in the year 2015. Meeting that aggressive 2015 target will require a mix of additional projects and short-term purchased power agreements. Of course, with the completion of our Blue Sky Green Field Wind Farm last year, we took a major step toward meeting Wisconsin's goal to reduce its carbon footprint. With a total of 88 turbines, each with the capacity of 1.65 megawatts, Blue Sky Green Field is the largest wind farm to date in Wisconsin. It was completed under budget and ahead of schedule. Last summer as you might recall we also completed the purchase from FPL Energy of a new wind farm development site in East Central Wisconsin. This site is called the Glacier Hills Wind Park. In October of 2008 we filed for approval to build on the site and our application was deemed complete in January of this year. That started a 360-day review process by the Wisconsin Public Service Commission.  In May we also announced a conditional agreement with Vestas Wind Systems for turbines capable of producing approximately 162 megawatts at an attractive price. Then just a few days ago the Wisconsin Commission issued a draft environmental impact statement for the project. Public hearings are now expected to be held in late October or early November of this year, and a final decision by the Commission on our request for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity should be made in January of 2010. Assuming Commission approval, the first full year of operation for Glacier Hills is expected to be 2012. We're also developing proposals to build between 50 and 100 megawatts of new biomass generation. We're fortunate to be close to significant forest lands that can be harvested in a sustainable manner and are producing large amounts of wood waste which we can purchase to fuel these plants. As compared to wind, the benefit from an operational standpoint of biomass generation is that we can dispatch these plants. We're now in the final stage of completing our feasibility review and I expect we will make an announcement regarding our biomass plans in the very near future.  Construction is also under way on a major upgrade of the air quality controls at the existing coal-fired units at Oak Creek. We expect the cost of this new environmental facility will be $960 million. That includes allowance for funds used during construction for the installation of wet flue gas to sulphurisation and selective catalytic reduction facilities. These controls are scheduled to be completed in 2012. Turning now to the rate reviews that we have under way, on March 13 we filed a general rate case on our normal cycle for our Wisconsin Energy and Wisconsin Gas utilities. The filing included a request for a $76 million or 2.8% increase to support electric operations, a $39 million or 4.6% increase for Wisconsin Gas operations, a $22 million or 3.6% increase for Wisconsin Energy gas operations, and a $2.7 million increase for our two steam utilities. Since we filed the case in March our forecasted electric sales for the 2010 test year have declined. To reflect this updated data we filed supplemental testimony in early July that increased our request from $76 million to $126 million. So the previous rate increase request of 2.8% for our retail Wisconsin customers has now risen to 3.9%. This new amount also reflects an increase in available Point Beach bill credits in light of lower sales expectations. We did not change our requests for our gas or our steam utilities.  A schedule was set by the Commission for the case at a prehearing conference on June 25. The next milestone will be the filing of direct testimony by Commission staff and interveners, and that is due on September 3rd. Technical and public hearings are likely to be held in the fall and we expect new rates will be in effect in January of 2010. We also filed this month for an electric rate increase of $42 million in Wisconsin Electric's Michigan jurisdiction. This request is driven primarily by the need to recover our investment and our operational costs associated with the new Oak Creek units.  We're proposing to implement this request in three phases. The first phase is for approximately $22 million and primarily reflects the commercial operation of the first Oak Creek unit. This increase would be expected to occur in conjunction with the commercial operation of Unit 1. The second phase would occur when the Michigan Commission issues its decision for the 2010 test year. That is anticipated to be in July of 2010. Assuming our request is approved, this amounts to an additional $16 million. Finally, if our request is approved when the second Oak Creek unit enters commercial service, the final amount - approximately $4 million - would become effective. In Michigan, of course, any amounts that we would self-implement are subject to refund with interest at the cost of equity. The Michigan Commission has not yet set a schedule for hearing our requests, but under Michigan law the Commission must act within a year of the filing or the rates would become effective as filed. And now I'll turn the call over to Allen, who'll give you more details on our financial performance for the second quarter. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Thank you, Gale.  Now, as Gale mentioned earlier, our second quarter 2009 earnings from continuing operations were $0.54 per share. I'll focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the first six months and discuss our earnings guidance for 2009. Our consolidated operating income was $119 million as compared to $108 million in the second quarter of 2008, for an increase of $11 million. Operating income in our Utility Energy segment totaled $90 million, which is comparable with the second quarter of 2008.  On the positive side, we had a $10 million reversal of a charge that we took in the first quarter related to revenue sufficiency guarantee credits from MISO, which I will expand upon later.  Our utility non-fuel O&M costs are $12 million lower than last year in the second quarter as we took action in response to economic conditions. These actions included a hiring freeze.  In addition, while we experienced an unseasonably cool June, it was closer to normal than last year. More favorable weather resulted in a $4 million increase in operating income as compared to the prior year.  We also had fuel recoveries that were $2 million better than in 2008.  Partially offsetting these factors was a $23 million decline attributable to lower retail sales as a result of the downturn in the economy.  Our utility depreciation expense is $4 million higher as a result of higher plant balances.  When we net all other factors together, we come to flat utility operating income as compared to the second quarter of 2008.  Now I wanted to briefly discuss the $10 million reversal of the first quarter charge related to MISO credits. In the first quarter we told you that we took a $10 million charge because the Wisconsin Commission had ordered us to refund $10 million of MISO-related credits that we hoped to receive later this year. At that time we expected to be neutral for the year if the credits came through; however, because of the uncertainty associated with the credits, our policy is to recognize them only when they are received. In May the FERC issued rulings that significantly reduced the amount of MISO credits that we were to receive. As a result of the FERC rulings we requested the deferral letter that would allow us to recover from customers any refunds that we gave them that were not ultimately covered by credits from MISO. The Wisconsin Commission granted the deferral and based on this we were able to reverse the first quarter charge.  In summary, on the first quarter conference call we told you that we expected the first quarter charge to reverse by the end of the year as the MISO credits were received. Now, with the deferral, the charge was reversed at the end of the second quarter. As expected, our non-utility operating income was up $11 million. The key drivers of this increase relate to a full quarter's earnings contribution from Unit 2 at Port Washington, which was placed into service in late May of 2008, and the water intake system at Oak Creek that was placed into service in January of this year. We do not expect to see this large of an increase in the third and fourth quarters as the earnings from Unit 2 at Port Washington will be comparable for these quarters.  Corporate and other affiliates had an operating loss of $2 million in 2009 and in 2008. Taking the changes for each of these segments together brings you back to the $11 million increase in operating income for this quarter. During the second quarter of 2009 earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company increased $2 million and all other income was relatively level. Interest expense increased $5 million because of interest expense associated with Unit 2 at Port Washington as well as additional long-term debt issued during the fourth quarter of 2008.  Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $2 million, primarily because of higher pre-tax earnings. I expect that our annual effective tax rate in 2009 will be approximately 37%.  Combining all of these items brings you to $64 million of net income from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2009 or earnings of $0.54 per share.  During the first six months of 2009 we generated $232 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is down $341 million from the same period in 2008. While our cash earnings were up, there were two large factors that reduced our cash from operations.  First, we contributed $289 million to our benefit plans in January of 2009, of which $270 million went to fund our pension plan. In the first six months of last year our contributions to benefit plans totaled $48 million.  The second factor which reduced cash from operations related to working capital items primarily associated with inventory balances.  On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $335 million as compared to $728 million in the first six months of 2008. The adjusted number includes $103 million of cash impact from the bill credits in 2009 and $154 million in 2008. Under GAAP, the cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change in restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity. From a management standpoint we consider this a source of cash as it relates directly to the bill credits and the one-time amortization. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $365 million in the first six months of 2009, which is down from $642 million in the first six months of 2008. On an annual basis, we expect our capital expenditures to be about $275 million lower than 2008 capital expenditures as we move closer to the completion of our power of the future construction program. On a GAAP basis, our debt-to-capital ratio was 58.2% as of June 30, and we were at 55.2% on an adjusted basis. This is essentially flat compared to our December 31, 2008 levels, even when considering the $289 million contribution to our benefit plans in January of this year. I would expect our debt-to-capital ratio to increase slightly by the end of this year as compared to last year. Our goal is to maintain our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio at no more than 60% during the period we are constructing our new coal-fired generation. We're using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. In the second quarter we continued to see the economic recession impact our electric sales. Generally, our service territory has a well-diversified industrial and commercial mix that helps mitigate the impact of economic downturns; however, in this economy we are seeing four sectors dramatically affected. They include iron ore minor, paper production, primary metals and the automotive part sector.  Our electricity sales to large commercial and industrial customers dropped by 21.8% in the second quarter as compared to the second quarter of 2008. Excluding sales to our largest customer, the iron ore mines, our large commercial and industrial sales were down 16.2%. Electricity used by small commercial and industrial customers declined by 5.4%. Consumption of electricity by residential customers was up 0.2%.  Over the past several weeks we have seen strong anecdotal evidence that industrial production and economic output are stabilizing. Several sectors have held up well in this economic downturn. The health care and food products segments have remained constant in their energy usage when compared to last year, and most of the other segments have leveled out after a double-digit drop in sales. During our first quarter call we provided new guidance on our electric sales forecast for 2009. I would like to comment on where we see our annual sales in light of the second quarter results. Our second quarter sales came in slightly lower than our May forecast. On a weather-normalized basis, retail sales came in about 11% less than the second quarter of 2008. We had expected a 9% decline. The majority of the decline came from the large commercial and industrial class, which had a decline of 22% versus a forecasted decline of 16%.  Taking into account the results of the second quarter, we are adjusting our overall annual sales outlook slightly. Our previous outlook for electric sales called for an 8.1% decline in kilowatt hour sales in 2009 as compared to 2008. We now estimate the decline will be approximately 8.5%. However, based on what we've seen in the detailed sales mix by customer class, we are not changing our gross margin or our annual earnings estimates.  Our earnings guidance for 2009 remains in the range of $3.05 to $3.15 per share. Our first six months came in stronger than we expected because of cold winter weather, favorable fuel collections, and cost reductions across every segment of our business. As we mentioned in the first quarter call, we expect the favorable fuel collections to partially reverse in the second half of the year; however, I still expect that we will be in a positive fuel recovery position of approximately $20 million for calendar year 2009.  In addition temperatures in July have been well below normal and cooling demand has been low. Our current forecast for earnings in the third quarter is $0.46 to $0.51 per share. This projection is below our earnings in the third quarter of 2008 largely because of the timing of electric fuel cost recovery as compared to last year as well as the cool July weather. So with that I'll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Allen, thank you very much.  I would just like to add - before we open up for questions I'd like to add some additional perspective on the downturn in industrial energy use across our region.  The numbers clearly show weak production levels and there has been a significant loss of manufacturing jobs throughout our service area; however, the overall unemployment rate in Wisconsin remains better than the national average at 9.2%, and while many manufacturers have eliminated second and third shift operations and all weekend work, we are not experiencing a significant number of new plant closures. As Allen said a bit earlier, we've seen over the past few weeks strong anecdotal evidence that energy demand from our large commercial and industrial customers is stabilizing.  On another positive note, a modest amount of customer growth is continuing in our region. At the end of June we were serving nearly 3,400 more electric customers and approximately 2,300 more natural gas customers than a year ago. Overall we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator:  And now we would like to take your questions. (Operator Instructions)  Your first question comes from Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: You've made the update to the rate case based on what you're seeing in terms of the evolving expectations for electricity demand. Is that the only adjustment you'll be able to make? I know you said you think you're seeing a stabilization of demand, but if you were to see a significant change in demand between now and, let's say, November and December, would you be able to make another adjustment or would it be too late in the rate case cycle?
Gale Klappa: Greg, very good question. Essentially the way the process works in Wisconsin is up until the time that we filed additional direct testimony we had a window to update our data and we were able to do that. Pretty much now, as we work our way between today and the decision by the Commission, the sales data and the sales forecast is about locked in.  What we will, though, have an opportunity to update is fuel. But the historic practice of the Wisconsin Commission is to take a look at the November strip for natural gas, for example, and update the fuel forecast numbers very late in the process so that they have a pretty good up-to-date look at what our fuel costs are going to be before the final decision. So no additional update, we would not expect at all, on the sales forecast, but we would expect very updated and current fuel numbers to factor into the decision in December.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: And in the interim really your earnings power at the utility on an ongoing basis, I'm presuming, will be predicated on, one, economic conditions hopefully being comparable to what's in the filing and you getting consistent rate-making treatment, but in the short run is it fair to say that, to summarize what you've said on the call, anyway, you're offsetting the softness of sales partly through the benefit of how steeply fuel has dropped and the way your fuel adjustment clause works and partly through temporary cost reductions?
Gale Klappa: Correct. You're absolutely right, Greg. In the near term probably the single biggest impact on our earnings will be the weather.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: When I look at your CapEx budget, the last time I checked you gave a forecast out through 2011. There's a little over $400 million in there for renewables. Which projects does that include? Does that include a placeholder for any of these biomass or not-yet-announced additions that you need to meet that mandate?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, the expenditures that we had certainly for 2009, 2010, 2011, that would be more related to wind projects, primarily to Glacier Hills, so that would just be wind projects. Longer term, as Gale talked about with biomass, there certainly could be expenditures past 2011 for biomass, but in that three-year outlook from '09 to '11 we didn't include any capital expenditures for biomass.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: So any incremental renewable projects that you enter into to meet your mandate above and beyond what you've explicitly announced would be additional CapEx? I just wanted to make sure there wasn't some amount in that '11 number that was sort of notional for future projects. 
Allen L. Leverett: I don't view any of the '09 to '11 numbers as notional; however, as Gale talked about, we're still in the midst of the approval process with the Commission, so although we expect a good result there, we haven't brought that to completion yet. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: The environmental spending is for the Oak Creek project, for which the last year is '12? 
Gale Klappa: That is correct. And all of the environmental spend that you see or virtually 100% of the environmental spend you see in the breakdown of our capital projections is for this huge environmental upgrade at the existing Oak Creek units.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: The $11 million from the construction projects, can you break that out between Port Washington and the water intake?
Allen L. Leverett: Sure. The $11 million I would say that roughly - well, let me talk about it in terms of maybe the first half. I think $16 million in the first half of the year was from Port Washington No. 2, so that gives it to you for the first half. Then of the roughly $11 million within the quarter I would say that probably $1.5 million was the water system and the balance was Port Washington. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And then what was the absolute fuel over or under recovery in the quarter?
Allen L. Leverett: Sure, let me just go through that. And maybe in terms of the quarter, the absolute for the quarter was a $4.4 million under recovery for the quarter, second quarter. And that's about, I mean, if you compare, Paul, to the second quarter of 2008, that's about a $1.5 million swing positive, meaning that we were about $5.9 million under recovered in the second quarter of 2008 and then the second quarter of this year, $4.4 million under recovered for a positive swing of $1.5 million. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: I thought we had a month of still very strong over recoveries in the quarter. How did we switch to getting negative?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, in the second quarter, you remember, we had the fuel rate refund - excuse me, the reduction in the fuel rate. And so what we're collecting now is lower than what we had in the past.
Gale Klappa: We had one, April, was a positive month; then new fuel recovery rates when into effect in very early May, so you see May and June being slightly lower. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: But you're under recovered, so did fuel move between the time you set your new rates to the time you started buying gas?
Gale Klappa: No, Paul, but remember, April is a shoulder month with very low demand, so you're not going to see huge swings in fuel one way or another in the month of April and we didn't. But now we have the lower fuel rate in effect, and I think what really Allen is telling you is that we think we will be reasonably recovered, maybe a slight slip in the second half in terms of actual fuel costs for the second half compared to fuel recovery rate. We might see a $4 slip in the second half, but we expect to be pretty close to fully recovered with a new fuel recovery rate in the second half.
Allen L. Leverett: For the year, Paul, just to be clear, so for the first half of the year we were about $24.2 million in a positive recovery situation on fuel, so that's for the first half of the year. And then as Gale mentioned, we for the second half of the year would expect to be under recovered about $4.2 million. So for the year we would expect to be in a $20 million positive recovery position on fuel.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Can you just update us on how bad debt is tracking and remind us of recovery mechanisms?
Gale Klappa: Allen and I can both handle it. Actually, we're doing reasonably well and surprisingly well on bad debt. Essentially, arrears greater than 60 days are only about $7 million higher than a year ago and essentially we have protection for arrears greater than what is in rates, what is being collected in rates on the residential side of the business, where we can escrow essentially bad debt write-offs above what is being collected in rates for residential customers. So we're really hanging in there just fine at the moment, Paul.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Gale or Allen, I was hoping to get a little more granularity on the O&M cuts - I think, Allen, you cited a $12 million impact in the quarter - just to understand how much if any of that is sort of ongoing. And when I think ongoing I think sort of full year '10 versus '09, and then maybe you can think about the last two quarters of this year. 
Gale Klappa: Both Allen and I will give you our views.  First of all, you are correct. Our ongoing operation and maintenance expenses in the second quarter of this year were $12 million less than Q2 of a year ago. Probably the biggest driver is the hiring freeze.  We began really to take action on very specific initiatives to reduce costs even lower really in the third quarter of last year. We began to see some troubling signs in demand and with the economy, and we really started to take action, I think, quite early. So we've had a hiring freeze in place for many months now and that is the biggest single driver of the reduction in O&M. But, Jay, we've got literally hundreds of initiatives - cost reduction, cost control initiatives - going on all across this enterprise, many of them very little things like completely re-thinking the number of copiers we need in the offices. But it just gives you an idea of the depth to which we're looking at efficiency and cost. And I might add, if you look back for a little bit longer look, our full-time equivalent headcount is 11% lower or about 590 people lower than it was at the end of December, 2004, and that is even in view of the fact that we've added about $1.2 billion of generation-related assets that have to be managed with new people. So I'm very pleased with what we're seeing in terms of our employees focusing on costs and the results that we're seeing from cost reduction. And then, Jay, to your question about will we continue to see some benefit from cost reduction in the second half, I think the answer is yes in large part because the initiatives we have under way will continue and so will the hiring freeze. Allen?
Allen L. Leverett: Although - and Gale mentioned this, Jay - you remember we really started seeing the benefits of that hiring freeze in the second half of this year, so I don't think it would be appropriate to say all right, well, we started that in the second half of '08; you already had started those initiatives. So incremental I wouldn't expect to see yet again the sort of impacts that we saw in the first half of the year.
Gale Klappa: Percentages. 
Allen L. Leverett: A lot of those [inaudible] in the second half. 
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Is my recollection right? I thought you had described first quarter O&M as flat, so if these initiatives were under way I'm a little confused as to why we didn't see much of it in the first quarter, now we're seeing it in the second quarter. Is there some lack of predictability to it given it's driven by a hiring freeze?
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, there's one other item related to amortizations in the rate case. There were $15 million of regulatory amortizations that we had to take in the first quarter of this year that did not occur in the first quarter of 2008, and I think that was about $15 million. So that $15 million of costs went through the income statement in the first quarter.
Gale Klappa: And it masked some of the underlying O&M savings.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Last question, on the Bechtel dispute, now that you've gone to binding arbitration, how transparent is that process going to be? I know we got an update last quarter, now we get one here. Will there be updates throughout that process or does now it sort of go behind closed doors and sort of pop out when we get a final decision in '10?
Gale Klappa: A very good question, Jay. Under the contract that we have with Bechtel, the binding arbitration process is supposed to be confidential. If there are any material developments, though, obviously we would announce those developments. But day-to-day back-and-forth, what schedule is being followed, that is all under confidentiality per the contract.
Jay Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: And now that you're in binding arbitration I assume settlement sort of happens if it's going to occur at the 11th hour. There's certainly no incentive for either party to sort of go to settlement prior to that.
Gale Klappa: Jay, it's very hard to make that decision or really comment on that because it really depends upon, I think, how motivated Bechtel might be as the hearing process and testimony process really unfolds.  But, again, I think we feel like we have a very strong case here.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Your coal and transport needs for the new coal units, have they been contracted yet or are they yet to be contracted?
Gale Klappa: For the new Oak Creek units?
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Yes.
Allen L. Leverett: We've got coal on the ground right now and we have delivery scheduled. 
Gale Klappa: And rail contracts in place.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: You mentioned that you're going to have the opportunity to kind of put in a new fuel forecast for the 2010 rate year and so the numbers you quoted at the beginning of the call - a 3.9% rate increase is that the full rate including your forecast of fuel and purchased power at the time or is that just the base rate increase?
Gale Klappa: No, that would include any fuel forecast changes, so the 3.9% across the retail group of customers is a net, basically, of base rate increases and fuel changes.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: And what was the vintage of the fuel and power forecast determining that 3.9% increase?
Gale Klappa: Well, we filed in March and I don't think we changed anything but the sales forecast with our July testimony, so that would have been early first quarter.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: I'm just curious if you were to kind of mark your open position for fuel and purchased power, to mark it based on a decline in gas prices and the big drop in power prices, if you've got any sense for what that - if you were to do that forecast today if it might be a little bit less than 3.9% or potentially flat?
Gale Klappa: I don't think it would be flat in part because we have a very big percentage of our power supply coming from coal-fired units and our purchased power agreement from Point Beach for the nuclear generation. And those costs, I mean, we have long-term coal contract costs, we have a long-term cost-specific purchased power agreement with FPL, so those costs are not subject to huge change.  The big swing, if there is a swing, would be in the portion of our generation from gas-fired generation or MISO purchases.  Steve, it's just things move around so much day-to-day and we'll just have to see as we get closer to December. But I do think it's a positive the way the Wisconsin Commission updates its fuel forecast numbers to make as accurate a decision as they can.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Can you just remind what portion of your generation output at [WeCo] is kind of tied to gas prices?
Gale Klappa: Less than 15% in terms of just our own generation.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: So I guess it's that piece plus whatever purchased power you have that would really be moving?
Gale Klappa: Yes. And Rick is saying it will shift a lot next year as we bring the Oak Creek units on, but you're right, it's two pieces - it's our own gas-fired generation and then the affect of gas on the margin in MISO for purchased power. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities.
Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities: Just a quick question on the rate case. I understand that staff testimony is due, I think, September 3rd, but have you had any indication or input as to how the recent higher revenue request has been received in the state?
Gale Klappa: We had one front-page story in the Milwaukee paper, probably a dozen customer calls, and really that's about it.  I think one of the other factors in play here is that every single Wisconsin utility has filed for a rate case this year, so the five major utilities that operate in Wisconsin all have filed for rate cases, and our 3.9% increase is at the low end of anybody's ask. I think Wisconsin Power and Light is up above 9%; some of the others are in the 5% to 7% range.  And clearly what's driving the lion's share of our request is recovery of the final stages of power of the future, and I think folks have a good understanding that we've had to invest in infrastructure that's going to serve customers here well for the next 50 years.
Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities: And I guess it would be fair to say that the incrementally higher request is probably not a big surprise, right?
Gale Klappa: No. We had signaled that that was likely to happen as we got more economic data and real world experience with what the first several months of our industrial demand looked like. But, again, if you think about what fundamentally happened, the original ask was a 2.8% increase; it went to 3.9%, so it's not like there was a huge, dramatic change.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Allen, can you talk about what you think your earnings sensitivity is this year for kind of like every 1% change in your demand forecast for the back half of the year? 
Allen L. Leverett: Well, when you say demand, maybe if I could answer it in terms of energy rather than demand, I would guess that for the year if you saw a 1% change in overall sales it's probably on the order of $20 million. If you were then looking for just six months it's probably $10 million. And those numbers are margin figures, Michael, so not total revenues. 
Gale Klappa: Pre-tax.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, so pre-tax gross margin, those are, I think, reasonable numbers - rules of thumb.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay, I just want to make sure I follow you. So in other words, if actuals deviate from your demand forecast for the rest of the year by 100 basis points for kilowatt hour sales, it's roughly $10 million pre-tax.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, pre-tax gross margin, right.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I know that a number of the other utilities in the state have filed cases. What's kind of the range of ROE and equity layer requests by some of your peers in the state versus what you've asked for?
Gale Klappa: I think, Michael, most of the companies that have filed in the state have essentially asked for the same capital structure going forward as is in place today and the same return on equity.  So, for example, we said that even though we think the cost of capital has been re-priced and risk has been re-priced - and you could make an argument that the cost of equity is higher than two years ago - we would, in light of the economic conditions, just ask for 10-7-5 is our allowed return on equity and roughly a 52% to 53% equity layer in our capital structure, again, unchanged from the prior rate decision.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I remember - and it's been a little bit since I've looked at it - is that 52% or 53% based on your GAAP equity layer or is that based on your regulated equity layer and is GAAP likely higher or lower?
Gale Klappa: It's based on the regulated, but I'm not certain whether the GAAP is - 
Allen L. Leverett: Meaning it includes some debt equivalents.
Gale Klappa: All right.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay, I'll take this offline.
Operator:  Well, Mr. Klappa, we have no further questions, sir, so I'll turn it back to you.
Gale Klappa: Outstanding. Well, this concludes our conference call for today, ladies and gentlemen. We appreciate you taking part. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office and her direct line is 414-221-2592.  Thank you again. Good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen Henderson - IR Gale Klappa - CEO Allen Leverett - CFO
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Leslie Rich - Columbia Management Cedilla Merky - CDP US Justin Maurer - Lord Abbett Andrew Levi - Incremental Capital Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management Julian Vermilion-Smith - UBS 
Colleen Henderson: Welcome to Wisconsin Energy's conference call to review first quarter 2009 results. (Operator Instructions). Before the conference call begins I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation other than historical facts, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its 2009 first quarter results at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on our conference call to review the company's 2009 first quarter results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of. Regeneration; Allen Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, General Counsel; and Steve Dickson, Controller. Allen will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $1.20 a share for the first quarter of 2009. This compares with $1.04 a share from the same period in 2008. Our stronger earnings this quarter were largely driven by a reduction in our cost of fuel and purchase power. On April 27, we filed with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to reduce retail prices for our electric customers in Wisconsin, in light of the significant drop we've seen in the cost of fuel, particularly natural gas and diesel. Based on actual fuel costs to date, and projected data for the remainder of this year, we expect that our annual fuel costs for 2009 would be about $67 million less than what we had been collecting in customer rates. Now, I would like to touch briefly on the impact of the ongoing recession across our service area. Generally our region has a well diversified industrial and commercial base which helps to mitigate the impact of most economic downturns. However, in this economy we're seeing three sectors that have been dramatically affected. They are ore mining, primary metals and paper production. Led by declines in this three sectors our electricity sales to large commercial and industrial customers dropped by 17.8% in the first quarter, as compared to first quarter of 2008. Electricity used by small commercial and industrial customers declined by 2.3%. Consumption of electricity by residential customers was down 3.5%, driven primarily by milder winter weather. Now, over the past few weeks, we have seen anecdotal evidence that industrial production and economic output in our region maybe stabilizing. Stabilizing at levels that are clearly below what we expected as we entered 2009. There are, however, some bright spots. Our largest customer, the iron ore mines in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan had been planning to close their mines for the entire month of July. They've now announced they will operate through July, and they plan to add 600,000 tons of production in their forecast for 2009. In the heavy machinery sector for mining equipment, major producers actually increased their electricity consumption in the first quarter of this year by an average of 5%. In the healthcare industry across southeastern Wisconsin, we're continuing to see positive growth of electricity use in the first quarter of 4% over the comparable period last year, and several major hospital and health service expansions remain on track. And finally, energy used in the gaming and entertainment sector was up 4% for the quarter, reflecting a major casino expansion that was completed late last year. Now, I would like to spend just a moment on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our power of the future plan is fundamental with the principle of energy self-sufficiency. Key components of our focus on self-sufficiency include investing in two combined cycle gas fired units at Port Washington, north of Milwaukee, construction of two supper-critical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, which is south of city and building a significant amount of renewable generation. As we've discussed on previous calls, both units at Port Washington are in service, construction was completed on time and on budget. The units are among the most efficient in the Midwest market, they are operating well and our customers are now benefiting from the low price of natural gas that fuel these units. Let's turn now to the status of the two new coal-fired units at Oak Creek. Based on Bechtel's revised schedule, Unit 1 and the common facilities are approximately 92% complete, and Unit 2 is approximately 45% complete. Progress on Unit 1 is shifting rapidly from construction to commissioning. Many of the electrical systems, load centers and controls have been handed over to start up, while construction crews continue to finish up the large mechanical systems, such as the boiler and the turbine generator. Completing the duct work, needed to convey the air and exhaust gases through the boiler and through the air quality controls to the chimney stack is now a critical activity at the site. This work is nearing completion as the access points are being closed in preparation for firing the boiler on natural gas. The internal surfaces of the boiler tubes must be chemically cleaned before the boiler can be fired; of course, this cleaning process is scheduled to start later this month. During April, our contractor also completed the necessary hydrostatic pressure tests on the feed water system. This system will supply high pressure, high temperature water to the boiler. Regarding the Hitachi Supply Turbine Generator, Bechtel completed the lubricating oil flush last month. This ensures that the system, which supplies oil to the main turbine generator bearings are free of contamination from construction. And I'm pleaded to report that the turbine generator was placed on turning gear for the first time last night. As I mentioned in our last call, the cooling water intake system was placed in the commercial service on January 18. This means we are drawing water through the tunnel and supplying it to the four existing units at the Oak Creek site. Of course, the tunnel will also supply cooling water to the new units when they become operational. I should add that the first of six circulating water pumps for the new units is scheduled to run for the first time next week. Bechtel is continuing to target commercial operation of Unit 1 by the end of this year, and Unit 2 by the end of August, 2010. Over the past few months, Bechtel has made significant progress at the site, including making up the time that it had previously lost in piping installation. Bechtel is behind its plan for turning over individual systems from construction start up. Bechtel has delivered a recovery plan and is adding resources in an effort to recover the schedule. We will have a better feel for the likely completion date for Unit 1, once first fire is achieved and that first fire milestone is currently scheduled to take place in mid-August. Now, as you know, Bechtel filed a formal claim last December seeking relief under the contract. Bechtel is citing a number of factors, including weather conditions in the winters of '06-'07, and '07-'08. Heavy rains in the spring of '08 and what Bechtel believes to be changes in local labor conditions. Claims for schedule and cost relief related to these factors totaled $413 million. Bechtel also stated its belief that the weather events constitute a force majeure. We don't believe there is a contractual basis for some of the claims that Bechtel submitted. For example, we disagree that Bechtel is entitled to cost or schedule relief as a result of alleged changes in the labor market. Bechtel also filed a $72 million claim, the alleged effects of changes and delays prior to the issuance of the full notice to proceed back in 2005. We believe this claim is without merit, and that Bechtel was fully compensated for any and all impacts of the delayed start. Finally, Bechtel has asked for six months of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2009 guaranteed date for Unit 1, and three months of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2010 guaranteed date for Unit 2. We are reviewing the claims, of course, and we've asked Bechtel for additional information. We expect the claims will be resolved through the contract's formal dispute resolution process. A step of that process called for management meetings to see if we could reach a resolution. This step has been completed and we were unable to resolve our differences with Bechtel. Currently, we are in the nonbinding mediation stage of the process. If this step is not completed successfully, then we are likely to begin binding arbitration by early fall. Binding arbitration could certainly carried on until mid-year 2010. As we assess these developments, I believe there are several key points to keep in mind. First, we are still recovering carrying costs associated with the construction of these units. Under the terms of the lease agreements between Wisconsin Electric and W.E. Power, we are recovering based on a mix of debt and equity, our capital carrying costs as construction continues on the Oak Creek Project. We're allowed to recover our carrying costs up to the total budget for the project that's been approved by Wisconsin Commission. So we believe our ability to recover cash carrying costs should be largely unaffected by a slight change in the construction schedule. I would also like to repeat an important point about the ultimate recovery of any potential cost increases. We believe we have several layers of protection for recovery of our costs. So for example, to conclude that an additional cost is not ultimately recoverable, you would have to believe that the costs will not qualify for recovery under at least four opportunities. First, the remaining contingency in the project is not sufficient to offset the cost. Second, that the cost would fall outside the 5% band that the commission has deemed reasonable for prudent costs above the approved amount for the project. Third, that the cost was not caused buy a force majeure event as defined by the lease agreements. And finally, after an opportunity to demonstrate prudency that the cost would be ultimately deemed to be imprudent. One more important point; liquidated damage payments will be due from Bechtel on Unit 1, unless it is determined that any days granted for scheduled release are equal to or exceed the delay of the schedule. Of course, as we move forward we'll provide you with updates on any major developments through our SEC filings and on our scheduled earnings calls. Now turning to renewables; the State of Wisconsin has a renewable portfolio standard that increase from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each of the utilities using an historical baseline. So using that baseline, approximately 8.5% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. Meeting the aggressive 2015 targets could require a mixture of additional projects and short-term purchase power agreements. Of course, with the completion of our Blue Sky Green Field Wind Farm last year, we took a significant step toward meeting Wisconsin's goal to reduce its carbon footprint. With a total of '88 turbines, each with a capacity of 1.65 megawatts, Blue Sky Green Field is the largest wind farm to date in Wisconsin. It was completed under-budget and ahead of schedule. To continue on the path of carbon reduction, we acquired FPL Energy a wind site in Colombia County in East Central Wisconsin. In October of last year, we filed for approval to build our new wind project, which is called the Glacier Hills Wind Park. The Public Service Commission deemed our application to be completed on January 27, so the Commission's 180 day review period is now underway. The site can accommodate between 130 and 207 megawatts of new capacity, depending on the final layout and the turbine equipment that we select. The first full year of operation under our plan is expected to be 2012. Construction, as you may know, is also underway on a major upgrade of the air quality controls of the existing coal-fired units at Oak Creek. We expect the cost of this facility will be about $960 million. That includes allowance for funds used during construction, for the installation of wet flue gas de-sulfurization and selective catalytic reduction facilities. We expect these controls to be completed in 2012. In other recent developments, on March 13, we filed a general rate case on our normal cycle for our Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas utilities. Filing includes a request for a $76.5 million or 2.8% increase to support electric operations. A $38.9 million or 4.6% increase for Wisconsin Gas operations. A $22.1 million offer 3.6% increase for Wisconsin Electric and Gas operations, and $2.7 million for our two steam utilities. On evaluating our electric operations, we concluded that a 6.1% increase could clearly be justified, but we are limiting the electric request to take into account the difficult conditions our customers face in today's economy. We plan to make up for the difference by continuing to manage company budgets and proposing to recover certain costs over a slightly longer period of time. The increase in electric rates that we've requested will continue to support investment in our power of the future plan, upgrades to the transmission grid by the American Transmission Company, employee benefit costs, and very slightly higher (inaudible). The Wisconsin Commission will hold hearings on our request in the fall and we expect new rates to be effective in January of 2010. Now, I'll turn the call over to Allen, who will give you more details on you financial performance for the first quarter.
Allen Leverett: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our first quarter 2009 earnings from continuing operations were $1.20 per share. I'll focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the quarter and discuss our earnings guidance for 2009. You may want to refer to page six of the earnings package as I make my remarks. Our consolidated operating income was $243 million as compared to $218 million in the first quarter of 2008 or an increase of $25 million. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $260 million or an increase of $10 million versus last year. The largest single factor impacting our utility operating income related to favorable recoveries of fuel. In the first quarter of 2009, we experienced $28 million in favorable fuel recoveries, as compared to the first quarter of 2008, where we realized $14 million in unfavorable fuel recoveries. On a quarter-to-quarter comparison, this led to a $42 million favorable impact on operating income. In addition to the fuel recoveries, our first quarter 2009 benefited from $28 million of other pricing increases, largely related to the January, 2008, Wisconsin Retail Rate Order, net of bill credits. On the negative side, the decline in retail electric sales resulted in a $20 million reduction in operating income. We experienced $15 million in increased amortization related costs and we recorded a $10 million reduction in revenues, because of the PSCW mandated refund. Our depreciation expense increased $5 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis, due in large part to the wind additions in May, 2008. While 2009 has been slightly colder than normal, we estimate that weather had a negative $5 million impact, as compared to 2008, because the prior year experienced an extremely cold first quarter. Other items had a net negative $5 million impact. I will expand on our discussion on fuel recoveries and electric sales later in this presentation as I look at the full year. However, I did want to mention at this point that the $10 million refund mandated by the PSCW is not expected to have a net impact on our earnings this year. We anticipate that this refund will be offset by approximately $10 million in fuel credits that are expected from MISO over the rest of the year. Operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which primarily includes W.E. Power, was up $14 million. The key drivers of this increase related to a full quarter's earnings contribution from Unit 2 at Port Washington, which was placed into service in May, 2008. Our earnings also benefited from the water intake system at Oak Creek that was placed into service in January of this year. Corporate and other affiliates had an operating loss of $1 million in 2009, compared to an operating loss of $2 million in 2008. This improvement reflected the shutdown of our Minergy operation at the end of last year. Taking the changes for each of these segments together brings you back to the $25 million increase in operating income for 2009. During the first quarter of 2009, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company increased $3 million. Other income declined $3 million, primarily because of lower property sales. Interest expense increased $2 million, because of the interest expense associated with Unit 2 at Port Washington, and additional long-term debt issued during the fourth quarter of 2008. Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $4 million, because of higher pre-tax earnings, offset in part by a lower effective income tax rate. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 36.5%, compared to 38.6% last year. I expect that our annual effective tax rate in 2009 will be approximately 37%. Combining all of these items, brings you to $142 million of net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2009 or earnings of $1.20 per share. During the first quarter of 2009, we generated $20 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is down $324 million from the same period in 2008. While our cash earnings were up, there were two large factors that reduced our cash from operations. First, we contributed $289 million to our benefit plans in January of 2009, of which $270 million went to fund our pension plan. In the first quarter of 2008, our contributions to benefit plans totaled $48 million. The second factor which reduced cash from operations related to a reduction in our accounts payable, primarily as a result of falling natural gas prices. This was partially offset by lower receivable balances. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $78 million, as compared to $432 million in the first quarter of 2008. The adjusted number includes $58 million of cash impact from the bill credits in 2009, and $88 million in 2008. Under GAAP, the cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change and restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity. From a management standpoint, we consider this, the source of cash as it directly relates to the bill credits. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $171 million in the first quarter of 2009, which is down from the $348 million in the first quarter of 2008. On an annual basis, we expect our capital expenditures to be about $300 million lower than 2008 capital expenditures, as we move closer to the completion of our Power the Future construction program. On a GAAP basis, our debt to capital ratio was 58.5% as of March 31, and we were at 55.5% on an adjusted basis. This is essentially flat compared to our December 31, 2008 levels even when considering the $289 million contribution to our benefit plans in January of this year. I would expect our debt to capital ratio to increase slightly by the end of this year as compared to last year. Our goal remains to maintain our adjusted debt to capital ratio at no more than 60% during the period we are constructing our new coal-fired generation. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Now, I would like to wrap things up for the discussion of earnings guidance for 2009, as well as the second quarter. Our earnings guidance for 2009 remains in the range of $3.05 to $3.15 per share, as we discussed in our last call. We expect the total earnings contribution of $0.39 per share from our Power the Future program in 2009. This includes a full calendar year contribution from the two units at Port Washington, as well as the water and coal handling systems at Oak Creek. In 2011, when we expect both of the new Oak Creek units to be online for a full year, assuming a favorable resolution of the Bechtel claim, we project an additional $0.75 per share of earnings from our Power the Future program. Although our bottom-line guidance for 2009 is unchanged, I did want to discuss our latest outlook for electric fuel cost recovery, as well as electric sales. Previously, we expected to be in a fully recovered position on fuel costs in 2009. As it turns out, prices for natural gas and diesel fuel have dropped more than we expected, and we were in a $28 million favorable recovery position as of March 31 of this year. The drop in natural gas prices was a key reason for our filing with Public Service Commission of Wisconsin last week to reduce the fuel recovery rate for our retail electric customers in Wisconsin. However, since the new fuel rate can only be implemented on a perspective basis, we now estimate that the company will be in a positive recovery position of approximately $20 million for calendar year 2009. Now, although this is a positive development, we now expect that the downturn in the economy will have a more negative impact on our electricity sales than we previously expected. Our sales of electricity to large commercial and industrial customers were down almost 18% in the first quarter. On a comparable basis, the sales outlook that we provided last December assumed a 15% reduction in electric sales for the first quarter. The previous electric sales outlook [called] for an annual 6% reduction in electricity sales to large commercial and industrial customers in 2009. When we included projected sales to the Cleveland Cliffs mines in Michigan, the previous outlook was for a 9% decline. The previous forecast also reflected a 2.5% reduction for small commercial and industrial customers in 2009 and sales to residential customers being essentially flat. Taking into account what we are seeing across the economy, our new outlook for 2009 forecast an 11% reduction in electric sales to large commercial and industrial customers, excluding sales to Cleveland Cliffs, and a 15% reduction including those sales. Sales to small commercial and industrial customers are now expected to fall 6%, while residential sales are projected to decline 2% on a weather normalized basis. I currently expect the net impact of these further sales reductions to also be about $20 million on a pre-tax basis, as compared to our prior forecast. So we currently expect the fuel recovery and the net impact of the change in sales forecast to offset each other. And our 2009 guidance remains in the range of $3.05 to $3.15 per share. Our current forecast for earnings in the second quarter is $0.38 to $0.43 per share. This expectation reflects lower recovery to fuel as a result of the recent rate reduction and lower retail electric sales. With that I'll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Allen, thank you very much. Overall, we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc, please state your question.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: One of the trends I think we have all been surprised by is the fact that industrial sales seemed to have less of an impact than people had feared, given that latter rates are set on monthly peak demand charges rather than absolute megawatt hours. Is that kind of how your rates are structured?
Gale Klappa: Paul, you are absolutely right. Particularly, with our large, commercial and industrial customers the demand component is a significant portion of their bill. And what we are seeing, anecdotally, with the pretty significant decline in kilowatt hour sales to major manufacturing firms. We are seeing them reduce weekend production. We are seeing them reduce second and third shift production. When they do run, they are running pretty much at full capacity. So you are absolutely right, in that. We haven't seen a significant margin erosion as one might expect if you just looked at an 18% decline in sales.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: I guess the biggest risk is that they actually shutdown and what do you see as far as that trend?
Gale Klappa: We stay in pretty good close touch with our customers at the moment and we did see this happen obviously late last week. We have one major additional shutdown and that's the engine plant that has been a long time Chrysler engine manufacturing plant near Kenosha. That's one of our 20 largest customers. Obviously, Chrysler went into bankruptcy. That plant will not operate, nor will any other Chrysler plant until Chrysler emerges from bankruptcy. And then the current thinking is that that plant will shutdown permanently at the end of 2010. Although, the state is making a major effort to try to extend the life of the plant, but the only major customer that I see at risk in terms of complete shutdown at the moment would be the one we saw announced last week and that's Chrysler.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And what are the wholesale markets currently offering as far as margins relative to kind of the special rates that these large industrials get?
Gale Klappa: Well, really that's not a very big impact if any impact on our earnings, because if you think about where our earnings come from, probably 90% to 92% of our earnings are coming from our retail regulated operations. We have formulary tariffs for our wholesale power business. And so, the month-to-month or day-to-day gyrations in the wholesale market are not having a major impact on us. But I will say and I'm looking at Rick to see if he has any additional information. We have seen a major decline in the MISO prices across the first quarter. We have very, very efficient new natural gas units at Port Washington, they are among the most efficient in the country, and there were times, when our natural gas units were being dispatched into the MISO market ahead of our base load coal. So, really the world has kind of turned upside down with natural gas prices at $3. But in terms of just day-to-day impacts of the MISO market not a huge impact on earnings.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Okay. Allen talked about a $10 million offsetting impact of MISO refund relative to the fuel refund to customers. What was that item?
Gale Klappa: It's called revenue sufficiency guarantee money. Essentially, its dollars that generators are paid to make sure that the system is well supported and functioning well, and, that proper reserves are in place in any given hour. And FERC ordered basically a recalculation of RSG payments to generators, compared to what MISO had been paying to generators. Those dollars, theoretically, are being collected by MISO from those who owe the money, which is largely power marketers and the dollars will flow to the generators we believe over the course of the remainder of 2009. Allen?
Allen Leverett: Yes, originally, Paul, we had expected to just flow those dollars back to customers as we received them. What the Commission ordered us to do, instead of that is say, all right, look, you anticipate $10 million from the stream of revenues later in the year, go ahead and give back the $10 million now and then obviously the company will retain those $10 million later in the year to offset the $10 million that we are giving to customers this month.
Gale Klappa: So in essence there are two different fuel actions taking place. This month, there is a one-time refund to customers for fuel [over] recovery in 2008 and for this particular refund that we talked about the RSG revenues and then in addition to that the lower ongoing fuel recovery rate went into effect on May 1. Is that responsive and helpful?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. So we should continue to see April benefit from lower fuel in the second quarter?
Gale Klappa: The answer is yes.
Operator: Leslie Rich from Columbia Management, please state your question.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Allen was zipping through those percentage declines in the different customer classes.
Gale Klappa: He zips pretty good.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Yeah, he is very zippy. And I want to make sure I understand your current expectations versus previous. I believe at the beginning of the year, you had forecasted 3% decline in total retail sales. Is that still your current thinking, or you are thinking it's going to be down 6%?
Allen Leverett: Our original forecast for the entire retail across all classes, Leslie, so residential, commercial and industrial, small as well as large, including the mines, the original forecast was for about 4% reduction overall. And what I would say today again on the same basis, about an 8% reduction.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Across all classes?
Allen Leverett: Yes.
Leslie Rich - Columbia Management: Okay and then that translates into about $20 million pre-tax?
Allen Leverett: It roughly translates into about $40 million. My assumption is that we can offset about $20 million of that within the business and then the other $20 million is assumed to be offset with fuel.
Gale Klappa: That would be the first quarter fuel positive recovery.
Operator: Then [Cedilla Merky with CDP US], please state your question.
Cedilla Merky - CDP US: Couple of things, one, can you, given the changes in gas prices and everything like that, when the coal units go into operation, what are you currently kind of estimating are the fuel savings associated with displacing purchase power (inaudible) with natural gas?
Gale Klappa: I am we have the precise number in the room with us, but our 2.8% requested rate increase for 2010 reflects both the increased investment costs as the units come into service, but it also reflects the fact that our two new coal units will dispatch a very significant amount of time and lower our fuel costs. So, the net of the two is about a 2.8% increase.
Cedilla Merky - CDP US: Okay. And secondarily, what's the latest with regards to your carbon sequestration [pilot project] update?
Gale Klappa: Glad you asked that question. In fact, we'll be having our annual stockholders meeting day after tomorrow and we plan to update our stockholders on the progress of the test. It is certainly promising. We've had over 3,600 hours of operation of the technology. And late last fall for the first time, technology achieved the kind of results in the field that we have seen it achieved in the laboratory. In other words, it was capturing more than 90% of the carbon from the emission stream that was being captured. So very promising, we believe the testing now will extend several more months. All the partners of the project have agreed to continue the testing on into probably the end of 2009 at our Pleasant Prairie Plant. Then we are all comfortable enough with the results that we are seeing that a commitment has been made to scale up the technology by a factor of 10. Install that scaled up technology at American Electric Power's Mountaineer Plant in West Virginia. So that would be the next step. And by the way, and Rick's pointing it out, that particular plant in West Virginia that AEP owns has the geologic capability of sequestering the CO2. So that also would be the next step in commercialization of the technology, but overall pretty promising.
Operator: Justin Maurer with Lord Abbett, please state your question.
Justin Maurer - Lord Abbett: Good afternoon, guys. Couple of follow-ups to Paul's questions; first, on the industrial customers, just so that I understand the way the rates are structured. Again, you talked a little bit about that they are not working weekends or working more shifts, is there anything they can do to lower their costs, if you will, by scheduling differently? Or is it kind of a fixed cost to them to a certain extent anyway?
Gale Klappa: Well, some of our customers are on different versions of real-time pricing. So they can react to market prices. But the truth of the matter is many of our large industrial customers don't have with their running a lot of capability to shift. For example, one of our large customers melts steel and when they are operating that melter is operating full bore. So yes, there are little things that can be done around the edges. But what our customers are looking at, and you would expect this, is they are looking at what maximizes their total production costs. In other words, they are looking at labor, they are looking at overtime, so they are looking at the whole package of their costs and saying when should I run to minimize my cost and maximize my production? And right now what we are seeing them do, largely, is run weekdays during the day. So eight hour shifts during weekdays. And I wouldn't frankly expect unless the economy gets materially worse for that to change.
Justin Maurer - Lord Abbett: Okay. Is there a way to frame it up though, to say okay, of our average customer, to the extent there is such a thing that two-thirds of their cost is fixed, if you will, a third is variable or is it not that straightforward?
Gale Klappa: Justin, I wish it was that straightforward, but for each different customer, it really is different.
Justin Maurer - Lord Abbett: Everybody is trying to guesstimate kind of the direction of the economy as we move into the spring, that there was a huge shutdown in November- December or January-February, maybe a little bit late in March. Where do you get a sense, like you said you are very close contact with your customers, are they seeing not great, but reasonable sequential improvement as we get into April here, early May or is it still kind of choppy?
Gale Klappa: Justin, I don't think we are seeing any material sequential improvement. What I think we are seeing and we are now looking at data literally each day and each week. For the past four weeks, we have seen very good stabilization. If you look at our forecasts and you look at what's actually happening in the industrial sector, the last four weeks, we have been about dead on. As I mentioned earlier in our prepared remarks, I think we are seeing clear signs of stabilization, but at a lower level. So to put it to vernacular, I'm thinking and hoping that we are scraping along the bottom right now.
Justin Maurer - Lord Abbett: Then just so I am clear on the fuel recovery and the rebate, so the up front portion of that was already paid in the first quarter in March, correct? And then balance of that will unwind, if you will, as we go through the rest of the year?
Allen Leverett: There are two refunds, Justin. There is one refund that's roughly $8.6 million that was associated with 2008. So that was accrued for in 2008. The dollars were collected in 2008 and those dollars are being returned to customers this month. So there are $10 million. And that's the $10 million charge that we took in the first quarter of this year. So we go ahead and give that $10 million back in May, and then the company expects though to receive the $10 million throughout the remainder of the year.
Justin Maurer - Lord Abbett: Okay. So to Paul's question of the second quarter, those two amounts would net each other, although, I guess you took the charge in the first quarter so you're still benefit?
Operator: Once again, Andrew Levi with Incremental Capital, please state your question.
Andrew Levi - Incremental Capital: Did you give guidance for the second quarter, did I miss that?
Gale Klappa: Allen gave you a range of guidance. I think he can repeat it for you.
Allen Leverett: I'm sorry you missed it Andy, I can repeat it. It's $0.38 to $0.43 Andy for the quarter.
Andrew Levi - Incremental Capital: There you go, that's why the stock came in. And second question; then you mentioned about $0.75 of incremental earnings for 2010, is that what you said, too?
Allen Leverett: What I said was we have two coal units that we are building. And I would expect at this point at least that both of those units would be online for all of calendar year 2011. So, given that we would expect $0.75 of incremental earnings in 2011 for those coal units and then some of that $0.75 will then materialize in 2010 based on the final timings of Unit 1 and Unit 2. But in 2011, if you assume both are online for full-year that's $0.75 of earnings incremental.
Gale Klappa: What we are trying to do Andy is to give you sense of additional earnings from power of the future, once all the units are completed are in their first full-year of operation.
Operator: Scott Engstrom with Blenheim Capital Management, please state your question.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: Just further nuisance on the new retail volume forecast you have. I assume your initial forecast, for example, called for a weak first half and maybe a better flat or stable second half. I'm wondering how much of the new forecast really represents the kind of a plunge here in the first quarter, or how much of it reflects less optimism on the second half of the year?
Allen Leverett: Well, to tell you the truth, Scott, it was a bit of both. Let me explain what I mean by that. If you look at the forecast, our original forecast for the first quarter, for residential, we were just slightly worse than that forecast. In fact, on a weather normalized basis, you might make the case that we are actually in line with the weather normalized forecast. On small commercial and industrial we are actually a bit better than our forecast for the first quarter. Then as you heard from our prepared remarks on large commercial and industrial, we were quite a bit worse. So for residential and small C&I, I expect the back half to be worse than what we had originally expected, therefore quite a bit worse than last year. And the reason we believe that is because of what we are seeing with unemployment trends. Our original underlining forecast had about 8%, 8.5% unemployment. It's likely to go say 9%, 9.5%. I think our state currently is at around 9%. Generally, what we see with electric sales, there is a bit of a lag effect. So what I'm saying is, if underlying unemployment is going to be that much worse in the back half of the year, we should see some really further degradation versus our original forecast for those two classes, but large C&I, worse thing in that right now. We saw it in the first quarter. So I would hope to begin to see a little bit of improvement there, but its improvement relative to a much lower forecast now within the year.
Gale Klappa: Obviously, we are trying to be appropriately conservative against what we are seeing. Particularly, I mean, we are kind of in uncharted territory. We have looked back in our records and this company has been very good at keeping records for decades. And we have not seen, and I don't think many companies have, this kind of precipitous decline in this shorter period of time ever. So we want to make sure we are appropriately conservative in terms of estimating what the second half looks like and it looks flat. It looks worse from a small C&I standpoint.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: Could you just remind me what's your flexibility then as with respect to the rate case filing, on volumes?
Gale Klappa: We are very early in the rate case process. In fact, hearing dates have not yet been set, so there will be plenty of time over the course of the next four to five months as testimony is prepared, as rebuttal is put in, and as hearings take place, for us to refine our forecast and we would expect exactly to do that. We just filed the case in March and we will know much more three or four months down the road as we see more of what's happening in the real world and in the economy. So, we will refine our numbers in the rate case as we move forward and the process gives us plenty of opportunity to do so.
Operator: (inaudible) of Wisconsin, please state your question. 
Unidentified Analyst: We're just talking about the rate requests. I missed the amounts that you mentioned before for the requests you are asking for?
Gale Klappa: Okay. I'll be happy to go over that again for you. Get back to the page where we have listed each one of them. [Dan], we made the filing on March 13, on our normal cycle with the Wisconsin Commission. For the electric business a $76.5 million or 2.8% increase, for Wisconsin Gas, $38.9 million or a 4.6% increase, for the gas operations of Wisconsin Electric, $22.1 million or a 3.6% increase, and then we have two small steam utilities, and for the two steam utilities $2.7 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Then as far as your request to change the fuel recovery for the declines that you've seen, will that go into effect sooner or when do you expect to see the impact from that part?
Gale Klappa: In fact, Dan it's already in effect. We filed right at the end of April for a fuel cost reduction going forward. So reduction in the fuel cost recovery rate. The Commission acted with more speed and turned that request around and the new lower fuel recovery rates went into effect, May 1.
Allen Leverett: So we filed April 27, I believe and the new rates went in May 1 for fuel.
Unidentified Analyst: I was curious looking at the income statement. It looks like the other O&M was down about $35 million. What was driving that decline?
Allen Leverett: In terms of O&M, and unfortunately, it's not a very simple story; if you adjust we had a one time amortization of a regulatory asset in the first quarter of last year. So if you adjust for that that was about $44 million. So if you adjust for that, O&M was actually up about $25 million. But then, when you look at that $25 million, $15 million of that $25 million was associated with the increased amortization costs that I talked about. Of that $15,million roughly half was related to transmission, half was related to amortization of the [PTF] costs, and then the other $10 million was related to just O&M that was sprinkled throughout the business that was really no one big category that was driving that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Day-to-day O&M was almost flat.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I was curious on the Bechtel. I think I asked you last time, if you had gotten any sort of breakdown as to the various claims, and how much was related to each one. Have you been able to obtain that information from Bechtel yet? And if so, are you able to share that with us?
Gale Klappa: Good question, Dan. At this point there has been no additional breakdown of the elements of the claim.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then the last thing I was curious about is kind of related to, looks like you have about $800 million of short term debt, and so, I was curious, is that draws on your bank line or is that CP, or what's that?
Allen Leverett: It's commercial paper, Dan. And at this point, my financing plan for 2009 wouldn't call for any permanent or term financing at the holding company. The plan does call for about $250 million worth of term financing at Wisconsin Electric Power Company. And then what I would expect to do in calendar 2010, or late this year, essentially coincident with the in service date of the coal plant is do the permanent financing for the coal plants. That would be around $900 million if you put the two units together. So essentially, that $900 million will be used to pay-off short-term debt at the holding company. This year, expect a very modest amount of term financing, only about $250 million and that of the utility.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: You are welcome. And the bank lines are undrawn. Operator, do we have any other questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) [Julian Vermilion-Smith] with UBS. Please state you question.
Julian Vermilion-Smith - UBS: Just wanted to follow-up, last year you guys had talked a bit about potential legislation in Wisconsin and adjusting the fuel clause. Any updates on that front?
Gale Klappa: Very good question. The Wisconsin Commission does believe they need some legislative change to make it clear that they have the authority to change the administrative operation of the fuel. There is some discussion that the administration will have a complete energy package, a state energy package that would be presented to the legislature later this year. We believe that if the administration does follow through with an energy package piece of legislation that provides fuel rules or at least the authority for the Commission to change the fuel rules administratively would be in that package. There is also some discussion about potentially having a separate line item in the Governor's budget bill that might give the authority to the Commission to administratively change the fuel rules. So everything is in a bit of a state of flux as you can imagine, as the legislature is in a session, but if I were a betting man, I would say that before the end of the year, there would be something in front of the state legislature to clarify the Commission's authority to essentially change administratively the operation of the fuel rules.
Julian Vermilion-Smith - UBS: Thank you. From that regard, would you assume that going forward in 2010 say, in that time frame, the rules would be adjusted? Would there be sort of a sufficient amount of time for the Commission to come back and make that change official?
Gale Klappa: I believe there would be. There would be time so that for the calendar year 2010 we would be all operating under revised fuel rules.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time. I will turn the conference back over to Mr. Klappa for any additional or closing remarks.
Gale Klappa: Well that concludes our conference call for today. We appreciate you taking part. If you have any additional questions, don't hesitate to call Colleen Henderson in our Investor Relations office and her number is 414-221-2592. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klappa - Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Allen Leverett - Chief Financial Officer Rick Kuester - President & Chief Executive Officer of Regeneration James Fleming - Executive Vice President, General Counsel Jeff West - Treasurer Steve Dickson - Controller
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research Ted Hine - Catapult Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Reza Hatefi - Unidentified Company Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin
Operator: Thank you for holding ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s conference call to review 2008 year-end results. This conference is being recorded to rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its 2008 year-end results at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa: Carlene, thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining us on our conference call to review the company’s 2008 year-end results. Before we proceed with our normal format, let me just mention one very quick thing that some of you may have heard on the news within the last two hours. Apparently at about 11 O’clock this morning, we had an explosion in the coal handling area of the Oak Creek Power Plant. Now, this area is where the coal trains are unloaded. The facilities are new, but the facilities are operational, so not under construction. We had contract workers in making some repairs in that area and apparently this is an area where coal dust can build up and apparently we had an explosion. From what we’ve learned so far from the site, there are approximately five injuries, we believe that four maybe critical. The situation at the site is stabilized, the plants are continuing to operate the existing Oak Creek units are continuing to operate. This area is relatively far away from the power block of the new constructions for the two new units, but we wanted to make you aware of the incident that occurred at about 11 O’clock this morning. Let me begin, our call as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of Regeneration; Allen Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, General Counsel; Jeff West, our Treasurer and Steve Dickson, our Controller. Allen, of course will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our new release this morning, we’ve reported earnings per share from continuing operations of $3.03 for 2008, this compares with $2.84 a share for 2007. While we did see a decline in sales of electricity to our commercial and industrial customers because of the slowdown in the economy, our 2008 earnings were boosted by our power of the future investment in the newest generating unit at Port Washington, by the strong customer demand for natural gas during the cold winter months in 2008 and by effective cost controls across our business. Overall, I’m very pleased with our performance. With customer satisfactions and network reliability to progress on our power of the future plan, the company made great strides during the year and in a tough economy, we posted solid financial results. Now I’d like to touch briefly on the impact of the economic climate is having on our service area. Generally, our region has a well-diversified industrial and commercial base, which tends to help mitigate the impact of economic downturns. However, in this economy, we’re seeing three sectors that have been dramatically affected, primary metals such as foundries and specialty steel companies, automotive and automotive part production and paper production led by declines of these three sectors, our electricity sales to large commercial and industrial customers declined by 9% in the fourth quarter, as compared with fourth quarter of 2007. At this point though, based on what we’ve seen in January, we don’t see a need to modify our 2009 sales forecast that we provided you in December. As you would expect, we’re also seeing a slight increase in past due receivables. You may remember; that we currently have some protection in Wisconsin, because we use escrow accounting for any residential bad debt above the level currently collected in rates. We’re actively monitoring also our past due accounts and we’re working with customers on payment plans. On a more positive note, we expect to see at least a 10% increase in state and federal energy assistance dollars for our residential customers this year. Now, I’ll spend just a moment on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our power of the future plan is fundamental with the principal of energy self sufficiency. Key components of our focus on self sufficiency, include investing in two combined cycle gas-fire units in Port Washington, North of Milwaukee, the construction of two super-critical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, which is South of the city and building a significant amount of renewable generation. As we’ve discussed on previous calls, all units at Port Washington in our complete and in service. Instructions was finished on time and on budget, the units are among the most efficient in the Midwest market, they are operating well and our customers are now benefiting from the low price of natural gas that fuel these units. Let me turn now to the status of the two new coal-fired units at Oak Creek. As you may recall in last summer, we have the two other owners of the expansion units at Oak Creek reached an agreement with Clean Wisconsin and Sierra Club. The groups that had been actively opposing a water intake permit for the plant. Under the settlement agreement, the environmental groups withdrew their opposition, just brought to a close the ongoing litigation and administrative challenges to the permit. Few months later, the deadline past for any appeals of the water intake permit, so all litigation matters regarding the permits of the Oak Creek expansion are resolved. On the construction front, based on Bechtel’s revised schedule Unit 1 and the common facilities were at 85% complete at the end of December and Unit 2 was approximately 37% complete. Bechtel continues to target commercial operation of Unit 1 by the end of this year, by the end of 2009 and Unit 2 by the end of August of 2010. Progress this winter has improved versus last winter, in part because many of the critical buildings are enclosed and largely projected from the weather. Progress on Unit 1 is gradually shifting now from constructions to commissioning. In fact, the numbers of the systems are already in start-up phase and I’m really pleased to report that the cooling water intake system was placed in the commercial services just few days ago on January 18. This means we’re drawing water through the tunnel supplying it to the four existing units of Oak Creek site. Of course the tunnel will also supply cooling water to the new units when they go operational. Since our last call, we’ve also successfully unloaded limestone at the site using the newly build dock equipment and storage facilities. We’ve also taken delivery of our first train load of the two unit’s coal, which will be used to commission the new units. Most time critical activities remain in the power block at the Oak Creek, it was also focused on completing the air quality control equipment and the duct work to allow first fire-on-gas to occur this summer. We’re also working on the air, water, chemical and lubrication systems of our essential to be operation of the plant. Despite the schedule delay, we’re pleased with the progress being made at the site. Of course, as we told you on December, Bechtel filed a formal claim seeking relief under the contract. Bechtel deciding a number of factors that they believe have caused a change in the schedule. The factors include weather conditions in the two most recent winters, heavy rains this past spring and what Bechtel believes to be changes in local labor conditions. The claims for schedule and cost relief related to these factors totaled $413 million. Bechtel also stated its belief that the weather events constitute a force majeure. Now, we don’t believe there is a contractual basis for some of the claims that Bechtel has submitted. For example, we disagree that Bechtel is entitled to either cost or schedule relief as a result of the alleged changes in the local labor market. Bechtel also filed a $72 million claim for the alleged effects of changes and delays prior to the issuance of the full notice to proceed with construction in July of 2005. We believe this claim is without merit and as Bechtel was fully compensated for any and all impacts of the delayed start. Finally, Bechtel have asked for six months of relief from liquidated damages, beyond the September 29, 2009 guarantee date for Unit 1 and the three months of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2010 date for Unit 2. We’re reviewing the claims; we’ve asked Bechtel for additional information. We expect the claims to be a resolved through the contracts formal dispute resolution process. If we’re not able to reach agreement in non-binding mediation, we will move to binding arbitration, which is called for under the contract. Now, as we assess these developments, I believe there are several key points to keep in mind; first, we’re still recovering carrying costs associated with the construction of these units. So, under the terms of the lease agreements, between Wisconsin Electric and W.E. Power, we are recovering based on a mix of debt and equity, our capital carrying costs as construction continues on the Oak Creek Project. We’re allowed to recover our carrying costs up to the total budget for the project, that’s been approved by Wisconsin Commission. So we believe our ability to recover cash carrying costs should be largely unaffected by the slight in the construction schedule. I would also like repeat the point I made last fall, about the ultimate recovery of any potential cost increases. We believe that we have several important layers of protection for recovery of our costs. For example, to conclude that an additional cost is not ultimately recoverable, we would have to believe that the cost will not qualify for recovery under at least four opportunities. First, that the remaining contingency in the project is not sufficient to offset the cost. Second; that the cost would fall outside the 5% band that that the commission has deemed as reasonable or prudent costs above the approved amount for the project. Third; that the cost was not caused by a force majeure event as defined by the lease agreements. And finally, after an opportunity to demonstrate prudency that the costs would be ultimately deemed to be improved. One more important point, liquidated damaged payments will be due from Bechtel on Unit 1, unless it is determined at any days that maybe granted for weather release, equal or exceed the delays in the schedule. As we move forward, we will continue to provide updates to you on any major developments with the claims through our SEC filings and on our regularly scheduled calls. I’ll turn now to the subject of renewables. The state of Wisconsin as you will recall has enacted a renewable portfolio standard that increases from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standards sets targets for each of the utilities using an historical baseline, using that baseline approximately 8.5% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in the year 2015. Meeting the aggressive 2015 targets will require several additional projects. Of course, with the completion of our Blue Sky Green Field Wind Farm in 2008, we took a major step toward meeting Wisconsin’s goal to reduce its carbon footprints, with a total of 88 turbines, each with a capacity of 1.65 megawatts. Blue Sky Green Field is the largest wind farm to-date in Wisconsin. It was completed last year under budget and ahead of schedule. To continue on a path of carbon reduction, we exercised an option with FPL Energy and acquired in excellent wind site in East Central Wisconsin in Colombia County. In October of last year, we filed for our approval to build our newest wind project, which is called the Glacier Hills Wind Park. The public service commission deemed our application to be complete just a few days ago on January 27. So, the commission’s 180-day review period has now begun. The site can accommodate between roughly 130 and 200 megawatts of new capacity, depending on the final layout and the turbine equipment that we select. The first full-year of operation for Glacier Hills is expected to be 2012 and just a reminder of that construction is also underway on a major upgrade of the air quality control of the existing coal-fired units at Oak Creek. We expect the cost of this facility will be roughly $885 million including allowance for funds used during construction with the instillation of wet flue gas de-sulfurization and selected catalytic reduction facilities. These controls should be completed in 2012. As we look ahead, we expect to file a general rate case on our normal cycle for our Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas utilities in the first half of this year. The rate cases as you recall in Wisconsin are based on forward-looking test periods. Hearings should take place this fall and we would expect that new retail rates would go into effect in January of 2010. Finally last December, our Board of Directors approved a new dividend policy for Wisconsin Energy’s common stock. Our new policy as you recall provides for an annual dividend of $1.35 a share in 2009, which is a 25% increase over the dividend in 2008. Our policy also targets a dividend pay out ratio of 40% to 45% of earnings in each year from 2009 through 2011 and 45% to 50% after 2011. The first quarterly dividend for 2009, which was declared by our Board a few days ago will be payable on March 2, at a rate of $33.75 a share. Now I will turn the call over to Allen, who will give you more details on our financial performance for 2008. Allen.
Allen Leverett : Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our 2008 year-end earnings from continuing operations were $3.03 per share. I will focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the year and discuss our earnings guidance for 2009. Now, you may want to refer to page seven of the earnings package as I make my remarks. Our consolidated operating income in 2008 was $661 million as compared to $629 million in 2007 or an increase of $32 million. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $582 million, a decrease of $4 million versus the last year. Before I discuss the primary drivers, I would like to remind you of a couple developments that caused significant changes in individual items in the income statement. First, in September of 2007 we sold our Point Beach Nuclear Plant and entered into a long-term power purchase agreement with the new owner. Since, we no longer own Point Beach, our results in 2008 did not include operating or maintenance costs related to this facility nor did we incur any depreciation of the commissioning costs associated with plant. Of course, our fuel and purchase power cost increased as a result of the power purchase agreement we now have. Our income statement in 2008 reflected $488 million related to the amortization of the gain on the Point Beach sale. The amortization included a one-time refund of $62.5 million to our wholesale customers, a one-time amortization of $85 million offsets certain regulatory assets and the balance related to bill credits that were provided to our Wisconsin Electric retail customers in Wisconsin and Michigan. I would like to briefly expand on this item. The January 2008, Wisconsin rate order resulted in about a 17% increase electric rates. This increase was needed to recover higher costs associated with transmission expense and environmental expenditures as well as the lease payments in O&M costs associated with our new power plants and our continued investment in renewables. However, our customers as a group saw only about a 3% rate increase in 2008 rate order, as the balances is being funded through bill credits from the gain on the sale of Point Beach. In 2009, we expect the bill credits will total approximately $242 million. While we look at the bill credits as a form of revenue, GAAP requires us to report the bill credits as part of the amortization of the gain, because we’re collecting the cash from the restricted cash accounts and not from customers. As we have previously discussed, once all the Point Beach gain has been returned to customers, the full 17% increase will be paid by customers and at that point reflected in operating revenues. With this as background, I would like to address the primary drivers in our utility operating income for 2008. First, price increases to our retail and wholesale customers resulted in $165 million increase in revenues. The conversion of the Point Beach Nuclear Plant for being an asset owned by Wisconsin Electric to an owned by FPL Energy with an associated power purchase agreement, reduced operating income $116 million. Additional planned operations and maintenance expenses at our power plants decreased operating income $37 million. All other factors in this segment reduced operating income to net $16 million. Operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which primarily includes We Power, was up $41 million. The key drivers of this increase were a full years earnings contribution from the new coal handling facility at the Oak Creek expansion, which was placed into service in October of 2007 at a cost of approximately $175 million and a partial year of earnings contribution from Unit 2 at Port Washington, which was placed into service in May of 2008. Corporate and other affiliates had an operating loss of $10 million in 2008, compared to an operating loss of $5 million from 2007. This decrease was primarily related to reduce real estate sales during 2008. In the future, we project to have only slight operating losses in this area, as we expect to have minimal business operations in this segment. Taking the changes for each of these segments together brings you back to the $32 million increase in operating income for 2009. During 2008, earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company decreased $9 million. Other income declined $33 million because of lower carrying costs on regulatory assets. These regulatory assets are now component of rate base, so the carrying costs are included in revenues rather than other income. Total interest expense was down $14 million; although we do have higher gross interest expense because of increased debt levels associated with our construction programs. Our gross interest expense was reduced by lower short-term interest rates and higher capitalized interest. Consolidated income tax expense increased by approximately $1 million because of higher pretax earnings. Our effective tax rate for 2008 was 37.7%, compared to 39.1% last year. I expect that our effective tax rate in 2009 will be between 35% and 37%. Combining all of these items brings you to $358.6 million of net income from continuing operations for 2008 for earnings of $3.03 per share. During 2008, we generated $737 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is up $205 million from the same period in 2007. This increase was primarily driven by higher cash earnings as a result of better recovery of regulatory assets and reduced cash taxes. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $1.82 billion. The adjusted number includes the $345 million of cash impact from the bill credits and the one-time amortization of the gain. Under GAAP, the cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change in restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity, but from a management standpoint, we consider this as a source of cash as it directly relates to the bill credits and the one-time amortization. We plan to provide both GAAP and adjusted measures of cash flow as long as the bill credits continue. We believe the adjusted measure is more representative of the company’s ability to generate cash from operations for two reasons. First, the customer credits are being funded from the proceeds of the Point Beach sale that are set aside in a restricted cash account and second, once all of the Point Beach proceeds have been returned to customers, our prices and hence customer bills will reflect the full cost of electricity without any credits. During 2008, we completed nearly $1 billion in long-term debt financings. The proceeds were used to provide long-term financing for Port Washington Unit 2, as well as to reduce short-term debt balance into both Wisconsin Energy and the operating companies. These offerings largely mitigate the need for long-term debt offerings in 2009, and allowed us to fund a $289 million contribution for our pension plans and other post employment benefit trusts in January of this year. Looking to 2010, we expect to complete nearly $900 million in long-term financing in We Power in connection with the completion of the new units at Oak Creek. On a consolidated basis, we have approximately $1.6 billion of available undrawn credit facilities that expired in March and April of 2011. Our commercial paper balances at the end of 2008 were approximately $600 million on a consolidated basis. This balance is well within the limits of our credit facilities. The Commercial Paper at the Wisconsin Energy level is primarily being used to provide construction financing for the Oak Creek Units, while the Commercial Paper at the operating utilities is used to provide working capital. Now I would like to move on to a discussion of capital expenditures in 2008. Our total capital expenditures were approximately $1.1 billion in 2008, about $607 million of this was dedicated to our utility businesses and $529 million was from generating units being constructed as part of our Power the Future plan. In 2009, we expect to spend between $825 million and $875 million of capital to support our Power the Future construction program, additional wind generation and ongoing utility infrastructure improvements. At the $825 million level, we will about $10 million below our previous forecast of 2009 capital spending. We also paid $126 million in common dividends in 2008. On a GAAP basis, our debt-to-capital ratio was 58.5% as of December 31 and we were at 55.4% on an adjusted basis. This is essentially flat compared to our December 31, 2007 levels of 58.6% and 55.3% adjusted. The adjusted amounts treat half of our $500 million in hybrid securities as common equity, which is the approach used by the majority in the rating agencies. I would expect our debt-to-capital ratio to increase slightly as of December 31, 2009 as compared to December 31, 2008. Our goal remains to maintain our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio at no more than 60% during the period we’re constructing our new coal-fired generation. We’re using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401(k) plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. As we discussed on our last conference call, given market returns in 2008, we expected to make significant contributions to the trust that find our pension and other post employment benefits. I expect that our FAS 87 pension expense will be about $22 million, which is roughly the level as compared to last year. Now, I would like to wrap things up with the discussion of earnings guidance for 2009, as well as the first quarter. Our 2009 earnings guidance remains in the range of $3.5 to $3.15 per share that was provided in our press release last December. We expect the primary earnings drivers in 2009 to be as follows. A negative impact of the downturn in the economy, continued implementation of our Power the Future plan, including a full-year earnings contribution from the second unit at Port Washington and the water system at Oak Creek and an increased earnings contribution from our investment in ATC. The full-year earnings contribution from the second unit at Port Washington and water system at Oak Creek should add $0.11 per share. I estimate that the downturn in the economy will reduce earnings about $0.15 per share net of the O&M actions we have taken in response. An increase in the earnings contribution from ATC and other small items should add a total of $0.06 per share. Combining these factors brings you to a year-over-year increase of $0.02 per share. So, staring at $3.03 per share in 2008 plus $0.02 brings you the low end of our $3.5 to $3.15 guidance range for 2009. You will note that I did not mention electric fuel cost recovery as a variable driving our estimated range of earnings this year. At this point, our expectation is that we will be in a fully recovered position in 2009, which is where we ended up in 2008. Essentially, the increase in the cost of coal is expected to be offset by the substantial drop in natural gas and diesel fuel prices that have occurred in the past few months. We expect a total earnings contribution of $0.39 per share from our Power the Future program in 2009. This includes a full calendar year contribution from the two units at Port Washington as well as the water and coal handling systems at Oak Creek. We will not be giving specific quarterly earning guidance, but consistent with our past practice, I will provide you some input on what we expect in terms of the distribution of earnings within the year. As we discussed in the past, our fuel recoveries have a significant impact on our quarterly earnings. Last year, we were in under-collected position in the first quarter and in July. We received relief for higher rates to cover the increased fuel costs. During 2009, we expect to be in an over-collected position for the first quarter because of the significant decline in natural gas prices. In addition to 2008, we did not receive the benefit of earnings on our Port Washington unit until it went into service at May of 2008. This year we will benefit from earnings in all four quarters. So, with that I will turn the things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa : Allen, thank you very much. As you can tell from report we had a very solid year both operationally and financially. We are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: When I try to think about the rate filling that you are going to make in the first half of this year, you use a forward test here, correct?
Gale Klappa : It would be a two-year forward-looking test year.
Greg Gordon – Citi Investment Research: So we’ll be looking at sort of 2010 average rate base.
Gale Klappa : Well again, two-year forward-looking test years, so we would look at 2010 and 2011 at 2010 and 2011 rate base.
Greg Gordon – Citi Investment Research: Great and rate base includes, CapEx minus depreciation obviously, but plus does that also include any dollars that you put into the pension including that $289 million you put in January?
Gale Klappa: It’s meant to include the total capitalization of the company, Greg. So, to the extent that you invest in working capital, your inventories all that, a whole range of things to drive capitalization get included in the rate making formula.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: The point being that is, it’s seen as funds on which you ought to be allowed to recoup your investment?
Gale Klappa: That’s right.
Rick Kuester: It seen as part of the capital base of the company, that’s right.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Okay, I just wanted to make sure. Looking at where interest rates and equity risk premiums have gone over the last year, would it be your expectation that you be requesting a the higher return on equity in the case, same lower and how are you thinking about positioning for the case?
Gale Klappa: Greg, candidly, I don’t think we would be asking for a higher return on equity than we’re currently allowed. In part, I think we have to be in the commission would expect us to be sensitive to the economic climate. So, my sense is that at this stage of the game, again we haven’t put all the final pieces together yet for the filing, because that wont take place for a number of bunch yet. My sense is, we would stay at a request of a 1075 return on equity and that the big driver actually and if you look at where we’re at, about 83% of all the Power the Future costs are already reflected in rate decisions of the commission has already made. So, one of the drivers for this upcoming case, as we know bring these units into services will be the remaining carrying costs on our Power the Future investment, but I think you will see based on all of the things we’re doing in the company. I think you’ll see a pretty modest rate increase request.
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: Great and when did the Bill credits associated with the nuclear asset sale roll off?
Gale Klappa: Periodically, they would roll off in 2011
Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research: So, there is another year of them and to the…
Gale Klappa: About a full-year of them, no question about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fleishman - Catapult.
Ted Hine - Catapult: It’s actually Ted Hine. I just have a quick question. I think, Allen mentioned that the fuel recoveries, but also just on weather. Could you give us a feeling a sense of where you stand on at the end of ‘08 on actual benefits or hurt from weather and also on fuel recoveries?
Allen Leverett : Weather, Ted was almost a neutral, if you combine gas and electric together, cooling degree days were down in 2008 versus 2007. So, we had a cooler than normal summer, but then of course also a cooler than normal January and December of 2008. So, when you combine the two factors at a consolidated level, almost a neutral impact of weather.
Gale Klappa : Actually my wife says we had no summer, on this ride and just to break that down for Q4, we had a, a very cold December of 2008 very cold. In fact, based on the heating degree days, it was the second coldest December in about 19 years and our customers in December used 13% more natural gas than they did in December of 2007. So, Allen is actually right. Basically, our earnings were hurt by the cool summer, but it got cold in a hurry, but never warmed up, but it got cold in a hurry and really we had very, very strong consumer demand for natural gas in the fourth quarter and in particularly in December.
Allen Leverett : And in terms of fuel recovery Ted, I think you also were asking that question. For the year as a whole, at least as viewed by the shareholders were neutral on fuel recovery, and then we made a filing with the commission actually to refund approximately $8.5 million to customers associated with fuel recovery in 2008. So, shareholder fully recovered and I would say that customers will receive somewhere in the order of $8.5 million in refunds.
Gale Klappa : And that would be a one-time bill credit we would expect for the commission would act pretty quickly, probably have a one-time bill credits to customers in the range Allen talked about in February or early March.
Ted Hine - Catapult: And then just one last question on the fuel recovery. What was the actual under recovery, when we’re looking at the first quarter trying to do our earnings estimates for that? What was the actual under recovery in the first quarter of last year?
Allen Leverett: It’s about $15 million under recovered in the first quarter of ‘08.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys really two questions a little bit separate from each other. First of all, Allen when we think about major construction projects post Power the Future, I mean if you’ve got the South Oak Creek environmental retrofits and you have got the second winds plant construction? Can you talk a little bit about how much of the materials, the labor, the ENC contract. How much of that’s locked down versus how much is kind of open price change?
Gale Klappa: First of all on Oak Creek, what we call ourselves Oak Creek air quality control project. The commission is already approved that is under construction, engineering is almost complete and we have locked down virtually all of the costs. All the major equipment has been procured and as Rick is pointing out, the steel is also locked down in terms of the price and procurement. So, not much variability that we would expect other than we need to get appropriate labor productivity, but we are pretty well fixed in terms of the procurement and the costs related to the air quality controls at Oak Creek. Now on the other hand, Michael the Glacier Hills Wind project is in the earliest stages of review by the commission. So, we have not locked in any pricing as of yet.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay, so if the cost of wind turbines just kind of moving your way a little bit you’ll be able to be capture. Your customers will capture the benefit of the lower facility; it might have a slight impact on your forward rate base there.
Gale Klappa: That is absolutely correct.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Gale Klappa: The potential size of this wind farm, you could see that the investment cost of that wind farm being easily $500 million.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Right, understood, I mean what’s the in-service date needed?
Gale Klappa: We would want to bring Glacier Hills Wind during 2012.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: All 500 megawatts?
Gale Klappa: Preferably, actually at the end of 2011, so we’d have a full-year of service in 2012.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I’m sorry, I missed that. So, if it’s 500 megawatts breaking ground late this year?
Gale Klappa: 200 at the upper end about 200 megawatts and projecting around the cost of the fact size wind farm roughly $0.5 billion and then we would assuming the commission gives that go ahead in the timely fashion. We would strive to bring it in right of end of 2011, for our full-year of service in 2012.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Right because that gets you though to the, what is that I think the 8% required renewable portfolio outstanding?
Gale Klappa : Michael it doesn’t. It would get us with the other things we have in mind about 65% of the way there. We are also going to propose not in the next few months, but as we move forward and as actually as the renewable portfolio standard become clear, we’re going to propose adding some modest amount of slower and perhaps a 50 megawatts biomass land and then we’ll look and see where we are, but Glacier Hills does not get us to where we need to be by 2015. I think what we have on the table we can see how they get 65% of the way there.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, last item just on the pension contribution, Allen, can you state what the pension contribution was you made January and more importantly what you expect to make over the next one or two years?
Allen Leverett: Yes, the total contribution Michael was $290 million, $270 million of that, $290 million was for the pension trusts to fund the qualified pension benefits and then the remaining $20 million was for other post employment benefits, not related to pension, so things like retiree medical. Sitting here today, I can’t predict, today Michael what market returns if any will look like in 2009, but at this point, I wouldn’t expect to be making contributions in 2010 or ‘11. So, we will see what market returns are like this year.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Michael, I was looking forward to the Hard Rock in Vegas, but I think its going to be conference room in New York.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: You know third year in a row for the conference room in New York. I think I’ll tell you when I meet you for golf in Vegas one day.
Operator: Your next question comes from Reza Hatefi – [Unidentified Company].
Reza Hatefi - Unidentified Company.: Allen, you were mentioning some of the economic issues being offset by O&M cuts, could you quantify O&M increase or decrease year-over-year from 2008 to ‘09?
Allen Leverett: I would expect in terms of overall O&M. So, just take regulatory amortization, so the side rates you just look at what I would view as controllable O&M in the business. We see that being essentially flat. In fact, it might actually be down slightly in 2009 as compared to 2008. So, when I talked about the net $0.15 per share negative impact, I’m already netting out of that, originally what we might have expected to be some O&M increases, which now we’re not going to see those increases.
Gale Klappa: Reza two things, we have done which we haven’t discussed on the call, but we’ve talked about elsewhere. We have frozen officer salaries for 2009 and we have also put in place of limited hiring policy. We will not be replacing any non-critical positions and not hiring additional people other than what are needed for the Power the Future investments. We obviously need to train operations people and maintenance folks for the new Power the Future assets that are coming online. So, clearly we will be hiring in that area, but only operations critical positions will be replaced. So, pretty much a limited hiring freeze and the freeze in officer salaries in a lot of other of very intelligent cost reductions that we don’t believe will affect operational performance, but we’re taking a very hard look as are all companies and what we absolutely must spend in ‘09.
Reza Hatefi - Unidentified Company: Okay and pension I’m sorry, I missed that number. What is it, how much higher is it in ‘09 versus 2008?
Gale Klappa: That the FAS 87 expense is actually above level, I would expect at about $22 million. So, the $22 million away and I would say about $22 million in 2009, again that the FAS 87 expense.
Reza Hatefi - Unidentified Company: Okay, is the expected online time of the Oak Creek plant still the same as your previous guidance?
Rick Kuester: At the moment, Bechtel is still focusing and targeting on year-end 2009 for Unit 1 at the end of August 2010 for Unit 2. We will know, they’re making good progress, we will know a lot more is in terms of a specific in service dates. As we come out of this spring and get into early summer.  There are number of milestones that they are targeting to meet and we’ll have a much better feel probably by the end of June, but real likelihood of making me undergone ‘09, but I will say this in fact Rick and I, we’re talking about this just a few minutes ago and that progress has been made nowhere, the book-ends are reasonably clear as to when we could expect the units to come online, but so far, that is Bechtel’s continuing target, they are working toward it.
Reza Hatefi - Unidentified Company: Okay Allen, you’ve mentioned I think $0.39 guidance for Power the Future for 2009. How much that is associated with the $0.39?
Allen Leverett: Well, that’s an after-tax consolidated contribution Reza, from the four factors that I’ve mentioned our full-year earnings from Port Washington one, full-year from Port two, as well as the earnings on the water handling system and the coal handling system. So, that all after tax consolidated basis after bottom line.
Reza Hatefi - Unidentified Company: At the top your head, I know you have the optionality of issuing debt as per the debt ratio and agreement, but then you could also issue some back leverage so to speak that. I’m just wondering within that $0.39 calculation what the total debt is?
Gale Klappa: Well, I think the reasonable working assumption is that you look our consolidated capital structure, which at this point at least there is roughly 45% equity if you treat half of the hybrids as equity and half as debt, 45% equity, 75% debt on a consolidated basis. So, to your report Reza, the differential in the debt between the subsidiaries in holding company. In fact that back leverage brings 45, 55 capital structure and so when I quote $0.39 of share its levered on that basis 55% debt.
Reza Hatefi - Unidentified Company: Do you recall what the power of future earnings were in ‘07 and ‘08.
Allen Leverett: 2007 we only had one of the units at Port Washington, so each unit is on the order of $0.14 a share, so we probably have on the order of $0.14 share, Reza in 2007 and 2008 we would have half of years earnings from Port two, so add $0.07 or 14 gives you 21 and I believe we had about the 21 think about a nickel probably from the coal handling system so total with the $0.26 or 26, 27 somewhere in that range for 2008 and $0.11 to issue to 39 in the 2009
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc. Please state your question 
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Q4 guidance $0.72. I just wondering what the big drivers are that allowed $0.13.
Allen Leverett: We mention one thing we didn’t give fourth quarter guidance per se although we certainly back into we gave guidance for the year at 290 and one way to look at it essentially they were three positives that helped overcome the impact of the economy and lower electric sales and the positives are pretty simply one weather two weather three weather, no I am kidding. But, weather was a big factor as I mentioned earlier consumer demand for natural gas in December was off the charts. We have 13% increase in natural gas send out in December compared to December of year ago so weather was a big driver obviously we have the earnings that Allen mentioned in the Q4 of ‘08 from the operation of second unit at Port Washington that was in Q4’07. We had good fuel recoveries in good control and those things together offset to decline in Energy sales particularly to our large commercial and industrial customers. Yes, Paul the guidance that we gave early December with our press release when we reaffirmed the 290 that was based on I didn’t get have November results and as actually turned out; we had a pickup also in November from weather. So, just to reiterate what Gale is saying not only December weather, but we got a help from November weather better performance on O&M and then fuel also broke our way relative to the forecast that I had when we reaffirmed the guidance for the year early in December.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: What happened to fuel in the fourth quarter?
Rick Kuester: Well, in terms of fuel in the fourth quarter the figure that I have, we were essentially neutral. If we take cumulative for the three quarters Q1, Q2 and Q3 together for 2008, we were essentially in a neutral position going into the fourth quarter and we at least from the shareholders standpoint, remained in a neutral position and in fact built up that roughly $8.5 million over the recover balance, which we expect to return to customers as Gale mentioned earlier in the hopefully on February.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: But, you didn’t book that?
Rick Kuester: No, we didn’t book that, but again I took your question to be ones the differential between where you finally came in on the fourth quarter versus your financial plan or your forecast that you based your guidance on at December and honestly, when I did my guidance in December, I was still thinking that there was a chance that we could end up with under recovery.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: You still thinking 0-20 under recovery then?
Rick Kuester: No, I would say, going into the fourth quarter it could have been a couple million dollars under recovery. I certainly wouldn’t have expected a big one, but we didn’t see that and in fact we were neutral from a shareholders standpoint, if I understand your question.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And for Q’07 you were under recovery, correct?
Rick Kuester: Let say, let me go back herein the forecast that were my recollection and my under recovery that I can see in ‘07 is about $36 million under recovery in the fourth quarter of ‘07.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Kind of you gave an earnings walk, but you got us to 305, but you reiterating 305 to 315 where do we see the upside opportunities?
Allen Leverett: Well, the reason that I would step and I’m sticking at the 305 to 315, if you look at the differential between the 290 and the 303, while as we discussed that’s driven big factor is weather. So, at this point at least although January was cold, there are a lot of months to go in the year, so I wouldn’t want to step out there and say that weather for the year is going to be net adder versus the financial plan.
Gale Klappa: Although, a lot of moving parts and we’re working on all of them. So, we feel we can get some more in the and as Allen said, we have a pretty good feel for how to get to the 305 and we are working on the moving parts to see what we can do beyond that.
Allen Leverett: Yes, and on sales, as Gale mentioned in the script. Sitting here today, we don’t see a need to change the sales forecast outlook that we put out there in December, but being very candid results were kind of mixed in January. So, we are not changing our sales forecast, but the results were somewhat mixed in January. So, I think that’s still might potentially be a downside force we will see.  
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Was there pending fuel legislation in Wisconsin, has that been resolved? 
Gale Klappa : No, that has not yet been resolved. The Wisconsin Commission basically came to a conclusion that it changed in how the fuel recovery mechanism works in Wisconsin that any change in that mechanism would require legislative approval, and our latest understanding is that the commission and the governor will propose a legislative change sometime during 2009. Given the time it takes to get a bill through the legislature my guess is we will not see any change in the fuel rules for 2009. If there were to be change passed from the legislature probably would take effect to 2010.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Whatever they do I’m sure they are going to make it harder for us to figure out what’s going on into fuel because investors.
Gale Klappa : Well, wait the whole idea if there is a change would be make it more transparent and easier to administer. So, let’s hope you are on in that one. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital:  Sorry if you went over this already, but would you mind just repeating what the kind of annual expiration of the Point Beach credits are in over the next three years to 2010, ‘11 or ‘12 just of I’m trying to sense for what kind of built-in rate increase is there?
Gale Klappa : Allen is looking for the specifics, we will not have. So, there is no plan for the Point Beach credits to go into 2012.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Okay, so, it’s a roll-off in 2000, is there a roll-off in 2009 at all?
Gale Klappa : There is a step down
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Step down meaning great rates actually the customers see the smaller rate increase in 2009?
Gale Klappa : That’s correct and has seen a smaller rate increase. I think our, typical industrial customer probably saw in January about 1.3% to 1.5% rate increase, but to make a long story short and we will get you the numbers, the bill credits would step down in ‘09, step down again its 2010 there maybe some modest amount left in 2011 we will have to see.
Allen Leverett: Yes, if you look at retail. So, we are talking about Wisconsin and Michigan retail, It provided approximately $316 million in credits in 2008 and then in 2009, my expectation would be to provide roughly $240 million worth of credits. Again, to Wisconsin and Michigan retail. I do want to clarify one thing, Gale is exactly right. We would expect Wisconsin credits unless the commission decides to do it differently, we would expect Wisconsin credits to run through 2010 and 2011. Now the Michigan commission decided to give credits over 18 months so, I believe those started in November of ‘07.
Gale Klappa: So they’ll roll off before 2011.
Allen Leverett: Right, they will roll off in early 2010.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Do you have for the Wisconsin, what that kind of the 2009? I just want to trying to get sense for what the impact in 2010 will be relative to 2009 and Wisconsin from the roll off of credits?
Gale Klappa: I’m sorry, Steve, the impact on rates?
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: The impact on Wisconsin retail customers in 2000, like how much credits roll off in 2010 versus 2009?
Gale Klappa: That’s easy, essentially for the retail customers as a whole would be about a 3% increase from the step down to the Bill credits in 2009.
Allen Leverett: Steve, on wholesale, those guys got their one-time credit in 2008. So there are no credits to come from wholesale.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Okay, Gale, you commented on 2009, could you comment on 2010?
Gale Klappa: Regarding the price increase?
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Yes.
Gale Klappa: No, it would be roughly again based on data I have seen roughly another 3% rate increase.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Okay, is it possible that giving the decline in power prices and coal prices and gas prices that essentially rate increase could be offset by just the decline in the curve?
Gale Klappa: Well, if we see 450 gas in weak coal markets, it is entirely possible, but there could be another fuel price decrease coming our way in ‘09 and yes, it could a major offset to that 3% increase that took effect in January of this year. So, I have very good question and the answer is yes.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: When will you file your fuel clause, are you making a filing for 2009 on your fuel and purchase power rates or?
Gale Klappa: No, Steve, the way it works is a fuel recovery rate is set and unless we trip the bandwidth if you will plus or minus 2% recovery on an annual basis. So, unless you are going to over recover your projected fuel cost by more than 2% of under recover by more than 2%. Basically, the rate stays in affect with one exception and that is we had a special agreement with our commission last year that if we over recovered last year we would refund and that’s what Allen has mentioned about an $8.5 million refund that we filed to be able to provide the customers and hope to do so, with very shortly here.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Okay and then moving on to the sales work forecast. I take it you guys are in conversation with some of your large industrial customers, and given the trend you saw in the fourth quarter versus what you’ve guided to in terms of I think like 6% or so, decline in 2009. I guess it certainly implies some improvement or stabilization in the outlook during the year in 2009. Is that the case that’s what your customers are telling that you were kind of in the worst part of the decline right now and they expect to be using more power in the third or fourth quarter?
Allen Leverett: Well, based upon the interviews and just to be more specific, we have done interviews. I would say fairly structured interviews with roughly our top 100 customers and listening to what they’re saying, obviously they all have their own view and they’re in different sectors, but we would indicate that we would start to see a turnaround in electric sales into the third quarter of 2009, but of course, who knows if they are right or not, but if you look at what they’re telling us that certainly would imply. And Steve, what were doing right now, I’m getting weekly reports, since we have pretty much automated meters on all large customers. We can poll that the meters on a weekly basis at least and it’s a blunt instrument, but try to at lest to get a snapshot of what’s going on with key customers. So, that’s not to say that won’t get surprise, I mean we still may get surprised, but we are trying to get as much real time data we can to ascertain what’s going on and that’s certainly something that we will keep you all apprised of on our earnings calls, and one other Steve just to clarify what Gale was saying on the fuel, obviously we are filing a general rate case as he said and within the context of that general rate case, you will also file fuel information and you are filing all those work papers in the first half of this year, included with those work papers will be a forecast o fuel.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Great, so I guess on that point Allen from if we continue to have kind of a week gas and power price outlook that it seems like your O&M is relatively stable, you are not really increasing the CapEx, that much versus the current run rate. So, the real moving pieces are fuel and these bill credits and so, it seems like if we get a nice tail and from fuel it could actually result in a headline amount that shouldn’t be that bad for customers? Is that a fair way to think about it?
Gale Klappa: Yes, I think that’s a very fair way to think about it and one other point that Allen was alluding to, I really think the visibility that our customers have about there future markets and future orders is very limited right now. It’s interesting to see and we’ve practiced Allen said a lot of our large customers, I have looked at four or five virtually every other day and in one instance, one of our largest customers who gave us their input and what they’ve thought their usage and production would be in late November ramped 12% above what they thought they were going to do in January. In another instance, another large Wisconsin customer was dead on, but is now saying they’re not sure about February. So, I think that the visibility Steve is, just not great given where the economy is in the uncertainty, but I think the good news is, that the mixed results some better, some worse, but it came out in terms of what we were seeing for January for our largest customers on a composite basis about exactly where we thought it would.
Steve Gambuza - Longbow Capital: Finally, when will you file for the rate case?
Gale Klappa: Sometime in the first half of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities:  I wanted to just ask a question on the recovery of fuel. You’ve mentioned that in 2008, you agreed to give all over recovery back to customers. Is that the case in 2009 and if we have $4.50 gas will there potentially to be sent to shareholders? Or how does that work?
Gale Klappa: We had a special stipulation as you mentioned with the consumer groups and with the consumer groups and with the commission for 2008. The normal fuel rules will apply for 2009 and as I mentioned earlier, the normal fuel rules work off a bandwidth plus or minus your projected fuel recovery amount. So, depending upon how the fuel markets work and what our actual fuel costs are and actually it also what our actual MISO costs are in terms of purchase power. We will operate within that 2% bandwidth for 2009.
Nathan judge - Atlantic equities: Just as far as going back to your EPC contract to Bechtel and the negotiations going on there. Could you just give us an update on timing as you see at currently, I think you’ve mentioned some comments on the call, but could you be a bit more specific and give us more color on that, that will be appreciated, thank you.
Gale Klappa : We’ve covered in the early remarks, obviously the fact that Bechtel filed basically two major claims in late December and there is a very specific process laid out in the contract to resolve any disputes and essentially, if mediation and management discussions don’t work, then the contract calls to move to binding arbitration. We’re in the discussion mediation stage right now; I expect that will take a fair amount of time, just because of the modest data involved in the amount of data interchanged that’s needed and if that doesn’t work and we go to binding arbitration. I think we have estimated that the whole process to take 12 to 18 months. I’m looking at our correct legal council on each degree. That’s his best shot 12 to 18 months if we go to binding arbitration.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: First, I just wanted to verify, I think you said there is you have no plans to issue any debt in ‘09 is that right?
Gale Klappa : Dan I have no plans to issue any long-term debt. Obviously, we’ll continue to be an issuer of commercial paper and we’ll look at market conditions, if market conditions are good for utility long-term debt, say in the latter part of the year, say in late third, end of the fourth quarter, we may consider doing something with Wisconsin electric power company, but that the point that I was trying to make with my comments, we don’t have to do that. We’ve got some flexibility with the right conditions during this year. If we don’t like the conditions, we can wait until 2010.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay, on the Bechtel claims, I think you said it was $413 million, is that right?
Allen Leverett : Well, they’re essentially two large claims. The first one is 413 and second one is for 72 if my memory serves me right.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay, so the combined it’s like 485 then.
Allen Leverett : Yes, now that is on a total project basis and of course we have two co-owners that own roughly 15% of the facility. So, to judge any impact on Wisconsin Energy you basically take 485 and subtract 15%.
Allen Leverett : Which works out to be about $412 million.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin: How much is related to the labor market charges that you’ve mentioned I think you said you’re currently disputing that part?
Gale Klappa: Bechtel has not really broken out. Frankly, we have asked repeatedly for a detailed explanation of their belief of the cost they’ve incurred because of weather they could not have reasonably expected, but they have not in their claim broken out weather versus labor. So, I cannot give you a straight answer or a definitive answer on how much is labor and how is weather. We would like to have that information and we’re pressing for that as well.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin: Okay, so they have an itemized kind of different areas of dispute?
Gale Klappa: We think that’s something we definitely want to see.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin: Okay and then if I could just get a little more color on some of your large customers in the economy? Have you had any that have actually shutdown, I know in Janesville they had a big auto plant, I know that’s not in your service territory, but if you had any big customers that have actually shutdown that, probably wouldn’t comeback when the economy comes back?
Gale Klappa: The only one that really comes to mind and this was announced actually about 18 months ago. There is a major Delphi auto parts operation near Oak Creek that announced when Delphi, went into bankruptcy sometime in the past 18 months that they would be as part of the reorganization closing the Delphi plant, but that has really been closed to ideal now for six months to eight months. Beyond that, we’ve seen production cutbacks virtually across the board and as I mentioned most dramatically with primary metal companies like foundries and specialty steal operations, automotive and automotive products and paper, but beyond that and of course the loss of two large paper mills for the second half of last year that permanently closed. The Niagara and the Kimberly mills that were formally owned by Stora Enso in Eastern and Northern Wisconsin, those two mills have closed, but Delphi and those two mills is about yet, everything else is just kind of reduced production levels.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin: I was wondering on your O&M, it was up quite a bit both in the fourth quarter and year-to-date the other O&M. Is that related to maybe some reclassification due to Point Beach or is there other things going on there or what?
Gale Klappa: Allen will explain because there is a lot of moving parts because of the commission order and the recovery of regulatory assets and the amortization of the game. So, you really have to work your way through the pieces to get a clear picture.
Allen Leverett: Yes. In the right case Dan and when I say the rate case this would have been the case we filed in ‘07, new rates that we are in effect of beginning of ‘08 and we had increases in the [ATC Terra], PTF leads costs and then amortization and recovery of other deferred costs. If you take all those three together and that was about $263 million, which you would see in the O&M account. The other impact if you are looking at ‘08 versus ‘07 we had in effect a one-time recovery if you will of bad debt cost, which were $44 million in the first quarter of ‘08, that also runs through the O&M account. So, if you look at transmission PTF recovery of deferred costs essentially that was $307 million. Then we had increase in O&M it’s a power plants and delivery area that was $62 million so all that’s together $369 million. Then we have the nuclear units that come out. So, that’s $120 million in the other way and that gets you roughly $250 million increase in O&M. Steve, you had one other factor. 
Steve Dickson : Yeah Dan your question I thought also focused on the fourth quarter and if you remember last year, we sold the Point Beach plant in the fourth quarter. So, on an annual basis if you’re comparing O&M, as Allen said, we have these large increases for the regulatory items, but offsetting that was reduction in an O&M to the Point Beach. That lasted through the third quarter, but in the fourth quarter it’s comparable on Point Beach wouldn’t have that positive benefit as compared to the first three quarters. So, that’s one of the key factors on why the fourth quarter O&M looks even higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from Maurice May - Power Insights. 
Maurice May - Power Insights: Yes, actually Paul Ridzon asked both of my questions exactly and so thank you Paul
Gale Klappa : That’s concludes our conference call for today. Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you talking part. If you have any other questions Colleen Henderson is available in the Investor Relations office, her direct line 414-221-2592. Thank you again, good afternoon.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale E. Klappa – Chairman, Chief Executive. Officer, President Allen L. Leverett – Chief Financial Officer Frederick D. Kuester – Chief Operating Officer of Wisconsin Electric Power Company James Fleming – Executive VP, Gen. Counsel Jeff West – Treasurer Steve Dickson - Controller
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc Capital Markets Gary Lenhoff – Ironworks Capital [Ted Hine] - Catapult Capital [Steve Gambuzo] – Longboat Capital Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board Maurice May – Power Insights Alex Kania – Merrill Lynch [Paul Paterson] – Glenrock Associates Rick – Duff Capital Advisors
Operator: Thank you for holding for today's Wisconsin Energy's 2008 third quarter conference call. (Operator Instructions)
Colleen Henderson: Good afternoon and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's 2008 third quarter conference call. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management's expectations at the time they are made.  In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted.  This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen only mode at this time. After the presentation the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its 2008 third quarter results at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call.  Now I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation. 
Gale E. Klappa: Good afternoon everyone thank you for joining us on our conference call to review the company's 2008 third quarter results.  Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester President and CEO of WE Generation, Allen Leverett our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Fleming our General Counsel, Jeff West Treasurer and Steve Dickson our Controller.  Allen, of course, will review our financial results in detail in just a moment, but as you saw from our news release this morning, we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.65 a share in the third quarter of 2008. This compares with $0.70 a share last year. Earnings were down largely because of the shape of our power purchase payments for the energy we buy from the Point Beach Nuclear Units.  As we discussed in our last earnings call, the Power Purchase Agreement is designed to reflect the change in market prices that occur through the year and market prices are usually higher during the summer months. However, the $0.65 a share we're reporting is clearly better than our financial plan, in large part because of lower than expected costs for diesel and natural gas during the quarter.  Our service area has a well-diversified industrial base, which tends to help mitigate the impact of an economic downturn. However, in the quarter we did see a slight drop in electric sales and that has continued into October. The largest declines have occurred in two sectors where we've seen significant declines over the past several years, automotive and paper production.  At the same time, we've seen sales increases in other areas namely chemicals, mining and parts of the service sector. As you would expect, we're also experiencing a slight increase in past due receivables driven by a combination of higher prices and slower payments. Of course, we currently have some protection in Wisconsin since the residential bad debt that exceeds the level provided for in rates is deferred for future recovery. We're actively monitoring our past due accounts and working with customers on payment plans.  One other positive development, I would expect that energy assistance funds for our residential customers will increase by at least 10% for this heating season. We continue to see positive customer growth in our region, although at a slower pace than in previous years. At the end of September our customer count was one-half of 1% higher than a year ago.  And one other interesting statistic that I'd like to share with you, on the natural gas side of our business, conversions largely from propane, are accounting for more than a third of the customer growth on the gas distribution side. Now, I'd like to switch gears and spend just a moment with you on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our power of the future plan is fundamental to the principle of energy self-sufficiency.  The components of our focus on self-sufficiency include investing in two combined cycle gas fired units at Port Washington, north of Milwaukee, the construction of two supercritical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, which is south of the city, and our plans to build a significant amount of new renewable generation. Of course, both of the units at Port Washington are now in service. Construction was completed on time and on budget for both Unit 1 and Unit 2.  Now, let's turn to the status of the two new coal fired units at Oak Creek. As you may recall in late July, we and the other two owners of the expansion units at Oak Creek reached an agreement with Clean Wisconsin and the Sierra Club, the groups that had been actively opposing our water intake permit.  Under the settlement agreement, the environmental groups withdrew their opposition and this brought to a close the ongoing litigation and administrative challenges to the permit. In addition, to the deadline for appealing the water intake permit has now passed, so I can report to you that all litigation surrounding the permits for the Oak Creek expansion is resolved.  On the construction front, based on Bechtel's revised schedule of the Oak Creek project overall, was approximately 65% complete at the end of September. Unit 1 and the common facilities are 76% complete and Unit 2 is approximately 30% complete. Bechtel continues to make progress on the project.  Currently there are more than 2,700 workers on the site, and a significant milestone was achieved just last week with the successful completion of the hydrostatic test of the Unit 1 boiler. Progress also continues on the site for winterizing many of the structures including the Unit 1 boiler and turbine generator building to help minimize the impact of the upcoming winter.  As we discussed on our last call, Bechtel is forecasting that completion of Unit 1 and the common facilities will be delayed by three months beyond the guaranteed in-service date of September 29, 2009. Bechtel also advised us, as we reported last time, that they expect Unit 2 to be completed one month earlier than the guaranteed in-service date of September 29, 2010. So, assuming Bechtel maintains its current forecast Unit 1 and the common facilities would begin commercial operation at the end of December 2009, Unit 2 would be in service at the end of August 2010.  Bechtel is citing a number of factors that they believe have caused a change in the schedule. The factors include weather conditions in the two most recent winters, heavy rains this past spring and what Bechtel believes to be changes in labor conditions. Bechtel is still analyzing the impact of these factors. They have advised us that they expect to submit claims for schedule and cost relief by the end of this year.  We don’t believe there is a contractual basis for some of the claims that Bechtel may submit. For example, we disagree that Bechtel is entitled to cost or schedule relief as a result of changes in the labor market. To address this and other issues, we have invoked the contract dispute resolution clause. The first step called for management meetings to see if we could reach a resolution.  This step has been completed and we were unable to resolve our differences with Bechtel. So the next step is nonbinding mediation followed by binding arbitration, if necessary. Obviously it's not possible at this stage to provide you with any specifics on what the financial impact of any claims by Bechtel could be, however, I believe there are several key points to keep in mind.  The first relates to the impact of the in-service dates on our reported earnings for 2009 and 2010. As I mentioned on our last call, we estimate that a one-month movement in the in-service date for Unit 1 would result in a change of $0.03 a share in earnings. A one-month movement for Unit 2 has a somewhat smaller impact and we estimate this to be $0.02 per share.  So, for example, if Bechtel's forecast of a three-month delay for Unit 1 comes to pass, our earnings in 2009 as we've reported to you previously would be reduced by $0.09 a share compared to what they otherwise would have been. If Bechtel's forecast of the one-month earlier finish for Unit 2 comes to pass, then our earnings in 2010 would increase by $0.02 a share.  Of course, the ultimate earning power of the assets in 2011 and beyond is unaffected by the specific dates that the units will be placed in service in 2009 and 2010. The next key point relates to cash flow. Under the terms of the lease agreements between Wisconsin Electric and WE Power we are recovering, based on a mix of dead-end equity our capital carrying costs as construction continues on the Oak Creek project and we're allowed to recover our carrying costs up to the total budget for the project that has been approved by the Wisconsin Commission.  So, while reported earnings in 2009 and 2010 would be affected slightly by a change in the in-service dates, our ability to recover cash carrying costs should be largely unaffected. I would also like to repeat the point I made last quarter about the ultimate recovery of any potential cost increases. We have several important layers of protection. To conclude that an additional cost is not ultimately recoverable, you would have to believe that the costs would not quality for recovery under at least four opportunities that are clearly outlined in the Commissions' order. First, that the remaining contingency in the project is not sufficient to offset the cost. Second, that the cost would fall outside the 5% bandwidth that the Commission has deemed to be reasonable for prudent costs above the approved amount for the project; third, that the cost was not caused by a force majeure event as defined by the lease agreements.  Finally, after an opportunity to demonstrate prudency that the cost would be ultimately deemed improved. So, although we’ve not received any detailed claims or resolved the disputed issues, we believe we have significant layers of protection in place. Of course, we will provide you with any updates on major developments in our SEC filings and in our scheduled earnings calls. Now as you know Wisconsin has in place a renewable portfolio standard that increases from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at the state-wide level. The standard set targets for each of the utilities using an historical baseline. Using that baseline, approximately 8 1/2% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. Meeting the aggressive 2015 target will, of course, require several additional projects. With the completion of our Blue Sky Green Field wind farm on May 19th, we took a major step toward meeting Wisconsin’s goal to reduce its carbon footprint. With a total of 88 turbines, each with a capacity of 1.65 megawatts, Blue Sky Green Field is the largest wind farm to date in the state of Wisconsin. It was completed under budget and ahead of schedule.  To continue on a path toward carbon reduction we have recently completed the acquisition of a new wind site located in Columbia County in East Central Wisconsin about 45 miles from Madison. We signed an option to buy this site from FPL Energy in conjunction with the sale last year of our Point Beach Nuclear plant.  And this week we filed for approval to build the new wind project which is called the Glacier Hills Wind Park. We expect the site to accommodate between 100 and 200 megawatts of new capacity depending on the final layout and the turbine equipment that we select. The permitting process is scheduled to begin later this year and the first full year of operation is expected to be 2012 
 : The Commission subsequently denied the petition for reconsideration from the two groups who opposed this environmental upgrade and we expect the new controls to be completed in 2012. One other note, yesterday afternoon we were notified that Wisconsin Energy stock will be included in the S&P 500 index and that inclusion will be effective after the close of trading on Thursday. And finally, Wisconsin Energy has once again been recognized for excellence in corporate governance. For the fifteenth consecutive time we’ve received a perfect 10 the highest possible score from Governance Metrics International in that agency’s latest evaluation. Wisconsin Energy is one of only four companies worldwide that have been consistently rated a 10 by GMI.  Our board of directors have clearly established high standards for how we manage our company and conduct our business, and GMI’s independent review confirms that Wisconsin Energy ranks among the best in the world in our corporate governance practices. Now I’ll turn the call over to Alan, who will give you more details on our financial performance for the third quarter of 2008. 
-: The Commission subsequently denied the petition for reconsideration from the two groups who opposed this environmental upgrade and we expect the new controls to be completed in 2012. One other note, yesterday afternoon we were notified that Wisconsin Energy stock will be included in the S&P 500 index and that inclusion will be effective after the close of trading on Thursday. And finally, Wisconsin Energy has once again been recognized for excellence in corporate governance. For the fifteenth consecutive time we’ve received a perfect 10 the highest possible score from Governance Metrics International in that agency’s latest evaluation. Wisconsin Energy is one of only four companies worldwide that have been consistently rated a 10 by GMI.  Our board of directors have clearly established high standards for how we manage our company and conduct our business, and GMI’s independent review confirms that Wisconsin Energy ranks among the best in the world in our corporate governance practices. Now I’ll turn the call over to Alan, who will give you more details on our financial performance for the third quarter of 2008. 
Allen L. Leverett: As Gale mentioned earlier, our 2008 third quarter earnings from continuing operations was $0.65 per share. I will focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the year-to-date and update our earnings guidance for the full year.  Our consolidated operating income was $139 million as compared to $153 million in the third quarter of 2007, a decrease of $14 million. Operating income at our utility energy segment totaled $113 million, a decrease of $24 million versus last year. Now before I discuss the primary drivers, I would like to remind you of a couple of developments that caused significant changes in individual items in the income statement. First, in September of 2007, we sold our Point Beach Nuclear Plant and entered into a long-term Power Purchase Agreement with the new owner. Since we no longer own Point Beach our results this year do not include operating or maintenance costs related to the facility, nor do we incur any depreciation or decommissioning costs associated with the plant.  Of course, our fuel and purchase power costs this year have increased as a result of the Power Purchase Agreement we now have. Also, as we mentioned in our quarterly conference calls this year, we expect to see a different quarterly distribution of costs and earnings this year as a direct result of the Power Purchase Agreement.  Our income statement this quarter reflects $157 million of gained amortization relating to the gain of the Point Beach sale that is being used for the benefit of our customers. This includes a one-time refund of $62.5 million to our [first] wholesale customers, with the remainder issued in the form of bill credits to our Wisconsin Electric retail customers.  I would now like to briefly expand on this item. The January 2008 Wisconsin rate order resulted in about a 17% increase in electric rates. This increase was needed to recover higher costs associated with transmission expense and environmental expenditures, as well as the lease payments and O&M costs associated with our new power plants and our continued investment in renewable.  However, our customers as a group have seen only about a 3% rate increase in 2008 from this rate order as the balance is being funded through bill credits from the gain on the sale of Point Beach. While we look at the bill credits as a form of revenue, GAAP requires us to record the bill credits as part of the amortization of the gain because we are collecting the cash from the restricted cash account and not from customers.  As we have previously discussed, once all the Point Beach gain has been returned to customers, the full 17% increase will be paid by customers and at that point reflected in operating revenues. But, this is background. I would like to address the primary drivers in our utility operating income for the third quarter of 2008. First, price increases to our retail and wholesale customers resulted in a $57 million increase in revenues. However, the mild weather in the quarter reduced operating income $13 million. In addition, the conversion of the Point Beach Nuclear Plant from being an asset owned by Wisconsin Electric to one owned by FPL Energy with an associated Power Purchase Agreement, reduced income $60 million. Additional planned operations and maintenance expenses at our power plant decreased income $8 million. Operating income in the non-utility energy segment, which primarily includes WE Power was up $16 million. The key drivers of this increase were the new coal handling facility at the Oak Creek expansion, which was placed into service in October of 2007 at a cost of approximately $175 million.  And the earnings from unit two at Port Washington, which was placed into service May of this year. Oak Park had lower operating income of $6 million driven by reduced land sales as compared to the third quarter 2007. Making the changes for each of these segments together brings you back to the $14 million decrease in operating income for the third quarter of 2008.  During the third quarter, our earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company grew by $3 million. Other income declined $7 million because of lower carrying costs and regulatory assets. These regulatory assets are now a component of rate base so that carrying costs are included in the revenues instead of other income.  Total interest expense was down $4 million. This decrease was driven by lower short-term interest rates. Consolidated income tax expense declined by approximately $8 million because of lower pre-tax earnings. I expect that our effective tax rate this year will be between 36% and 38%. Adding these items brings you to $77 million of net income from continuing operations to the third quarter 2008, with earnings of $0.65 per share. Let me now turn to cash flow, during the first nine months of 2008 we generated $644 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is up $11 million from the same period in 2007. This increase was driven by the implementation of new prices and reduced cash taxes, offset in part by the earlier timing of a contribution to our pension trust this year. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $924 million. The adjusted number includes the $281 million of cash impact from the bill credit .and the one-time amortization of the gain. Under GAAP, the cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change in restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity.  From a management standpoint, we consider it a source of cash as it directly relates to the bill credits and the one-time amortization. As long as the bill credits continue, we plan to provide both GAAP and adjusted measures of cash flow. We believe the adjusted measure is more representative of the company's ability to generate cash from operations for two reasons. First, the customer credits are being funded from the proceeds of the Point Beach sale that are set aside in a restricted cash account. And second, once all of the Point Beach proceeds have been returned to customers, our prices enhanced customer bills will reflect the full cost of electricity without any credits. Now given the events of the past few weeks, I also wanted to expand more on our liquidity situation. On a consolidated basis, we have $1.61 billion of available undrawn credit facilities that expire in 2011. This amount excludes the $80 million of committed credit that we lost as a result of the Lehman bankruptcy. Of this, $856 million is at the Wisconsin Energy level and the remainder or $758 million is at our utilities. Our actual commercial paper balances at September 30th, were $541 million and $296 million at the Wisconsin Energy and Wisconsin Electric levels, respectively. We also had $78 million of commercial paper outstanding at Wisconsin Gas. However, we closed on $300 million bond financing at Wisconsin Electric on October 1st. The proceeds from this transaction were used to repay commercial paper. Pro forma for the impact of these repayments, our commercial paper balances at the end September would have been about $391 million at Wisconsin Energy and $148 million at Wisconsin Electric. These balances are well within the limits of our credit facilities. The commercial paper at the Wisconsin Energy level is primarily being used to provide construction financing for the Oak Creek units, while the [CP] at the utilities is used to provide working capital. Our financing plan for the remainder of 2008 and all of 2009, calls for approximately $800 million in term financing.  Three hundred million dollars of this is expected to be at Wisconsin Energy and the remaining $500 million is projected to be at Wisconsin Electric. I would stress that the plan calls for these financings over the course of the next 14 months, and that we have a fair amount of flexibility in terms of timing within that window. So I believe we are currently in good shape from a liquidity standpoint. Now, I would like to move to uses of cash in the first nine months of the year. Capital spending was approximately $889 million in the first nine months in 2008, which is $47 million higher than the comparable period in 2007, but on track with our annual estimates. We expect to spend nearly $1.2 billion in capital this year in support of our power to the future construction program, the addition of wind generation and ongoing utility infrastructure improvements. We also paid $95 million in common dividends in the first nine months of 2008. On a GAAP basis, our debt to capital ratio was 58.1% as of September 30 and we were at 54.9% on an adjusted basis. This is down from our December 31, 2007 levels of 58.6% and 55.3% adjusted. The adjusted amount treats half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is the approach used by the majority of the rating agencies. Given the high level of capital spending in 2008, and the fact that no significant assets sales are planned this year, I would expect our debt-to-capital ratio to increase slightly as of December 31, 2008 as compared to December 31, 2007. Our goal is maintain our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio at no more than 60% during the period we are constructing our new coal fired generation. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401k plan, options and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Given the expected reduction in capital expenditures next year, we believe that we will begin to have more room for dividend payments in our financial plan. We certainly recognize the increased importance of dividends, given the current market conditions. Our director's plans on reviewing our dividend policy at their meeting on December 4th for a potential change to the dividend in 2009. Now, I'd like to update you on our electric fuel cost recovery position in Wisconsin. On July 31, during our second quarter conference call, we discussed our expectation regarding electric fuel cost recovery. At that time, we projected that under-recoveries would be between $20 million to $40 million for 2008. Our expectation has now changed because of the substantial drop in natural gas and diesel prices in the past few months and the impact of cooler than normal summer weather in the third quarter. We now expect to be close to a fully recovered position on our fuel costs for 2008.  Now, I would like to wrap things up with a review of our earnings guidance for 2008. Based on our results in the first nine months of the year, and our forecast the remainder of the year, we are slightly ahead of our financial plan; however, weather and economic uncertainty remain in the fourth quarter. As a result, we are moving our full year guidance to the upper end of our previous range of $2.80 to $2.90 a share. So, our new guidance for 2008 is now $2.90 per share. So, with that I will turn things back to Gale.
Gale E. Klappa:  Allen, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and stockholders.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first call comes from Greg Gordon – Citigroup
Greg Gordon - Citigroup:  Two questions. One is, as you look at the dividend policy of the company, you did state pretty much the same philosophy on the second quarter call as you're stating now in terms of what you plan on recommending to the Board. Has your point of view on what a reasonable level of dividend policy in '09 should look like changed at all in the last three months, given how much tighter market conditions have gotten on credit?
Gale E. Klappa: Gregg, not really. I mean we tend to look at things in three to five year increments to the degree that we have certainty and we really are making a dividend decision and recommendation to the Board based on not just a six month look or not just a one year look, but on how we see the business evolving over the next three to five years. So, if anything, we've been boringly consistent about that. I mean clearly, we've taken into account what we're seeing in the credit markets, but as Allen mentioned to you during his portion of the call, our liquidity situation is in good shape. We have some flexibility in terms of the next 14 months and the debt offerings. We don't need to issue any additional equity.  So, certainly we've taken a look at it and factored in the current credit conditions, but it has not changed our long-term three to five year view.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  So, all things being equal, the payout ratio that you would have thought appropriate in August is the same payout ratio you would recommend today if you were going to the Board with that recommendation?
Gale E. Klappa:  That is exactly right, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup:  The second question for Allen, can you reiterate what you said about where you thought you'd be on fuel recovery going into the summer and where you think you'll be now? And can you tell us whether the majority of that benefit has already occurred in the peak summer months and how much of that do you think is going to flow through into Q4, given the decline in gas prices?
Allen L. Leverett:  Sure, I'd be happy too. Just by way of context, again on the July 31 call, at that point Greg, we expected our under-recovery for the calendar year 2008 to be between $20 million and $40 million, and we now sitting here today, our latest projection would be essentially to be in a fully recovered position for calendar year 2008. And that was very much driven really by three things. First, the move in the natural gas strip. I think it was approximately $14 per million back in July when we did that projection. It's about half that or $7 per million now. Fuel oil went from roughly $4 a gallon in July to roughly $2 now. And, we also over the course of the summer because of the mild weather, just in from a volume standpoint, we burned much less natural gas than we expected. So, that's really what moves you from the 20 to 40 to the roughly fully recovered. In terms of the timing, Greg, within the year, if you look through the end of the third quarter, say, year-to-date and look at your fuel recovery situation, we were approximately $24.1 million under-recovered on fuel, year-to-date through the end of September 30, under-recovered $24 million.  So, essentially when you look at the fourth quarter, we would expect to have that turn and come to roughly a neutral position by the end of the year. 
Gale E. Klappa: Greg, Allen's exactly right and just one other point that might be helpful. We have an agreement in place for this calendar year with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission, that if, if fuel prices where to stay very low and we some how made up all of the deficit fuel recovery and over-recovered, we would return to customers the over-recovery. So, anything above fully recovered would not float through to earnings, would instead it would roll back to customers next year.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  So you wouldn't keep the benefit inside the debt [inaudible] then. 
Gale E. Klappa: We would keep the benefit up to fully recovered. Anything above full recovery, there would be no debt [inaudible] this year if you will, it would all above fully recovered, go back to customers. 
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Right, because my understanding of the new rules is that there is a 2% bandwidth.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, there's a 2% bandwidth in place today, and the new rules are really not in a position to become new rules yet. I think the Wisconsin Commission's now decided to step back, take another look and perhaps seek some guidance from the legislature. But, there is a 2% bandwidth or sorts in effect today. 
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  So the proposed changes in the fuel rules that we were looking at potentially getting codified this year are now sort of been put on hold.
Gale E. Klappa: That is correct.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  And in their place you have a short-term patch, which basically says, if you get back to fully recovered that's where you stay. 
Gale E. Klappa: For this calendar year, that is correct.
Allen L. Leverett : And then Greg maybe one other point of, just point of background, if you look at the fourth quarter of '07 and compare it on really a consistent basis to what we would expect in '08, it's a pretty similar pattern. So we would see on an apples-to-apples, about a $20 million turn last year in the fourth quarter and we're expecting about that kind of swing in the fourth quarter this year to bring us back to that hopefully fully recovered position for the calendar year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  I actually have two questions. One, on the south Oak Creek environmental CapEx, are there any challenges left over related to that or any rumblings of kind of any of the parties potentially appealing the PSCW opinion or order?
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, Michael, the answer is, no. There was an environmental group that opposed the [AC] upgrade. They asked the commission for reconsideration, but the commission denied that reconsideration and I believe all is clear and there is nothing pending whatsoever in terms of any legal challenge.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: And Allen, on short-term debt balance, and I apologize, you talked about it in your prepared remarks, and I'm not sure I captured it all. Can you talk a little about plans for treating the $914 million on the short-term debt, over the next 12 to 14 months?
Allen L. Leverett : You're right on an actual basis. We were at approximately $914 at the end of the third quarter, however, on the very next day after the end of the quarter on October 1st, we closed on $300 million worth of term financing at Wisconsin Electric and we used that to pay down commercial paper.  So, if you looked at our pro forma balances, if you will on September 30, so pro forma for that security issuance, Michael, we were at $391 million at Wisconsin Energy and $148 million at Wisconsin Electric, which if you look at that on a percentage of the debt that we had outstanding at September 30, we had roughly $4.6 billion worth of debt outstanding.  So, those pro forma [CP] balances, would represent about 13.5% of our outstanding debt and roughly 8% of our total capitalization. In terms of security issuances that I would expect for the remainder of 2008 and 2009 combined, we would hope to do on the order of another 300 million of term financing at the holding company and another 500 million of term financing at Wisconsin Electric.  But, I would just stress, Michael that that's over a 14-month period that we would be looking at doing those financings and we really have a fair amount of flexibility in terms of when we time those within that 14-month window.  Is that helpful?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: That's extremely helpful. Last question, pension cash requirements for the next 12 to 14 months?
Allen L. Leverett :  Yes, and maybe to just sort of put that into context. We made a contribution in January of this year to the qualified plans $48 million. So, that's a gross of tax benefit figure, a $48 million contribution. As I sit here today, I would expect in calendar 2009 that we would make approximately a $180 million contribution.  So, up quite a bit in '09 as compared to '08. However, I would just reemphasize what Gale already said in his response to the dividend question that Greg Gordon asked. We look at pension contributions, as well dividend decisions over a multi year basis, so you should not conclude that because we've had a big pick up in the projected pension contribution in '09 as compared in '08, that that somehow impacts our dividend decision.
Gale E. Klappa: Allen's exactly right. We're looking at this, as we've mentioned on a three to five year basis, and I mean, clearly the market conditions are such that many, many companies are going to have to make significant cash contributions to their pension plans next year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Had a question, you gave I think $0.53 to $0.57 guidance for the third quarter. Could you just outline the [delta's] versus plan. I realize fuel must be a really big piece of that. 
Gale E. Klappa: Fuel's the biggest piece.
Allen L. Leverett :  Almost all of the swing, Paul, as we sort of said, well alright, plan would be $0.53 to $0.57. Almost all of the swing between the $0.53 to $0.57 and the $0.65 actual is what happened with fuel, because we had a very pleasant surprise, I guess if you will, on fuel recovery. But, it was a surprise nonetheless.
Gale E. Klappa: And clearly, none of us anticipated the incredible volatility in the fuel markets, particularly with the crash of natural gas prices. The two things that helped us the most really were the huge decline in the natural gas strip and the fact that the diesel fuel surcharges that were being passed through to us from the railroads for moving coal to our power plants. Those diesel fuel charges already declined as well, as really as oil prices decline.  So, a very positive surprise and our units operated quite well during the summer. So, put those together and we've had a very positive movement in fuel recovery.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: What was the delta in the three Q fuel balance?
Allen L. Leverett : I'm sorry, Paul, say again
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: How much did the fuel balance change in the third quarter?
Gale E. Klappa: From the end of the second quarter? We were about, about $3 million. We were expecting much less – we were expecting a greater under-recovery in the third quarter. I think we ended Q2 at about $21 million of fuel under-recovery for the year-to-date. We're now at 24.1.
Allen L. Leverett : And the projected under-recovery for the quarter was much, much greater than that. 
Gale E. Klappa: Much greater.
Allen L. Leverett :  One other, maybe point of background, Paul, and I don't know if it will be helpful or not, of course, the weather was milder than normal in the third quarter. That certainly helped fuel recovery as we mentioned, but obviously adversely impacts margin otherwise, but we were able to offset that with better experience than we expected on O&M. So, the O&M and the weather effects were almost neutral when taken together. And, then the big swing that you're left with is fuel recovery.
Gale E. Klappa:  And Paul, the other reason that we were projecting a much larger under-recovery for Q3, again as we mentioned earlier in the script, was because of the shape of our power purchase payments for the Point Beach Units.  If you turn back the clock a year ago, we still owned the Point Beach units. This year we have a Power Purchase Agreement after the sale of the units, and as I mentioned the shape of that Power Purchase Agreement has us paying higher purchase power costs in the summer than in the shoulder periods.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Did you actually absorb fuel under-recovery in the third quarter, but to a lesser extent than planned? 
Gale E. Klappa:  That is a good way to describe it. 
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And do you use five year pension smoothing or what is your smoothing method?  
Allen L. Leverett:  When we determine the actuarial value of assets, I believe we used two year smoothing when we look at the actuarial value of assets for the purposes of funding. Now, when you look at say [AS 87 expenses, which would be more in the GAAP treatment, you would do smoothing of gains and losses and so if you’re in a position where in a year you earn more than your actuarial return assumption or you earn less, you then smooth that in to income over four years. But for the purposes of funding and the actuarial value of assets, you do that over two years. Does that help? 
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Yes it does. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Lenhoff – Ironworks Capital. 
Gary Lenhoff – Ironworks Capital:  You may have addressed this before and I just missed it, but can you tell us as of the most recent date you have, what the performance of pension assets has been?
Gale E. Leverett: Sure, as a matter of fact, we have that right here in the room with us.  
Allen L. Leverett:  Yes, Gary, these guys, I tend to get a report every day. Through the end of yesterday, our return was minus 26.7%, so the asset return was minus 26.7 through the end of yesterday, and maybe as some additional context, Michael, he just asked me about the funding assumption for next year.  And that funding assumption one $180 million was based on the assumption that we would experience a minus 25% return this year, but that the liability discount rate would be 6.5%. So although our experience year-to-date is just a little more negative than minus 25, if we’re going run the numbers today in terms of the appropriate liability discount rate, the liability discount rate would be closer to seven which would reduce the present value of the liabilities.  So, net, even with the performance through today or through yesterday rather, I would expect that we will still be looking at about a $180 million contribution.
Gary Lenhoff – Ironworks Capital: So, if I'm thinking about this correctly, the value of the assets is down about $250 million, which at your expected return assumption is about $20 million, $21 million or so of additional pension expense if we though about it on a cash basis.
Allen L. Leverett: On a cash basis, yes. 
Gary Lenhoff – Ironworks Capital:  That’s helpful thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question is from [Ted Hine] – Catapult Capital.
[Ted Hine] - Catapult Capital:  Had a few quick questions. First just on whether year-to-date, where are you guys, ahead or behind kind of compared to normal?
Gale E. Klappa: While Allen looks at his numbers, let me mention one thing to you about the summer. We had a cool summer this year, fairly normal summer last year. But to put this summer's experience in perspective, we did not have one single 90-degree day in Wisconsin the entire summer.  So, you've heard of the endless summer, well this is was a summer that never started. Well, Allen, do we have nine months…
Allen L. Leverett:  If you look at in margin level, [Ted], which is probably the most relevant for your purposes, if you look nine months ended September 30, we were about $7 million below normal on margin or in other words if we’d experienced normal weather through the end of September we would have expected our margins to have been in about $7 million higher than normal – than actual.  Through the end of September of '07, so September 30, 2007, it was essentially normal, so if you’re looking at either a comparison to last year’s weather or a comparison to normal, it’s about a $7 million negative swing. 
[Ted Hine] - Catapult Capital:  Compared to plan at the guidance at the beginning of the year, you're just slightly behind and you’re obviously making it up with better fuel recoveries?
Gale E. Klappa :  That’s correct, yes.  
Allen L. Leverett:  And better O&M, yes. 
[Ted Hine] - Catapult Capital: And better O&M. And just secondly, Allen, I know that you mentioned at some previous conferences you expected to be I think $15 million under-recovered in 2009. Is that kind of still where you expect to be or has your outlook changed on that?
Gale E. Klappa:  At the moment, [Ted], that’s still the number we’re using for planning purposes, but I would add one thing. In our fuel clause next year will be in the neighborhood of $1.3 billion. So, to be any more precise than a $15 million current projected under-recovery for our base plan, we’re not going to get any more precise than that.  And it will change $15 million times between now and next year, again because of the volatility of the fuel markets and the size of our fuel clause.
[Ted Hine] - Catapult Capital:  But the $15 million bogey is still the best one to use at this point? 
Gale E. Klappa:  That’s unchanged from what Allen mentioned back in September, yes. 
Allen J. Leverett: We still view that as reasonable planning assumption. 
Gale E. Klappa:  Right. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  Just a few questions here. First, I forget, could you remind when does this amortization at a gain end? Does that end at the end of this year or does it still have another year to run after that? 
Allen L. Leverett:  Just a quick review on that. We’re essentially providing credits if you will, in three jurisdictions, Wisconsin, Michigan, and [inaudible]. Michigan and [inaudible] are done now and I would not expect – well, there won’t be any more credits in Michigan and [inaudible] related to Point Beach.  So, the only credit that would remain would be in the Wisconsin jurisdiction and those were the bulk of the credits. So sitting here today Dan, I would expect that really you would continue to see credits for the remainder of this year, as well as calendar ’09, ’10, and there could be a very tiny amount that would lapse over into the early part of 2011.  But I certainly would expect to see credits for the remainder of this year, '09 and '10.
Gale E. Klappa: And that is exactly what the Wisconsin commission envisioned, at least a three year amortization if you will, of the credits onto customer bills. And I think Allen is right, we may see some additional small amount of credit move into 2011, depending upon energy sales and depending upon the interest that’s earned in this restricted account. But certainly for three years, eight, nine, and 10 and maybe a chunk into ’11. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  That's pretty much like a straight line amortization, so the – 
Allen L. Leverett:  The amount of credit, obviously, if you have this based on energy usage so you can get variability there. But also even at target – even at the budget if you will on energy sales or at least the budget they set rates based on, there was a downward pattern in credits as you go over that roughly four-year period. 
Gale E. Klappa: The biggest credit amounts will be this year and then it will step down next year. And then, there will be another step down in 2010. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  So it was front-end loaded then.
Allen L. Leverett: Exactly.
Gale E. Klappa:  To some degree, yes. 
Allen L. Leverett:  Yes.
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  On the financing needs, I know you have $320 million that matures in December and it sounds like you used that $300 million you issued at the first of this month to pay down short-term debt. Would you anticipate returning to the market or taking short-term debt back up or how you would manage that maturity?  
Allen L. Leverett:  Well, at this point looking at the financing plan over the next 14 months, $300 million at the whole debt, $500 million in term financing at the utility. I have a fair amount of flexibility within that 14 month window, so we’ll look at conditions and pick what we think are appropriating timing for those offerings, although, my philosophy is sort of a more dollar cost average. So I certainly wouldn’t expect to go out and do all the $800 million within a very compacted period of time. I think we would try to spread it out a bit more over the period, because candidly I don’t know which way spreads or treasury yields are headed. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  On your cash flow statement, what was going on with the differed taxes and the working capital changes from this year versus last year's? Is the deferred taxes related to the amortization of the debt?
Allen L. Leverett: In terms of cash taxes, let me address that and then I'm going to ask Steve Dickson to talk about the working capital component of it, Dan. But on the cash taxes question, what's really our deferred taxes, which is of course related to cash taxes, we had a lower cash tax rate in 2008 because we were able to recognize quite a bit – we were able to go ahead and expense for tax purposes, items that previously would have been depreciated for tax purposes over a longer period of time.  So, another way to think about that is we basically were able to advance some deductions for tax purposes that reduces cash taxes and then of course, results in a buildup in the deferred tax liability. 
Gale E. Klappa: This was a result of a very thorough tax depreciation study that we completed.  
Steve Dickson: And, Dan, as you look at the consolidated condensed statement of cash flow, I assume the line item you're looking at is working capital and other where it looks like it increased about $226 million between years, the two biggest drivers really to deferred costs and then deferred revenue.  On the deferred costs, last year we in a position where we incurred high fuel cost and we deferred them on our balance sheet as we requested recovery of those, and so that was a cash outflow. This year with the new rate order, we are amortizing a lot of those costs, so the swing related to deferred cost is about $130 million this year compared to last year.  The second largest component relates to the deferred revenue. As Al and Gale mentioned, we're collecting cash carry costs in the power of the future plans, that is as construction of progress balances grow, the amount of cash that we collect increases and that is about $33 million. So those are the two largest items in that account. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: It sounds like since the recovery of fuel costs, what kind of reverse in the fourth quarter would you expect to see that then expand even more in the fourth quarter.
Steve Dickson: I think that's two different things, Allen was talking about the ongoing fuel costs. The costs that we deferred last year did not go through fuel expense, and so that was not in the calculation last year.  What we would expect to see in the fourth quarter is a continue amortization of the regulatory assets and so that's a non-cash item, which will increase cash flow. And I don't think we had significant deferred items in the fourth quarter last year, so we won't see a huge change. 
Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  The last thing I was wondering about is on your sales numbers for the third quarter, you actually had negative revenues from wholesale other, which seems somewhat unusual. I was wondering if you could explain.
Gale E. Klappa:  I don't have that CapEx detail.
Steve Dickson: Yes, Dan, as Allen mentioned in his discussion, in the third quarter we made a one-time refund to our preferred wholesale customers and that was for their share of the amortization of the gain and that was $62.5 million. Where that was reflected on our income statement was we reduced our revenues, our wholesales revenues by $62.5 million, and then we increased the amortization of the gain.  So, on the income statement it was neutral, but GAAP requires us to show refunds as a reduction of revenues and so that's why it looks like negative revenues for that customer class. 
Operator: Your next question from [Steve Gambuzo] – Longboat Capital
Steve Gambuzo] – Longboat Capital: A question on the pension funding. How does that $180 million compare to the amount of kind of non-cash accrued pension expense embedded in your rate, because I would imagine that it's really the differential between those two numbers that is really kind of the outflow in the cash flow statement. Is that right?
Allen L. Leverett: I believe the pension expense that was in the last rate case was probably on the order of $30 million.
Steve Gambuzo] – Longboat Capital: So, that's how much is non-cash accrual as in your rate structure?
Allen L. Leverett: That's how much is included in rates and therefore you recover in cash, so that's the $30 million. And then the deficit that you're in effect are having to fund above that, is the difference between the 180 and 30 or 150 million, if I'm following you.  And then, of course, you know that [Steve], but just to remind everybody on the call, the 180 is tax deductible so I take gross 180 and then will tax benefit that 180, so I'll get a deduction for 180 on the tax return. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Maurice May – Power Insights
Maurice May – Power Insights: I'm old fashioned and I have another question on dividends. Your previous comments I recall as being a dividend payout target of some 50 to 60%, is that what it was?
Gale E. Klappa: Maury, what we've said is that we have a near-term policy, which we are now revisiting, and that near-term policy basically is tied to what we believe we can afford during this period of heavy construction spending and that is trying to grow the dividend about half the rate of earnings per share growth.  Now we're revisiting that, but we have not yet publicly discussed what the new dividend payout ratio range would look like. That's something we're going to have a very thorough discussion with our Board about in early December and hope to communicate with you after that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Kania – Merrill Lynch
Alex Kania – Merrill Lynch: Just some thoughts I'd like to hear from you guys on just the breakdown on your retail sales about how you think weather versus some of the economic factors, especially on a pretty quick crazy quarter with respect to weather, but just what your thoughts are just generally on fundamental demand and trends you've been seeing recently.
Gale E. Klappa: I'd be happy to discuss that. First of all, in general terms just to kind of set the playing field, manufacturing demand for electricity is not very weather-sensitive, and you heard us talk earlier about some of the pluses and minuses we're seeing in our base of manufacturing customer. So, in looking at roughly 37, 38% of our total retail sales being to manufacturing customers, we're only down about 1% so far this year in terms of energy consumption by our manufacturing base.  Clearly, paper production and automotive and automotive parts are deteriorating no question about that, but we've seen other bright spots and we continue to see interesting growth in the commercial or non-manufacturing segment of our customer base. There's a significant expansion here in healthcare. We have several new hospitals, several new medical research centers being built so we really see some interesting expansions that has offset some of the weakness in the non-manufacturing base.  So, down about 1% on the manufacturing side so far. In the commercial or non-manufacturing side, a little more weather sensitive but we're seeing some growth offset other weakness, and then residential really is tied to two things, your household formation and customer growth and the weather and the residentially obviously swings very much with the weather.  I mentioned earlier that we're still seeing positive customer growth. That is not the case in other parts of the country, but we're still seeing slower, but positive customer growth about up one-half of 1% over the last 12 months, and a fair amount of conversions on the natural gas side from propane to natural gas.  So, I would look at the weakness that we saw so far this year particularly this summer in residential demand as purely weather driven. 
Operator:  Our next question from [Paul Paterson] – Glenrock Associates]
[Paul Peterson] – Glenrock Associates: Almost all my questions have been asked, but the only thing I wanted to follow up was, when you were talking to Greg about the legislature looking at the new fuels or I guess the  PSC going to the legislature, could you just elaborate a little bit more about what that looks like now. Is there a bill or when would that happen or... 
Gale E. Klappa: I would be happy to elaborate. The answer is we're not certain. The Commission is still considering what path to take and what specific actions to move forward on. My sense is, although the commission has not made a final decision, that there is some uncertainty about whether the Commission has the administrative authority under Wisconsin law to change the fuel rules.  And in light of that uncertainty, they may submit to the legislature a proposed changed in the fuel rules for the legislature to vote on. That’s the current discussion at the Commission. Does the Commission have the legislative authority under the law to make an administrative change in the fuel rules or not.  So I would expect that if the Commission makes a final decision that they need to go to the legislature for a change in the fuel rules. If they would probably propose the change to the legislature in the form of a bill or part of an energy package that might be submitted in the spring. That’s my current guess, but no final decision has yet been made by the commission.  Forward on my sense is although the commission has not made a final decision. That there is some uncertainty about whether the commission has the administrative authority under Wisconsin law to change the fuel rules. And in light of that uncertainty they may submit to the legislature a proposed changed in the fuel rules for the legislature to vote on. That’s the current discussion at the commission. Does the commission have the legislative authority under the law to make an administrative change in the fuel rules or not.  So I would expect that if the commission makes a final decision that they need to go to the legislature for a change in the fuel rules. If they would probably propose the change to the legislature in the form of a bill or part of an energy package that might be submitted in the spring. That’s my current guess but no final decision has yet been made by the commission. 
[Paul Peterson] – Glenrock Associates: So it’s going to be some time before it’s resolved it sounds like?
Gale E. Klappa:  I would think we’ll see some sort of resolution next year. If I were a betting man that would be my bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Rick [Inaudible] – Duff Capital Advisors
Rick – Duff Capital Advisors:  I was just wondering kind of a different topic, can you update us on the carbon capture pilot that’s going out at your coal plant?
Gale E. Klappa:  We’ll be happy to give you the data we have at the moment. Remember we have a one-year experiment here. The manufacturer had some technical difficulty in the early stages with some aspects of the technology, particularly the chilled ammonia piece. And that has now been rectified and data collection is underway and Rick I would expect sometime early next year we’ll see some specific data, but I understand they’ve been reasonably pleased with the performance.
Allen L. Leverett:  Yes, I think that’s right Gale, and of course this is being funded by a consortium and that data probably will take a while to work its way through that before it becomes public. 
Gale E. Klappa :  We will certainly as part of our commitment that the group of utilities through the Electric Power Research Institute in Austin, which is the manufacturer, we will make a public report on the on this data, as we collect the data and as we understand the efficiencies of the technology, and the effectiveness of capturing the carbon with this chilled ammonia process.
Rick – Duff Capital Advisors:  So basically that beginning problem, because I think last call or one of the more recent times you’d indicated about this time you’d have a much better sense. It seems like it’s a two three-month delay in that.
Gale E. Klappa:  Exactly right, because there was about a two to three month delay in getting consistent operation of the technology in light of just some of the startup issues they had. But they’ve overcome those issues and again the sense we get is that they’re pretty pleased with the performance, so we’ll know a lot more I’m sure early next year.
Operator:  Your ext question comes from Greg Gordon – Citi Group
Greg Gordon – Citi Group:  Pension you’ve told us about your projected cash obligations you have $30 million in rates in terms of operating expenses from the last rate plan. Relative to FAS 87, what would you project to be your increase if any in FAS 87 pension expense next year as you look at it today and as the regulatory mechanism that mitigates the impact on earnings between rate cases?
Allen L. Leverett:  Well, certainly we'll start with the second question first. We run a two-year cycle, so in Wisconsin your pension expense is sort of is what it is, the one that’s included in rates and there is no true offer of anything. So if you have either a big increase or big decrease that that's just something that you have to plan around as a company. So, there’s not any true up mechanisms.
Gale E. Klappa:  Not between rate cases.
Allen L. Leverett:  Not between rate cases, but obviously when you five a rate case say next spring, you put in your latest projection for 10 and 11 and then they’ll set rates on that. And in terms of an annual increase because of the smoothing, I don’t know, Steve, did you want to take a crack at what that increase might be?
Steve Dickson:  There’s so many factors that go into pension expense and the smoothing of returns, down to the asset discount rates changes in asset class. This year we think we’ll have about $22 million, $24 million pension expense. Next year we expect to see an increase, but at this time we’re not in a position to say.
Allen L. Leverett:  There’s one big variable obviously Greg in addition to the asset returns is where that liability discount rate turns out. And so you can get moved – very big move in pension expense based on what happens to that liability rate. So it’s a little hard and I mean, I'll certainly be happy when we do our February call to talk about what we project and what the key assumptions are then, but it’s still a little early.
Gale E. Klappa:  Right now, as I think Allen mentioned earlier, if the year were to end today we would actually be helped a little bit by the difference in our assumption on the discount rate versus where the discount rate really appears to be.  So we will be happy to discuss in great detail with you on the call, but at the moment we’re not panicking over this because again, I think we have some conservative assumptions and that discount rate could make a huge difference.
Greg Gordon – Citi Group:  My understanding is that you would amortize the under-recovered balance you’re saying over, is it a four-year period?
Allen L. Leverett:  A four-year smoothing of the asset returns yes.
Greg Gordon – Citi Group:  But to the extent your discount rate goes up that reduces the projected benefit obligation by a pretty meaningful amount and that’s an offsetting factor in the impact on earnings, correct?
Gale E. Klappa:  Absolutely, right.
Greg Gordon – Citi Group:  And how does that offset is that also smoothed over a four-year period or is that booked in, is that offsetting the production in the [PBO] book just in the period?
Allen L. Leverett:  Off the top of my head I don’t know the period over which you do the effect liability smoothing. I think it’s’ more than four years though, Greg.
Greg Gordon – Citi Group:  But there’s a big mitigating factor to the extent that interest rates stay high?
Gale E. Klappa:  You are correct.
Allen L. Leverett:  Yes, you have to be careful what you hope for, but yes, that’s right if you have high interest rate.
Gale E. Klappa:  Well that concludes our conference call for today ladies and gentlemen. We appreciate your participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in our investor relations office at area code 414 221 2592. Thank you again, good afternoon everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Than you for joining and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 14:00:00) =====
Executives:  Gale Klappa – Chairman, President and CEO Allen Leverett – EVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – Citigroup Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Alex Cunningham [ph] – Merrill Lynch Maurice May – Power Insights Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson [ph] 
Operator:  Good afternoon, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy’s 2008 second quarter conference call. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language. All statements in this presentation, other than historical facts, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated.  During the discussion, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. This conference is being recorded for re-broadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. Conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its 2008 second quarter results at www.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be available approximately 2 hours after the conclusion of this call.  And now, I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation.
Gale Klappa:  Aileen [ph], thank you. Good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining us on our conference call to review the company’s 2008 second quarter results. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of Regeneration; Allen Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, General Counsel; Jeff West, our Treasurer; and Steve Dickson, Controller. I’m pleased to report that we reached another milestone in the second quarter, as our customers began realizing the benefits of two major elements of our Power the Future plan. In May, our generating capability increased with the startup of the second natural gas-fueled unit in our Port Washington site and with the commercial operation of 88 wind turbines at our Blue Sky Green Field wind farm.  Allen will review our financial results in detail in just a moment. And as you saw from our new release this morning, we reported net income from continuing operations of $0.49 a share in the second quarter of 2008 versus $0.49 a share last year. The last year’s second quarter as you recall, included a total of $0.08 per share from the settlement of a billing dispute with one of our major customers and a gain on the sale of land.  Now I’d like to spend just a moment on our continuing efforts to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our Power the Future plan is fundamental to the principle of energy’s self-sufficiency. The components of our focus on self-sufficiency include investing in two combined cycle natural gas-fired units at Port Washington, just north of Milwaukee, the construction of two super-critical coal-fired units at Oak Creek, which is south of the city, and our plans to build a significant amount of new wind generation.  Back in November of 2002, as you may recall, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission approved the construction of two natural gas-fired units at our Port Washington site. First unit at Port Washington went into service in July of 2005 on time and on budget. Now we’re pleased to report that Port Washington Unit 2 was completed and began commercial service on May 23, 2008. The project was finished on time and on budget, and the total investment for Unit 2 will be approximately $335 million. Now let’s turn to the status of the two new coal-fired units at Oak Creek. As we discussed in our previous calls, last November, December, January, and February were difficult months for construction in Wisconsin. Although Bechtel has been working to make up for lost time at Oak Creek, they’re now forecasting that the completion of Unit 1 and the common facilities will be delayed by 3 months beyond the guaranteed in-service date of September 29, 2009. Bechtel has also advised us that they expect Unit 2 at Oak Creek to be completed one month earlier than its guaranteed in-service date of September 29, 2010.  Bechtel is citing a number of factors that they believe are causing the changes to the schedule. The factors include weather conditions and the two most recent winters, heavy rains this spring, and what Bechtel believes to be changed is the local labor conditions. Bechtel is still analyzing the impact of these factors and they expect to submit claims for scheduled extensions and cost relief by the end of this year. Once we receive those requests, along with the required justification, we will determine whether Bechtel is entitled to any scheduled and/or cost relief. Claims would ultimately be subject to binding arbitration if we do not reach agreement with Bechtel. Since we haven't received the claims, it really is impossible to provide you with any specifics on what the financial impacts could be. However, I believe there are several very key points to keep in mind. The first relates to the impact of the in-service date on our reported earnings for 2009 and 2010. We estimate that a one-month movement in the in-service date for Unit 1 will result in a change of $0.03 a share in earnings. A 1-month movement for Unit 2 has a somewhat smaller impact. We estimate that to be $0.02 per share. So, if Bechtel's new forecast comes to pass of three months in for Unit 1, our earnings in 2009 would be reduced by $0.09 a share compared to what they otherwise would have been. If Bechtel's forecast comes to pass of a 1 month early finish for Unit 2, our earnings in 2010 would increase by $0.02 a share. Of course and this is very important to point out, I believe, the ultimate earning power of the assets in 2011 and beyond are unaffected by the specific dates of the units placed into service in 2009 and 2010. The next key point relates to cash flow. Under the terms of the lease agreement between Wisconsin Electric and Wind Power, we are recovering, based on a mix of debt and equity. Our capital carrying costs as construction continues on the Oak Creek Project, and we’re allowed to recover our carrying costs up to the total budget for the project which has got approved by the Wisconsin Commission. So while reported earnings in 2009 and 2010 would be affected slightly by a change in the in-service dates, our ability to recover cash carrying costs will be largely unaffected. Final point I'd like to make relates to the ultimate recovery of any potential cost increases. We have several important layers of protection, and let me give you some specifics. We conclude that the additional cost is not ultimately recoverable. You would have to believe that the cost will not qualify for recovery and there are at least four opportunities that are clearly outlined in the Commission's order. First, the remaining contingency in the project is not sufficient to offset the cost. Second, that the cost would fall outside the 5% band that the Commission has deemed as reasonable for prudent costs above the approved project allowed. Third, that the cost was not caused by a (inaudible) as defined by the lease agreement. And finally, after an opportunity to demonstrate prudency, that the cost would be ultimately deemed improved. Although we have not received the detailed claims from Bechtel, we believe we have several layers of protection in place. Of course, we will provide updates for any significant developments in our SEC filings and on our schedule earnings calls. At the end of July, based on Bechtel's revised schedule and a new forecast of the labor hours that will be required to complete the project, Oak Creek was approximately 56% complete. Unit 1 and the common facilities were 68% complete and Unit 2 was 24.5% complete. More than 3000 workers are currently on the site and we do know that in the past two months, they’ve made more progress than during any other two-month period since construction began three years ago. As you know, there are four major permits needed to build the facilities at Oak Creek. These include an air permit, a wetlands permit, a permit from the US Army Corps Engineers and finally, a water pollution discharge elimination permit. We received all of these permits and each of them remains in effect unless it is overturned by a court or an administrative law judge. In September of 2005, we resolved all legal challenges to the air permit.  Also in February of 2006, we resolved the outstanding legal challenges to the wetlands permit. Our permit from the US Army Corps Engineers was received in May of 2005. This permit relates solely to the construction of facilities that are now complete. And to date, no appeals have been launched against this permit. And the last permit, the Wisconsin Pollution Discharge Elimination System permit or WPDES. They’ve been involved, as you may recall since early 2006, in litigation with two environmental groups, who oppose the water intake system that was approved for Oak Creek. Now today, we have several major developments to report to you. In early May, the State Department of Natural Resources issued a new draft permit and concluded in that permit that the water intake system we built is the best technology available for a new unit at the Oak Creek site. A public hearing was held in June, and the public comment period is now closed. The Federal Environmental Protection Agency has notified the Department of Natural Resources here in the state that it will not object to the issuance of the new permit. And this morning, jus this morning, the DNR issued a final modified permit, which fully support the use of the water intake system at the site at Oak Creek. As you know, we’ve always believed that the water intake structure we built is the best environmental solution, as it minimizes the impact on the lake and results in lower air emissions, less use of coal and less use of Lake Michigan water than other types of cooling systems. So, we are very pleased to receive this new permit.  Also, in another breaking development, shortly after 11 o’clock this morning, we and the other two owners of the expansion units at Oak Creek reached an agreement with Clean Wisconsin and Sierra Club, the groups that have been opposing the water intake permit. Here the settlement agreement, the environmental groups will withdraw their opposition and this should bring to a close the ongoing litigation and administrative challenges to the permit. The terms of the settlement agreement will be announced jointly by the parties next week. Certain elements of the agreement will be subject to review and approval by the Wisconsin Public Service Commission. Again, we view this as a very positive step forward.  And now I would like to update you on our Blue Sky Green Field wind project. In February of 2007, the Wisconsin Commission approved the project as a traditional utility rate-based investment. Late March of last year, we signed an agreement with Vestas Wind Systems for 88 turbines. Each of the 88 turbines has a capacity of 1.65 megawatts.  The budget for this project was approximately $300 million, excluding capitalized carrying costs. Construction began at the site literally a year ago, in June of 2007. First wind turbine produced electric power for the first time on February 09 of this year and we achieved commercial operation of the entire wind farm on May 19. The project, which is the largest wind farm to date in the State of Wisconsin, was completed under budget and ahead of schedule. Now as you know, Wisconsin has in place, a renewable portfolio standard increases from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at the state-wide level. The standard sets targets for each of the utilities of the state using an historical base line. Using that base line, approximately 8.5% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. Meeting this more aggressive 2015 target will require several additional projects. So, to keep moving forward, we recently completed the acquisition of a new wind project site that is located in Colombia County in Central Wisconsin. We expect the site to accommodate somewhere between 100 megawatts and 200 megawatts of new capacity depending upon the final site layout and the turbine equipment we select. Permitting process will begin later this year and the projected in-service date at this point is late 2010 or 2011.  Finally, I have one other positive development to report to you. On July 10, the Wisconsin Public Service Commission issued a final decision allowing us to build wet flue gas desulfurization and selective catalytic reduction facilities at the four existing units at Oak Creek. The Commission authorized an investment of up to $830 million, including allowance for funds used during construction. Building of these emission controls has now begun and we expect the installation will be completed in the year 2012. I should note that yesterday, the Citizens Utility Board and Clean Wisconsin, two groups to oppose this environmental upgrade, petitioned the Commission for reconsideration. We do not believe their arguments to have merits.  Now I will turn the call over to Allen, who will give you more details on our financial performance in the second quarter. Allen?
Allen Leverett:  Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our 2008 second quarter earnings from continuing operations were $0.49 per share. Now, I will focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the quarter and briefly review our earnings guidance for 2008 as well as the third quarter.  Our consolidated operating income was $108 million as compared to $105 million in the second quarter of 2007, for an increase of $3 million. Operating income in our Utility Energy Segment totaled $90 million for a decrease of $5 million versus last year.  Before I discuss the primary drivers, I would like to remind you of a couple of developments that caused significant changes in individual items in the income statement. First, in September of 2007 we sold our Point Beach nuclear plant and entered into a long-term power purchase agreement with the new owner. Since we no longer own Point Beach, our results this year do not include operating or maintenance costs related to the facility, nor do we incur any depreciation or decommissioning costs associated with the plant.  However, our fuel and purchased power costs this year have increased as a result of the power purchase agreement we now have. Also, as we mentioned in our February and April conference calls, we expect to see a different quarterly distribution of costs and earnings this year as a direct result of the power purchase agreement. Our income statement this quarter reflects $87 million of gain amortization relating to the gain on the Point Beach sale that is being used for the benefit of customers. We issued this gain in the form of bill credits to our customers. I would like to briefly expand on this item. The January 2008 Wisconsin rate order resulted in about a 17% increase in electric rates. This increase was needed to recover higher costs associated with transmission expense and environment expenditures, as well as the lease payments and O&M costs associated with our new power plants and our continued investment in renewables.  However, our customers as a group will only see about a 3% rate increase in 2008 from this rate order as the balance is being funded through bill credits resulting from the gain on the sale of Point Beach. While we look at the bill credits as a form of revenue, GAAP requires us to record the bill credits as part of the amortization of the gain because we are collecting the cash from the restricted cash accounts and not the customers. However, once all the Point Beach gain has been returned to customers, the full 17% increase will be paid by customers and at that point reflected in operating revenues. Now with this as background, I would like to address the primary drivers in our utility operating income for the second quarter of 2008. First, price increases to our retail and wholesale customers resulted in a $41 million increase in revenues. However, the mild weather in the quarter reduced operating income $70 million. In addition, the conversion of the Point Beach nuclear plant from being an asset owned by Wisconsin Electric to an owned by FPL Energy with an associated power purchase agreement, reduced income $9 million. The settlement of a billing dispute in the second quarter of 2007 resulted in a $9 million reduction this year. Additional planned operations and maintenance expenses in our power plants decreased income $10 million. Other items reduced income a total of $1 million.  Operating income in the non-utility energy and corporate and other income segments, which primarily includes We Power, was up $8 million. The key drivers of this increase were the new coal handling facility at the Oak Creek expansion, which was placed into service last October and the earnings from Unit-II at Port Washington, from the time it began commercial operation in late May. Taking the changes for each of these segments brings you back to the $3 million increase in operating income for the second quarter of 2008. Other income was down $10 million in the second quarter 2008, the largest negative change relates to a $7 million gain on sale of property that was in last year’s results. Additionally, we experienced lower carrying charges on regulatory assets. In connection with the January 2008 rate order, we stopped accruing carrying charges on several regulatory assets as these assets were now considered part of rate base and setting rates, and now we are allowed to (inaudible) return on them.  Earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company are also included in other income. These earnings were up almost $2 million for the quarter. Total interest expense was down $7 million. This decrease was driven by lower interest rates and our ability to capitalize an additional $4 million in interest related to construction activity. Consolidated income tax expense was level as compared to 2007. I expect that our effective tax rate this year will be between 36% and 38%.  Adding these items brings you to $58 million of net income from continuing operations for the second quarter 2008 or earnings of $0.49 a share.  Turning now to cash flow. During the first six months of 2008, we generated $574 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is up $118 million from the same period in 2007. This increase was driven by the implementation of new prices and reduced cash taxes, offset in part by the earlier timing of a contribution through our pension trust this year.  On an adjusted basis, cash from operations totaled $728 million. The adjusted number includes the $154 million of cash impact of the bill credits and the one-time amortization of the gain. Under GAAP, the cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change in restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity. From a management standpoint, we consider this as a source of cash as it directly relates to the bill credits and the one-time amortization.  In 2008, we will continue to provide both GAAP and adjusted measures of cash flow. We believe the adjusted measure is more representative of the company’s ability to generate cash from operations for two reasons. First, the customer credits are being funded from the proceeds of the Point Beach sale that are set aside in a restricted cash account as opposed to from operations; and second, once all of the Point Beach proceeds have been returned to customers, our prices and hence customer bills will reflect the full cost of electricity without any credits.  Capital spending was approximately $642 million in the first half of 2008, which is $70 million higher than the first half of 2007 but on track with our annual estimate. We expect to spend nearly $1.2 billion of capital this year to support our Power the Future construction program, the addition of wind generation, and ongoing utility infrastructure improvements. We also paid $63 million in common dividends in the first half of 2008. On a GAAP basis, our debt to capital ratio was 57.8% as of June 30, and we were at 54.6% on an adjusted basis. This is down from our December 31, 2007 levels of 58.6% and 55.3% adjusted.  The adjusted amounts treat half of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is the approach used by the majority of the rating agencies. Given the continued high level of capital spending in 2008 and the fact that no significant asset sales are planned this year, I would expect our debt to capital ratio to increase slightly as of December 31, 2008, as compared to December 31, 2007.  Our goal now is to maintain our adjusted debt to capital ratio at no more than 60% during the period we are constructing our new gas and coal fire generation. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401K plan, options, and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Given the expected reduction in capital expenditures next year, we believe that we will begin to have more room for dividend payments in our financial plan. As a result, we plan on reviewing our dividend policy again this year for a potential change in 2009. Now before I move to earnings guidance, I would like to update you on our Wisconsin fuel filing and the status of potential changes in Wisconsin fuel rules. On March 13, we filed a request to increase our fuel recovery rate. This was driven by large increases in the price of natural gas and the price of diesel fuel used to transport coal by rail. Commission approved an interim annual increase of $76.9 million effective April 15. A settlement was reached in case earlier this month. Based in actual results through May and projected natural gas and fuel oil prices for the remainder of this year, the final annual increase was set at $118.9 million. We implemented rates of July 8 based on this final mail. We expected that the final fuel rate would reflect actual year to date result through May and the most up-to-date fuel prices at the time of the decision. So, an annual increase that was $42 million above the interim rate was not a surprise. Given the continued volatility in the fuel markets, our projected under-recovery of fuel cost in Wisconsin remains at $20 million to $40 million for calendar year 2008.  Now moving to potential changes in the Wisconsin fuel rules. In June of 2006, the commission opened a docket to consider revisions to the existing fuel rules. This month, the commission ordered a second comment period on a revised rule. The hearing is to be held in August. The current recommendation calls for modifying the rules to allow for annual plans and reconciliation filings of fuel cost by each utility. In the period between plan and reconciliation escrow accounting would be used to record fuel cost outside a plus or minus 2% annual band of the total fuel costs allowed in rates. The proposed rule further recommends that the escrow balance be trued-up annually following the end of each calendar year. The commission proposed a new rule to become effective in January of 2009. The commission expressed its intent to send a revised rule to the legislature to follow the statutory review process by September of this year.  Now I would like to wrap things up with a review of our earnings guidance for 2008 as well as the third quarter. Based on our results in the first half of our year, and our forecast for the remainder of the year, we are on track with our financial plan. So, our full year guidance remains in the range of $2.80 to $2.90 a share. Looking to outlook for the third quarter, this will be the first full year that we will be operating with the power purchase agreement in Point Beach. As a result, we anticipate the quarterly distribution of earnings will be quite different in 2008 as compared to 2007. Because the power purchase agreement is designed to resemble the change in market prices through the year and those market prices are usually highest during the summer months, we expect the cost of the power purchase agreement will be highest in the third quarter. This factor alone would decrease earnings by approximately $0.20 per share in the third quarter relative to the same period in 2007. As a result, I expect earnings to be down relative to the third quarter of last year because of the shape of the power purchase payments related to Point Beach. At this point, our expectation of earnings in the third quarter is $0.53 per share to $0.57 per share versus $0.70 per share in 2007.  So in summary, while we are very pleased with our results to date, our annual guidance remains unchanged at $2.80 per share to $2.90 per share. So with that, I will turn the call back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa:  Allen, thank you very much. I think you can see from our report that we really made tremendous progress in the last three or four months on a number of very important fronts. We are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and stockholders.  Now I’ll ask our operator to set up the question-and-answer period. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) We'll go first to Greg Gordon with Citigroup. 
Gale Klappa:  Afternoon, Greg.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Hello, guys. How are you?
Gale Klappa:  Good, how you doing?
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  So, (inaudible) there is no longer any opposition to the method of environmental controls at the new coal plants?
Gale Klappa:  It really would not be the environmental controls, Greg, it’s the water intake system.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Sorry, the water intake system, I apologize.
Gale Klappa:  I think that is an accurate statement, yes. 
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  There is no existing party we’re aware of that would at this point pursue an appeal of the revised issued permit?
Gale Klappa:  Greg, there is no existing party that we’re aware of, there’s no party that’s been involved in any of this litigation that is not party to the settlement. And now, let me give you additional detail that may be helpful. The final permit that was in question that we received this morning from the Department of Natural Resources, there is a 60-day period in which an administrative appeal could be lodged against that permit. After the 60 days, if there is no appeal to that permit, then there can be no further appeal. So we have 60 days in front of us, but all the parties who have been active in appealing this permit so far or challenging this permit so far are signatories to the settlement.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  On the three-months delay of the one unit, at this point, are we looking at a slippery slope where we have the potential for further delay beyond the three months or have they come to you, do you think with a really firm assessment of where they’re at and we can count on three months being the outside edge of this?
Gale Klappa:  Well clearly, Bechtel is a very professional organization, as you know. They’ve taken a very long, hard look at what they think the work is remaining in front of them coming out of the winter, and they’ve given us their best estimate. Now, if something crazy happens, if something unforeseen happens, certainly we can’t guarantee that this is the schedule, but with Bechtel having taken a very hard look at what their new plan looks like, what work they have in front of them, what productivity they think they can achieve, we think that is a pretty good schedule.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:  Thank you, gentlemen.
Gale Klappa:  Thanks, Greg.
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go next to Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Around of the annual fuel recovery, does this mean that you are no longer going to have to absorb any excess cost that you could have actually gone through true-up?
Gale Klappa:  And again, all these rules are just being put in place. So, they're the final – as Allen described, they’re the final set of hearings and the final rule that has to be put in place by the Commission. As we understand their current proposal, there would be the 2% bandwidth that Allen described, though our ultimate exposure would be 2% of our fuel costs, plus or minus. And then we also understand there would be an opportunity mid-year for all the Wisconsin utilities to adjust, seek an adjustment to the fuel-recovery rate and anything above or below the 2% would go into escrow. Those are kind of the three major elements. In essence, the first step would be once the fuel rules as we understand them would go into place, but all the utilities would come in, in the fourth quarter of a given calendar year, project their fuel cost for the next calendar year, the Commission would then review that and set a fuel recovery rate that would go into effect in January. It would have the 2% bandwidth exposure plus or minus and an opportunity for a refresher, if you will, at mid-year. That’s our current understanding of the proposal and please note that this is still in the final stages of development, so this could change slightly, but the Commission’s had a long time to look at the manner in which they might want to change the fuel rules and I think we’re headed for implementation sometime around the first of the year.
Allen Leverett:  And Paul, just to be clear, for calendar year 2008, we’re going to be under the existing fuel rules.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  The short answer is you’ve still got the 2% exposure that you could keep or eat?
Gale Klappa:  That is correct.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  With no opportunity to go in ask for recovery of that?
Gale Klappa:  Well, again, there would be a mid-year refresher; and that is under the new rule. The existing rules are as we described and where we have this year we believe a $20-40 million exposure.
Allen Leverett:  And under the existing rules, Paul, you could very easily find yourself in a situation where you under-recover by more than 2%, because you can’t implement a new rate if you go in and file and you have to under-recover on an actual basis before you can make that filing for perspective relief.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  You can only file once you hit 2% and then you got some lag until new rates are implemented and commodity prices can still change further?
Gale Klappa:  Under the current rule, that’s right.
Allen Leverett:  That’s right, Paul.
Gale Klappa:  But we think the shape of the rules as they’re beginning to develop the new rules there would be some improvements going forward.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  What happened with fuel under or over-recovery this quarter relative to last quarter? I guess if you have the absolute terms, that would be very helpful.
Allen Leverett:  Yes, in terms of absolute under-recovery in the second quarter of 2008, I believe we were $6 million under-recovered in the second quarter of 2008. In terms of absolute under-recovery in the second quarter of 2007, we were approximately $18 million under-recovered in the second quarter of 2007.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  So you saw a $12 million pick-up?
Allen Leverett:  In terms of fuel, in terms of relative recovery, that’s right; but remember also, the timing within the year of fuel recoveries is very different, because of the Point Beach PTA.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  And what, do you have the 3Q07 over and under-recovery?
Allen Leverett:  The 3Q07 over/under was we were about $2.5 million under-recovered in the third quarter of ’07.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  But that’s.
Allen Leverett:  But I guess, the nice thing will be in 2009, you have a lot comparability because you do have the Point Beach PTA throughout all of calendar ’08 and then we expect all of calendar 2009.
Gale Klappa:  I think Paul, Allen’s making a good point. 2008 quarter-to-quarter fuel under-recovery versus the prior year may not be as straightforward as you think because of the shape of the purchase power of payments under the Point Beach agreement. It’s a big swing factor, each quarter that was not there last year.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  And as we look at the third quarter, the other things that we need to consider are, you’re going to have Port Washington too? Will you have last year’s, is that correct?
Gale Klappa:  That is correct, in-service and earning the returns.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  And the coal? Is the coal –.
Allen Leverett: 
 :
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Let's go back to Bechtel. You mentioned the guaranteed in-service date. What does the guarantee mean, I guess is the question.
Gale Klappa:  Well, the guaranteed in-service date is just that, that they guarantee the in-service date beyond which there would be potential liquidated damages if the in-service date was not met. Now, having said that, remember we have a turn-key contract here with certain very limited exceptions. One of those exceptions could be for example a weather that impeded construction, weather that Bechtel could not have reasonably foreseen. That’s for example one potential force measure event, that would allow some leeway in the guaranteed in-service date and some exception, if you will, to liquidate damage payments. Rick, anything to add on that? One point that Rick made to me as we were moving from call to call, in fact to Greg’s question on the schedule at Oak Creek and how does that look now that Bechtel has re-forecasted the work? One of the things that clearly impacted Bechtel’s progress was that nearly 100 inches of snow that we had over the course of this past winter. Future winter conditions should have far less impact on the schedule going forward, because Unit 1 will be completely enclosed well before this next winter. As Unit-I and Unit-II at the site were not enclosed, given the construction progress at that point as we went into last winter. The Unit-I will be fully enclosed by well before this winter. So that should be a material plus to continue the kind of progress that Bechtel has made in the last couple of months at the site.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  So who is on the hope for the labor? Is that still Bechtel?
Gale Klappa:  Yes, there is one exception. Again, I mentioned the turn key project with certain limited exceptions. Each of one risk has a limited exception that basically said if you look at the wage rates of the skilled craft at the site, has anything above average annual 4% growth in the scheduled wage rates, we would take the risk on that. Anything else would be Bechtel’s risk. So, at the moment, the wage rates are very trackable, we don’t see that being a significant issue as it relates to the craft labor wage rates at the site.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Jim, just one last question. As you go forward, you mentioned looking at the dividend for ’09. What would envision as the dividend policy. Jim Fleming We will get there before ’09 and we’ll let you know. We’re still taking a hard look at that. We obviously want to have all the flexibility that we can to deliver as much shareholder value as we can and we will give you a very clear revised dividend policy in the not too distant future.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc:  Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa:  More than welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go next to Alex Cunningham [ph] with Merrill Lynch.
Gale Klappa:  Hey, Alex, how’re you doing?
Alex Cunningham – Merrill Lynch:  Hey, great, thanks very much. On the settlement, I was wondering if you’ve actually established the date next to when you’re going to come to terms with that. Or is it a little up in the air at this point?
Gale Klappa: 
 :
Alex Cunningham – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, great. The other question which has come, the fuel under-recoveries for this year, I was just looking at where natural gas is right now and comparing it to where gas was I guess based on the interim when it was filed in April, and it’s a little bit higher than where it was in April but that is certainly a lot lower than where it was, I guess, during your first quarter earnings call, and I was just wondering how come that 10% or so decline isn’t necessarily making you feel any better about getting towards the lower end of that under-recovery?
Gale Klappa:  If you recall, the basic rate that is now set in our fuel-recovery cause, was tied to the latest natural gas strip. It really was for June I believe, because the order was in early July. To get the proper comparison, you really need to look at the natural gas strip was going forward for the remainder of the year before the end of June, or at the end of June. And clearly, given what has happened in the last couple of weeks to natural gas prices, the current natural gas prices are better than that, so that’s helpful. But if you look at the volatility and if just look at the plant outages that we have in terms of maintenance going forward, I think Allen’s current view and mine, is $20-40 million under-recovered and that’s a pretty good range. And really it hasn’t changed from where we thought it was, I mean, and of course as we go forward now, with more hedging in place and the number of months that we have behind us in the year, the volatility should decrease a little bit. But right now, we think that’s a good estimate and that lines up with our $2.80-2.90 a share annual guidance.
Alex Cunningham – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, great. Thanks.
Gale Klappa:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. We’ll go next to Maurice May with Power Insights.
Gale Klappa:  Hi, Maurie, how you doing today?
Maurice May – Power Insights:  Okay. How’re you folks?
Gale Klappa:  Doing good.
Maurice May – Power Insights:  A couple of questions. First of all on the new fuel rule for 2009; you termed them, Gale, a quote some improvement, and I don’t understand that improvement. I know you have the mid-year update on the one hand, but on the other hand, shareholders will still eat that first 2% under recovery, will they not, and that won’t be subject to the mid-year update.
Gale Klappa:  Well, the mid-year update could certainly help mitigate the 2%.
Maurice May – Power Insights:  It can.
Gale Klappa:  But the element, Maurie, that I think is important here, right now, your fuel recovery rate, as it exists, has to stay in place until you trip the bandwidth and actually experience and project a more than 2% under-recovery in fuel, okay?
Maurice May – Power Insights:  Okay.
Gale Klappa:  The improvements that I see here is that the Commission will allow all the Wisconsin utilities to submit a filing in the fourth quarter of the calendar year, projecting their next calendar year fuel costs, and then theoretically, have a reasonable projection of those costs in place on January 1. So that should help mitigate the exposure to the 2%.
Maurice May – Power Insights:  Okay, but there is a mid-year update. Mid-year implying..
Gale Klappa:  There is a mid-year refresher exactly how it will work, no one is sure yet, because all of this has to be finalized, out in place and administered, so we’re at the very beginning of a change here.
Allen Leverett:  And Maurie, as you know, from a practical standpoint, you kind of look at our situation this year. If we have these new rules in place this year, our maximum potential exposure would be approximately $20 million. Well, because we’re under the existing rules, we’re sitting here today telling you exposure to be as much as $40 million. So from a practical standpoint, I think it really supports the statement that Gale was making about the fact that this would be a step in the right direction in terms more reasonable set of fuel rules.
Maurice May – Power Insights:  Okay, so just as an example, if by mid-year, you are 1.5% under-recovered, you can ask for that adjustment?
Gale Klappa:  Again, we’re not exactly sure how the mid-year will work, the Commission hasn’t defined that yet, we can certainly ask for an adjustment.
Maurice May – Power Insights:  Okay, okay, good. And then moving on to the dividend review, I thought earlier this was supposed to be an undertaking in 2009 and now you’re talking about a review in the second half of 2008 to become effective in 2009. I noticed that the last five years, you’ve boosted your dividends in either January or by February. So what you’re saying is you won’t give up a new dividend sometime in the second half of 2008 that would become effective probably with the first quarter of ’09. Is that correct?
Allen Leverett:  Well, we didn’t say when we would announce the new dividend policy. I mean jus to be clear, what we said was we will review the dividend policy in 2008 for a potential change in 2009. Now typically Maurie, what we do is, whatever the dividend is going to be for the current year, usually we make that announcement in February of that year. So if we follow with that pattern, we do our review with the Board say in the fourth quarter, and then in February of ’09 we would to the extent there are any changes in the dividend policy, we would announce those say in about February of 2009, but that policy we would expect to be implemented for a full calendar year in 2009. And Gale, anything you want to add to that?
Gale Klappa:  That’s exactly correct.
Maurice May – Power Insights:  This policy would be in terms of what, like a payout ratio target?
Gale Klappa:  We’ll provide you all the specific details as soon as we have them worked out.
Maurice May – Power Insights:  Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you very much folks.
Gale Klappa:  Welcome Maurie.
Operator:  Thank you, we’ll go next to Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Gale Klappa:  Nathan, you’re on almost the same time zone.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities:  Good afternoon. We are. It’s easier to do it at 2.00 PM than it is at 7.00. With regard to sales, noticed that there is an acceleration and sales decline when you’re nearing the second quarter. Could you just give us an update on how much of the decline was related to weather and how much that was related to perhaps conservation in the slowing economy?
Gale Klappa:  I’ll be happy to. First of all, I think that the lion’s share of the decline was really due to the fact that we really had almost no air-conditioning demand at all in the month of June. We have not yet had in this part of the Midwest, we have not had a 90 degree day yet this summer. So we really didn’t see any air-conditioning demand in the month of June at all this year. So the lack of residential demand from air-conditioning, I think played a big role in the decline in electricity sales for the quarter. We are seeing in terms of the economy Nathan, we’re clearly seeing a slowdown in the rate of household formation. Our customer growth, just looking back over the last five years, the customer growth we’re seeing this year is about half of the customer growth we were seeing on a percentage basis is in the prior five years. So from an economic standpoint, I think the first thing we’re seeing in the slowdown in customer growth or slowdown in household formation. The industrial side of the economy is actually holding up reasonably well. Where we are seeing spots of weakness are in paper production and in automotive parts and automotive manufacturing. For example, steel production, the iron-ore mines in the upper plains of Michigan, very strong. So we’re seeing some real pockets of strength in the economy here that are largely offsetting the weakness from paper production and the automotive sector. And again, we have a lot of industrial companies here in our region that we serve, that are very tied to the export market. So they’re also doing very well. That’s kind of a snapshot for you, but I think a large chunk of what we saw in the second quarter was clearly tied, in terms the decline in energy sales, it is clearly tied to the lack of air-conditioning demand. Now it is supposed to be 95 a month and let’s hope that turns around.
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities:  If residential continues to grow less quickly or perhaps even see a decline, let’s say, and industrial begins to outpace in terms of growth, is there any impact on your margin that you could potentially see if this was an elongated effect?
Gale Klappa:  Certainly, you could see some impacts on margins from the declining residential and commercial, really. The declining residential would probably have a greater impact on the margins than declining commercial. But again, we are not seeing negative household growth. We are still seeing growth in the customer base just not at the same rate that we saw, say on average over the past five years. Things never got from an economic standpoint, things never got as exuberant here as perhaps they did in some other states and on the coasts. So, I just don’t see at the moment the kind of precipitous decline for our region that some may be starting to experience. 
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities:  I wanted to also ask about the new potential wind site and how that could potentially affect future CapEx plans. When would those sites be a potentially viable (inaudible) and when would you look to try to build new wind in the future?
Gale Klappa:  As we mentioned, we just concluded the exercise of an option that we had negotiated with FPL as part of all the possessions surrounding the sale of the Point Beach nuclear plant. We negotiated an option with FPL for the purchase of a fully permitted wind site and we just closed on that option just a matter of couple of weeks ago. As I mentioned in the script, it is in North East Columbia County in Central Wisconsin. Very good wind site and we think again, depending upon the equipment we select and the final layout of the turbines, it could be somewhere between a 100 megawatt and 200 megawatt wind site. We will begin the permit process immediately and we are thinking late 2010 or 2011 when that wind site could go into service. That would be the first step there toward the additional renewables that we think we will need. 
Allen Leverett:  But in terms of the three-year capital outlook that we’ve been providing, we included in the outlook capital in 2009 and 2010 associated with wind projects. So, essentially what you are seeing is some specificity now of where that capital is likely to be deployed. However, I would say in those capital outlooks that we gave before, the working assumption that we made was that the capital cost would be in the range of $2000 a KW. I think based on what’s been happening, since even we did those forecasts last fall we are seeing some significant inflation in the cost per KW. So, what before we felt was we might be able to do say, 2000 a KW should be as much as $2500 a KW. So, you could see the numbers come up slightly because of that , you know, Gale, anything you’d like to add?
Gale Klappa:  No, you get it Allen. But the large amount of the capital, perhaps not a 100% of it, but the lion’s share of the capital for our next wind project is, as Allen said, in the capital forecast. 
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities:  All right, thank you. And then my final question is, coming back to the delay at Oak Creek, and bear with me, perhaps fingering on this topic, but what actual costs do you incur related to the delay. That would cost $0.03 a quarter, is it fuel cost? I obviously understand the cost to carry, but you do get that part, as I understand, get that back. So, what other additional costs do you incur? 
Gale Klappa:  And I let you Allen give you some more detail as well. But the real driver in terms of, say a one-month delay in 2009 in the in-service state of Unit 1 at Oak Creek. That $0.03 decline in projected earnings or a one-month delay is really tied to the fact that we cannot put into reported earnings the actual earnings on the project until the project is commercial. So, in essence the cash continues to come in. The cash will continue to be put until the unit is commercial in the deferred revenue account. We will earn through customer rates the cash carrying costs. But it simply can’t be put into earnings and reported in earnings until the unit is declared commercial. Allen?
Allen Leverett:  Yes. So, Nathan, you sort of asked, as Gale mentioned. Going one way or sort of a reduction in earnings, if you will is relative to a situation when you put the unit in service you are not able to recognize the release time as Gale mentioned. You are also not able to begin recognizing the amortization of the deferred revenue that’s already built up. So, those are two negative factors if you will, two factors that could push it back the other way somewhat. You don’t begin recognizing depreciation of course until the plant goes into service. You do have the continued ability to capitalize interest. So, a net of all those four factors combined together brings you to that $0.03 per share per month rule of thumb that Gale mentioned in the script. 
Gale Klappa:  And Nathan, that’s for Unit 1. For Unit 2, as you recall, Bechtel is now forecasting one month early. And because all the positive factors that Allen mentioned because those would go into the income statement a month early, band [ph] on Unit 2 would represent a $0.02 a share pick up a month in 2010.
Allen Leverett:  Is that – while we haven’t received a calming, that will be subject to negotiation. If there are LDs, the LDs don’t go to the benefit of the shareholder, they go to the benefit of the customer. 
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Cash wise, there would be a little impact then, if I understand all of that?
Gale Klappa:  I think that’s a fair assessment. Yes. 
Nathan Judge – Atlantic Equities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Gale Klappa:  You are more than welcome, Nathan.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Hi guys. Congratulations on reaching an agreement with Clean Wisconsin. Couple of questions. One, little bit – 
Gale Klappa:  We are doing okay with the environmental groups, but the breadth [ph] part of thing, we have to get under control. 
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  You know, it’s those Mississippi guys, Allen and Gale. What can you do about them, right? 
Allen Leverett:  Just to be clear Michael, there was nothing in my earnings forecast for severance –
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  That’s right. Or to pay him to bring him back. Couple of questions. First of all, in the first quarter, besides the amortization gain that you took with Point Beach, you also had, I think it was like $41 million in change on deferred fuel cost and $43 million, $44 million related to deferred bad debt cost. How does that get treated when I think about you guidance for the year?
Allen Leverett:  In terms of earnings guidance?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Yes, just thinking about your EPS guidance for the year.
Allen Leverett:  In terms of the earnings guidance those particular items that you mentioned would have no impact at all on reported earnings because you have a regulatory asset on your balance sheet that you no longer have. So, that would have been $85 million in total deferred fuel costs and deferred bad debt costs. So, that $85 million reg asset goes away. But at the same time we’ve discharged $85 million towards the regulatory liability associated with sale of Point Beach. And those two from an earnings standpoint, just offset each other. However, from a cash standpoint, obviously that’s $85 million pre-tax that comes under the company. 
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Understood. Okay, few other questions. Haven’t heard anybody talk lately about growth projects at ATC. Can you talk about – and I know you are not a majority owner, can you talk about what major projects ATC either has underway right now under construction or that its petitioning to build over the next couple of years, I’m going to say major, kind of greater than the $7500 million range?
Allen Leverett:  The two biggest ones, there was one project that was approved very recently may have – if for some reason you are reading some of the local papers here that refer to as (inaudible) sales project which essential is another timeline, if you will, to Illinois. That’s about $100 million project, Michael. That was just approved by the commission and that will be under construction soon. The other big items that’s out there, there are a number of projects that are being considered in Dane County around Madison. That could easily be $200 million plus, but that’s something that is yet to come before the commission. So, there are certainly some big projects that are underway, some others that are potentially will come underway, but it will take the commission quite a while with the Dane County one. Everything else I would say is generally well below your $100 million threshold. And in terms of overall capital spending at ATC, and it could be certainly be a number of years, (inaudible) you look at Michael, anywhere from $300 million to $400 million a year. So, there are still looking at very significant capital program at least the next four or five years, and probably beyond. 
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Got it. Final question. A little bit unrelated, and Gale, just coming back to the winds plant development. I want to make sure I understand, so you’ve got the site from FPL, and I may have misheard. Are you saying that there is another site as well that you are considering a plant in addition to the one on the FPL side, or is that all one and the same item?
Gale Klappa:  Well, at the moment that’s one and the same item. Now we do have as I mentioned, we do have a pretty steep curve coming down the road here to get to the renewable mandate for 2015. So, Rick and his team are really going to be developing a significant plan going forward here, and a lot of that work on that plan will be coming in the next six to seven to eight months. But it would be a broader look at how are we going to get precisely to where we need to be by 2015. But what we talked about so far, the next step is the filing for the regulatory approvals now that we have obtained the site, the fully permitted site from FPL in Central Wisconsin. 
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Actually I apologize. I have a follow on and it is almost a legal or regulatory one. As I understand Wisconsin state law, the environmental regulations for mercury and I think for Sox are not by (inaudible) have to be more stricter than federal ones. With Care & Kramer [ph] now cost by the US circuit court of appeals, how does that impact the regulation in Wisconsin that would have – that is driving you to put the scrubbers on the south Oak Creek side?
Gale Klappa:  The scrubbers on the south Oak Creek side really are in the requirement for that is separate and apart from the mercury rule or the Care & Kramer. The requirement for the scrubbers on the NOx controls at the existing Oak Creek units is driven by our consent decree with the EPA that was signed back in 2003. So those must go forward. And I am confident they will go forward with the authority we now got from the commission. In terms of the mercury rule itself that you mentioned, the Wisconsin governor does want a mercury rule that is stricter than the federal rule and regardless of the what goes on at the federal level, we are in the final process of – the state is in the final process of really getting approved a new mercury rule that we think will give us some flexibility in terms of meeting the higher standards. 
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Got it. Okay, thank you guys. And once again congratulations. 
Gale Klappa:  More than welcome. Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And we got time for one more question. That will come from Paul Patterson [ph].
Gale Klappa:  Greetings Paul. How are doing?
Paul Patterson:  Hi, how are doing.
Gale Klappa:  I am good. 
Paul Patterson:  Did you guys actually give a number on the cost of the overrun that Bechtel is going to have?
Gale Klappa:  First of all, Bechtel has not made any specific claims as of yet. I don’t believe we will get any specific claims from Bechtel in terms of their quantification, probably till the end of the year. And then as I mentioned on the call, we think we have several important layers of protection in place. And so now there is no quantification at this point at all. 
Paul Patterson:  I don’t. Actually, I think everything else has been asked. Thank you. Thanks a lot guys. Congratulations on the settlement. By the way, is there anything that you guys are giving up in the settlement or anything that – you said you have to get approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission, correct?
Gale Klappa:  There are certain elements of the settlement agreement that will have to be reviewed and approved by the Wisconsin Commission. Again, I view this settlement as a positive set forward for us, and you will be apprised of all the details in the joint announcement with the environmental groups next week. 
Paul Patterson:  Okay great. Thanks a lot. 
Gale Klappa:  You are more than welcome. That I believe concludes our conference call for today. Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate your participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson will be available in our investor relations office at 414-221-2592. Thank you much. Good afternoon everybody.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Colleen F. Henderson - Manager of Strategic Planning & Investor Relations Gale E. Klappa - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Allen L. Leverett - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Frederick D. Kuester - Executive Vice President James C. Fleming - Executive Vice President, General Counsel Jeffrey P. West - Vice President and Treasurer Steve Dickson - Controller
Analysts: Doug Fischer - Wachovia Greg Gordon - Citigroup Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Maurice May - Power Insights Edward Hine - Catapult Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Scott Angstrom - Bleinhelm Capital Management Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities
Colleen F. Henderson: Good afternoon and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's 2008 first quarter conference call. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-looking language: all statements in this presentation other than historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management’s expectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions and other factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors described in the company’s latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated.  During the discussions, referenced earnings per share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted.  This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast and all participants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation, the conference will be open to analyst for questions and answers.  In conjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website a package of detailed financial information on its 2008 first quarter results at www.wisconsinenergy.com.  A replay of our remarks will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call.  And now I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin Energy Corporation. 
Gale E. Klappa: Colleen, thank you and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us on our conference call to review the company’s 2008 first quarter results. Let me begin as always by introducing the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of We Generation; Allen Leverett, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, our General Counsel; Jeff West, Treasurer; and Steve Dickson, Controller.  I am very pleased with what we accomplished in the of this year. We received a final order on our retail rate case in Wisconsin and we continued to move forward on our power the future construction plan. We also set new company records for financial and operational performance. Allen will review our results in detail in just a moment. As you saw from our news release this morning, we earned $1.04 a share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2008. That compares with $0.85 a share for the first quarter last year.  Now I would like to just spend a moment or two on our continuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our Power the Future plan is fundamental to the principal of self-sufficiency. Components of our focus on self-sufficiency include investing in two combined cycle gas fired units at Port Washington north of Milwaukee; construction of two super critical pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, which is south of the city and our plans to build a significant amount of new wind generation.  As you’ll recall, back in November of 2002 the Public Service Commission approved the building of two natural gas fired units at our Port Washington site. The first unit at Port went into commercial service in July of 2005 on time and on budget.  Engineering, construction, and commissioning for the second unit are now essentially complete and we’ve moved on to final tuning and testing. We fully expect the unit to begin commercial service before the end of the second quarter this year. The cost for unit two won’t be finalized for a while yet as several post operational items must be completed but the unit is projected to meet our financial expectations.  Now let’s turn to the status of the two new coal fired units at Oak Creek. At the end of March, the project was approximately 55% complete, with unit one and common facilities at 65% complete and unit two at 27% complete.  The project at Oak Creek can be broadly divided into three major systems -- power island, the bulk material handling systems, and the cooling water intake system. I’d like to brief you on the status of each of these major systems.  Power island comprises the two units, each with its own boiler, turbine, generator, and air quality control equipment. Our contractor, Vectel Power Corporation, is continuing to focus their efforts on the time critical activities, including the erection and welding of pressure parts in the boiler. Work also continues on the installation of the unit one bag house that will remove particulate matter from the exhaust gas and on the selected catalytic reactor that will remove nitrogen oxides. Vectel is also preparing to install the coal conveyor that will move coal from the new coal handling system we’ve built to the units themselves. In addition, the 345 KV transmission line that will export power from the site has already been built.  Turning now to the bulk material handling, our focus has been on clearing the old coal dock in preparation for the new limestone receiving and gypsum loading facilities. Limestone will be used to remove sulfur dioxide from the flu gas. Gypsum is the by-product that will be exported offsite and is expect to be used for the manufacture of wall boards.  Elevations for the conveyor systems and transfer towers are proceeding well and ducting for underground utilities is not being installed. Expect this new system to be in service late this year or early in 2009 to support the start-up and testing of unit one next summer.  Now I will turn to the status of the cooling water system and later, we’ll address the permitting issue. We have completed all offshore construction of the tunnel and the water intake. The tunnel will provide cooling water to the existing four units at Oak Creek and also to the two new units. Our contractor is installing mechanical and electrical equipment in the new Oak Creek pump station and expects to begin start-up of the system later this year.  Now, a difficult winter clearly slowed construction progress at the site. However, Vectel is increasing its workforce to make up for lost time and continues at the moment to forecast that the units will be completed on or before the guaranteed schedule. The guaranteed schedule, as you may recall, calls for the first unit at Oak Creek to begin commercial service at the end of September 2009, the second unit following one year later in September 2010, and we are tracking within the approved construction budget.  Also as you know, there are four major permits needed to build the facilities at Oak Creek. These include an air permit, a wetlands permit, a permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and finally a water pollution discharge elimination permit. We have received all of these permits and each of them remains in effect unless it is overturned by a court or an administrative law judge.  Back in September of ’05, we resolved all legal challenges to the air permit. Also, in February of ’06, we resolved the outstanding legal challenges to the wetlands permit. Our permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was received in May of 2005 and this permit relates solely to the building of facilities that are now already complete. To date, no appeals have been launched against this permit.  On the last permit, the Wisconsin pollution discharge elimination system permit, a contestant case hearing was held during March of 2006 and in July of that, a Wisconsin administrative law judge upheld the decision by the Department of Natural Resources to issue the permit. Parties opposing the plant than filed for judicial review in Dane County Circuit Court. In March of last year, the Dane County Circuit Court issued its ruling -- the court affirmed and importantly respects the decision of the DNR to issue the permit, also remanded certain aspects of the permit in light of a federal case called River Keeper 2 that could affect power plants nationwide.  Following that decision, two threshold questions had to be answered -- whether the new units at Oak Creek qualified technically as an expansion of an existing plant, and whether the water intake system we have chosen is still the best technology available.  We believe that the additions at Oak Creek did qualify as an expansion of an existing facility and the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources also believed this. However, in a decision last November, the administrative law judge in the case ruled that the units must be treated as a new facility for purposes of this permit. We have submitted to DNR a request to modify our permit and we have provided additional data to demonstrate that we comply with the rules for new facilities. We expect that DNR will issue a draft modified permit for public comment before the end of May.  The bottom line is this -- we are convinced the water intake structure we’ve built is the best environmental solution. [inaudible] of the impact on the lake, it results in lower air emissions, less use of coal, and less use of Lake Michigan water than other types of cooling systems.  And now I would like to update you on our Blue Sky Greenfield wind project. In February of 2007, the Public Service Commission approved the project as a traditional utility rate base investment. In late March last year, we signed an agreement with Vestas Wind Systems for 88 turbines. Each of the 88 turbines has a capacity of 1.65 megawatts. The cost of this project is expected to be approximately $300 million excluding capitalized carrying costs.  Construction began at the site last summer and now all 88 of the wind turbines have been erected. Electrical wiring and mechanical completion are underway and in fact the first wind turbine was commissioned in early February and produced electric power for the first time on February 9.  As of today, 52 of the 88 turbines have been commissioned and are capable of producing electricity. We expect to achieve commercial operation of the entire wind farm by the end of May. The project remains on schedule and on budget.  Now Wisconsin, as you have head, has in place a renewable portfolio standard that increases from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at a statewide level. The standard sets targets for each of the utilities using an historical base line. Using that base line, approximately 8.5% of our retail electricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. Meeting the more aggressive 2015 targets will require several additional renewable projects.  So to keep moving forward, we have exercised an option with FPL Energy to purchase all rights to a new wind site in central Wisconsin. We expect FPL will transfer the site to us within the next few months -- plan to install approximately 100 megawatts of new wind capacity there, with a projected in-service date would be late 2010 or early 2011.  We are also close to receiving a decision from the Wisconsin commission on our request to install new air quality controls on the existing units at our Oak Creek power plant. This would require an investment of some $750 million. Hearings and final briefs on the project have been completed and we expect to hear from the commission shortly. If approved, the emission controls would be scheduled for service 2012.  I should also mention two other brief regulatory matters. In January, we filed a rate request with the Michigan Public Service Commission for $22 million. We expect an order from the Michigan commission in the fourth quarter of this year.  And on March 13, we filed a request with the Wisconsin commission to increase our fuel recovery rate, driven by the surging price of natural gas and the higher cost of transporting coal by rail. We expect these high fuel costs will continue at least for the remainder of 2008.  The commission approved a $76.9 million annual increase which was effective on April 15. Revenues are subject to refund, of course, pending review and final approval. Allen will provide more information on fuel in just a moment, but it is worth nothing that fuel costs have continued to escalate since we filed this request.  Finally, before I turn things over to Allen, I would like to give you a quick update on economic conditions here in Wisconsin. Overall, we continue to be pleased with how well our large commercial and industrial customers are faring. Kilowatt hour use in this segment was up 2% versus the first quarter last year. We saw a strong growth in the healthcare, chemical, mining, and primary metal segments. Also, manufacturing of equipment for export markets did quite well. However, we continue to see weakness in automotive parts and in the production of paper products.  Growth in the small commercial and residential segments has slowed somewhat on a weather-adjusted basis. Electric usage in these segments grew, again on a weather adjusted basis, about 0.5%. Comparable growth rates that we saw in 2007 for these segments was about 1%. Forecast for housing stock growth and employment growth in Wisconsin have also declined recently but overall, I would say that our economy has held up quite well. We’ll continue to keep you posted as we move throughout the year.  With that, I will turn the call over to Allen who will give you more details on our financial performance for the first quarter of 2008. Allen. 
Allen L. Leverett: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned earlier, our first quarter earnings from continuing operations were $1.04 per share in 2008, as compared to $0.85 in 2007. I will focus on operating income by segment and then touch on other income statement items. I will also discuss cash flows for the quarter and briefly review our earnings guidance for 2008. Our consolidated operating income was $218 million as compared to $185 million in the first quarter of 2007, for an increase of $33 million. Operating income in our utility energy segment totaled $207 million for an increase of $29 million over the first quarter of 2007.  Before I discuss the primary drivers, I would like to remind you of a couple of developments that caused significant changes individual items in the income statement. First, last September we sold our Point Beach nuclear plant and entered into a long-term power purchase agreement with the new owner. Since we no longer own Point Beach, our results this year do not include operating or maintenance costs related to the facility, nor do we incur any depreciation or decommissioning costs associated with the plant.  However, our fuel and purchased power costs this year have increased as a result of the power purchase agreement we now have. Also, as we mentioned in our February conference call, we expect to see a different quarterly distribution of costs and earnings this year as a result of the power purchase agreement.  In addition, our income statement reflects $159 million of gain amortization. This item relates to the gain on the Point Beach sale that is being used for the benefit of our customers. The first quarter of 2008 we issued $74 million in bill credits to our customers and we also recorded a one-time $85 million amortization of the gain to match the amortization of $85 million of deferred costs.  I would like to briefly expand on these two new items. The January 2008 Wisconsin rate order resulted in about a 17% increase in electric rates. This increase was needed to recover increased costs associated with transmission expense and environment expenditures, as well as the lease payments and O&M costs associated with our new power plans and our continued investment in renewables.  However, our customers as a group will only see about a 3% rate increase for 2008 as the balance will be funded through bill credits resulting from the gain on the sale of Point Beach. While we look at the bill credits as a form of revenue, GAAP requires us to record the bill credits as part of the amortization of the gain as we are collecting the cash from the restricted cash accounts and not the customers.  However, once all the Point Beach gain has been returned to customers, the full 17% increase will be paid by customers and hence reflected in operating revenues at that point.  As I mentioned above, the January 2008 rate order allowed us to use $85 million of the Point Beach gain to immediately recover $85 million of regulatory assets related to deferred fuel and deferred bad debt expenses. This entry had no net impact on our operating income as the amortization of the gain was offset by the amortization of the expenses, but it did allow us to recover cash that had previously been spent on the deferred items.  Now with these two items as background, I would like to address the primary drives in our utility operating income for the first quarter of 2008. First, we estimate that the extended cold and snowy winter increased our electric and gas margins by approximately $14 million. We also estimate that price increases to our wholesale customers increased revenue by approximately $10 million. A large part of this increase relates to rates that went into affect in May of 2007, so we do not expect to see a large annual increase for this item.  Partially offsetting these items is the effect of the 2008 Point Beach PPA costs in excess of our 2007 operating costs. We estimate that this reduced operating income by $13 million.  If you net all of the items above, this still leaves $18 million of positive items. In short, this $18 million represents the net impact of the January 2008 rate order on the first quarter alone. However, I want to remind you that we believe that this January 2008 rate order, taken in combination with the reduction in rate base from the sale of Point Beach, will be relatively neutral on an annual basis. Our rates were set assuming annual costs; however, there are some significant costs that are scheduled to be incurred later in the year. These costs include the Point Beach PPA costs in the third quarter and the depreciation on the new wind farms that we expect to begin in the second quarter.  Operating income in the non-utility energy and corporate and other segments, which primarily includes We Power, was up by $4 million. The primary driver of this increase was the placing in service of the new coal handling facility at the Oak Creek expansion.  Taking the changes for each of these segments together brings you back to the $33 million increase in operating income for 2008.  Other income was down by about $2 million in 2008, the largest negative driver related to carrying charges on regulatory assets. In connection with the January 2008 rate order, we stopped accruing carrying charges on several regulatory assets as these assets were now considered part of rate base and setting rates.  Earnings from our investment in the American Transmission Company are also included in other income and these earnings were up approximately $800,000 for the quarter.  Total interest expense was down $4 million. This decrease is largely driven by our ability to capitalize interest related to construction activity.  Consolidated income tax expense increased $13 million as compared to 2007. This increase was driven by higher earnings offset in part by a slightly lower effective tax rate. I expect that our effective tax rate this year will be between 36% and 38%.  Adding these items brings you to $123 million of net income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2008 versus $101 million in the first quarter of 2007. These earnings result in earnings per share of $1.04 in the first quarter of 2008 as compared to $0.85 in the first quarter of 2007.  Now I would like to turn to cash flow. During the first quarter of 2008, we generated $344 million of cash from operations on a GAAP basis, which is down $19 million from the first quarter of 2007. While net income was up substantially, our uses of cash for working capital were also up, primarily in the area of accounts receivable and unbilled revenues related to natural gas sales. We also expect to collect these receivables later in the year.  Cash from operations was also reduced $48 million because of the timing of our contribution to our pension plan. This year the contribution was made in the first quarter, whereas last year it was made in the third quarter. On an adjusted basis, our cash from operations totaled $432 million. The adjusted number includes the $88 million of cash impact of the bill credits and the one-time amortization of the gain.  Under GAAP, the cash from the bill credits is reflected in the change in restricted cash, which GAAP defines as an investing activity. From a management standpoint, we consider this an operating source of cash as it directly relates to the bill credits and the one-time amortization.  In 2008, we will provide both GAAP and adjusted measures of cash flow. We believe the adjusted measure is more representative of the company’s ability to generate cash from operations for two reasons. First, the customer credits are being funded from the proceeds of the Point Beach sale that are set aside in a restricted cash account as opposed to from operations; and second, once all of the Point Beach proceeds have been returned to customers, our prices and hence customer bills will reflect the full cost of electricity without any credits.  Capital spending was approximately $348 million in the first quarter of 2008, which is slightly higher than 2007 but on track with our annual plan. We expect to spend $1.2 billion of capital this year to support the PTF construction program, the addition of wind generation, and ongoing utility infrastructure improvements. In the first quarter, we paid $32 million in common dividends.  On a GAAP basis, our debt to capital ratio was 57.6% as of March 2008. We were at 54.4% on an adjusted basis. This is down from our December 31, 2007 GAAP levels of 58.6% and 55.3% adjusted.  The adjusted amounts treat 50% of our hybrid securities as common equity, which is the approach used by the majority of the rating agencies. Given the continued high level of capital spending in 2008 and the fact that no significant asset sales are planned this year, I would expect our debt-to-capital ratio to increase slightly as of December 31, 2008, as compared to December 31, 2007.  Our goal now is to maintain our adjusted debt to capital ratio at no more than 60% during the period we are constructing our new gas and coal fire generation. We are using cash to satisfy any shares required for our 401K plan, options, and other programs. Going forward, we do not expect to issue any additional shares.  Now I would like to wrap things up with a review of our earnings guidance for 2008. In our February 2008 conference call, we affirmed our 2008 earnings guidance in the range of $2.80 to $2.90 per share. This guidance was based on normal weather for the entire year, expected earnings contributions from the second Port Washington unit, and a full year of earnings from the coal handling system at Oak Creek. Offsetting these items was the loss of the rate base associated with the Point Beach plant as well as a lower authorized return on equity in the Wisconsin retail jurisdiction.  While we were very pleased with the first quarter results, we are not in a position to change our 2008 earnings guidance because of the uncertainty related to the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.  As background, our original 2008 rates were based on natural gas prices of $7.60 per decatherm and diesel fuel prices of $2.84 per gallon. Our interim rate relief in April was based on natural gas prices of $9.23 per decatherm and diesel prices of $3.54 per gallon. Today, just under two months later, the projected natural gas prices are at $10.39 per decatherm and the diesel prices are at $3.96 per gallon.  While we do not expect to file for another fuel rate increase, you can see that the continued increase in energy prices will have a negative impact on our business. In our original guidance, we estimated that our annual fuel recoveries would range from between being fully recovered and $15 million under-recovered. Today, with the dramatic rise in natural gas and diesel fuel prices, we estimate that we will have been $20 million and $40 million in under-recovered fuel costs. And this estimate includes the $77 million emergency increase we received effective April 15th.  So our full year guidance remains in the range of $2.80 to $2.90 a share.  We will not be giving any specific quarterly earnings guidance but I did want to provide some input to you on what to expect in terms of the distribution of earnings for the rest of the year. This will be the first full year that we will be operating with the power purchase agreement from Point Beach. As a result, we anticipate the quarterly distribution of earnings will be quite different in 2008 as compared to 2007. Because the power purchase agreement is designed to resemble the change in market prices throughout the year and those market prices are usually highest during the summer months, we expect the cost of the power purchase agreement will be highest in the third quarter. In addition, because we no longer own Point Beach, we will not incur the higher operating costs during the quarters when the nuclear units are shut down for refueling outages.  These factors alone would increase our earnings by approximately $0.08 per share in the second quarter relative to 2007 and decrease earnings by approximately $0.20 per share in the third quarter. Also, keep in mind when you are making projections of our earnings for the second quarter of 2008 that in the second quarter of 2007, we booked a combined $0.08 per share in earnings from the settlement of a billing dispute with our largest customers and the sale of land in northern Wisconsin and upper Michigan.  In summary, given these factors, along with the fuel recovery situation, I currently expect earnings in the second quarter to be flat to slightly down as compared to last year. Looking to the third quarter, I expect earnings to be down relative to the third quarter of last year because of the shape of the power purchase payment related to Point Beach.  So in summary, while we are very pleased with our results to date, our annual guidance remains unchanged. Benefits that we have realized from the first quarter weather are expected to be offset by higher under-recovered fuel and purchased power costs and also we still have eight months of weather uncertainty ahead of us.  So with that, I will turn things back over to Gale. 
Gale E. Klappa: Allen, thank you very much. Overall we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and stockholders. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question from Doug Fischer from Wachovia. 
Doug Fischer - Wachovia: Just a question about Oak Creek -- obviously coal construction has seen a lot of labor inflation and I know that is one thing that while you had protected yourself quite well against a lot of the escalation we’ve seen, that is one thing you are somewhat at risk for. Can you discuss whether the wage inflation, the added workforce, are issues that could cause the costs to go above what the current budget is?
Gale E. Klappa: Sure. We’ll be happy to address that and if Rick would like to add anything to my comments, feel free.  First of all, just to remind you about the manner in which we protected ourselves against wage inflation in the contract with Vectel. Essentially, in Vectel’s budget, they have planned for average annual wage increase in the craft rates of 4%. And again, the average annual is a very important element of that contract, so inflation in terms of the wage rates for the craft personnel of the site have to rise by more than an average annual of 4%.  We are fortunate that when we began construction the early years came in slightly beneath that, so while we do have some exposure, there is not question that the contract and the shape of the contract and agreement that we made with Vectel does give us some protection.  Now having said that, Vectel is adding workforce and they are going to be paying some higher rates going forward. But I don’t see any huge impact at the moment in terms of pushing us over budget simply from this particular element. 
Doug Fischer - Wachovia: And you would, of course, be able to go to the commission to argue the justification for any costs that might take you over the budget?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, the commission authorized basically a dollar amount for the construction and then gave us a 5% additional amount that if prudently spent could be recovered for the plant. But right now we are tracking within the budget, not counting the 5%. 
Doug Fischer - Wachovia: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Greg Gordon of Citigroup. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Good afternoon. 
Gale E. Klappa: Did you make it back from the wilds of Oak Creek?
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: We did. It’s an amazing facility -- really truly immense infrastructure project. 
Gale E. Klappa: It really is. I’m glad you had a chance to see it. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: When we talk about -- you talked about the delta on the potential for fuel under recoveries going from a budget of 15 to potentially as high as 40. Given the way your fuel adjustment clause works, is that -- refresh my memory on how your fuel recovery mechanism works and how much of that delta, which is sort of $25 million pretax, might flow directly to the bottom line. 
Gale E. Klappa: I will start out and I will ask Allen to add as well. Again, our original financial plan for 2008 in the 280 to 290 range that we gave you was from zero, meaning fully recovered, to $15 million under-recovered. And as Allen is saying now, given the way fuel prices have really sky-rocketed and given our experience in the first quarter, even with the emergency fuel increase that we were granted, it’s looking like $20 million to $40 million. But again, I think Allen stated it well. If you look at the strong results in the first quarter offset with what we expect to be lower fuel recoveries than we had planned or worse under recovery than we had planned, we are still staying within the 280 to 290.  In terms of how the fuel clause works here in Wisconsin, it is quite complicated but in an over-generalized term, there is a bandwidth, and that bandwidth on an annual basis is roughly plus or minus 2%. And so if your actual incurred fuel costs plus projected fuel costs go outside the bandwidth, that is when you can seek an adjustment in your fuel recovery clause.  Allen. 
Allen L. Leverett: In the test that you do, Greg, one might ask well, if you are seeing these increases in fuel costs and you expect further increases, could you file another fuel case? Well, what will happen when they do the plus or minus 2% test that Gale mentioned for -- if you were looking at a subsequent fuel increase, they will assume, they will impute that the interim increase that they gave you was in effect at the beginning of the year for the whole year, so it is pretty difficult to trip again, if you will, and have two interim increases in a given calendar year.  So given that and the run-up in the fuel prices, that’s what moves us to the $20 million to $40 million range that I mentioned and that Gale reiterated. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: So that is in fact an amount that we need to deduct from earnings as being under-recovered, not deferred -- under-recovered and a drag on earnings?
Gale E. Klappa: That is correct, Greg. 
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Ridzon at Keybanc. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: I have a question on the skewing of earnings from the purchased power. What -- it is going to be an $0.08 help in the second quarter, $0.20 drag in the third. What was the impact on the first?
Allen L. Leverett: In terms of the first quarter, I believe we -- well, remember in the rates that we have, we fully recover -- well, that was built in to the rates but I think in the first quarter alone there was a $64 million increase for the Point Beach PPA, but that was included in rates, if I’m taking your question. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: So we should see a $0.12 benefit in the fourth quarter, if there was no impact on the first?
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah, I think it’s about $0.06 negative in the first quarter.
Gale E. Klappa: It was a slight drag in the first quarter. 
Allen L. Leverett: If you are looking not versus plan but versus the actual of ’07, it was about $0.06 drag. So I think it would be closer to a $0.06 drag in the fourth quarter as well. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Six cent help in the fourth quarter? If you’ve got plus $0.02 in the second quarter, minus $0.20 in the third, so we still need to pick up $0.12 somewhere, right?
Gale E. Klappa: We’re looking at our sheets here, Paul. 
Allen L. Leverett: I think it’s in the fourth quarter, Paul, you would have a turn in the fourth quarter. 
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, you would have to have -- you’re right, Paul. You would have a turn in the fourth quarter. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: So we were neutral in the first quarter?
Gale E. Klappa: No, a slight drag, about a $0.06 drag in the first quarter. 
Allen L. Leverett: Relative to ’07 -- $0.08 help in the second quarter, again relative to ’07, and then a $0.20 drag in the third quarter. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: So we should see about an $0.18 pick-up in the fourth quarter?
Gale E. Klappa: No, I don’t think that big, Paul. Steve, go ahead. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: If it’s going to add to zero --
Steve Dickson: No, it’s not going to -- it won’t add to zero and the reason is because -- there’s a couple of reasons. One of the reasons is that we lost the rate base and so it will hurt us on earnings because we lost the rate base. So on a year to year basis, it will be a reduction to earnings. The other thing that happened, if you are comparing ’07 to ’08, is because of the way the PPA, the costs will be higher in ’08 and one of the reasons is because there is going to be two outages at Point Beach, so in effect we’ll have higher purchase power. So you can’t say that it’s zero for the entire year. It will be down if you are just looking ’07 to ’08. However, the key factor is that the costs were considered when rates were set in 2008. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, I get it. The 2% band on fuel, what’s that in millions of dollars?
Allen L. Leverett: Twenty-million dollars -- so $20 million up or down. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: If we saw another spike in fuel so that you could potentially file again, and you were granted and then prices came down, would you have -- how do the refund mechanics work? Could you potentially get back some of what you had to forego to do your first filing before the refund kicked in? Or would it be -- 
Gale E. Klappa: Paul, that would be highly unlikely. I think the way you should look at it is what’s gone is gone. There is very little look back to past -- in fact, there’s no look back to past under-recoveries other than obviously you incurred the under-recovery and we are projecting higher fuel costs, so when you put that together, that went above the 2% bandwidth. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And lastly, I’m just -- I’m tracking weather about normal but certainly an improvement over last year. Is that what you saw?
Gale E. Klappa: No, actually it’s colder than normal. 
Allen L. Leverett: If you look at heating degree days versus the 20-year average, it was about 8.5% above average.  (Multiple Speakers)
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: If you could just -- the other net that we are talking about here, the $18 million, is that the net -- most of that is the net impact of the rate order, correct?
Allen L. Leverett: But [some] on the first quarter because as I mentioned in the call, I mean, you’ve got timing of costs within the year but the rates are essentially levelized. But if you look at the net impact of the rate case, taking into account that the reduced rate of return and the loss of the Point Beach rate base, you are really looking at the utility being down in terms of earnings contribution in ’08 versus ’07. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Could you just go through that again?
Gale E. Klappa: In Q1, we did see the $18 million impact but when you look across the year, the rate case will actually be neutral to slightly down, the outcome of the rate case on the utility’s earnings. I think that is what Allen is trying to say. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and that’s because of timing?
Gale E. Klappa: In large part, the timing of expenses. That’s correct. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and Greg asked my question on the fuel case, so I think I’m okay on that, on the fuel interim increases and what have you. 
Gale E. Klappa: Very good. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Michael Lapides at Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: A quick question here, just following up from something earlier -- on O&M costs, what should we think as the annual run-rate for O&M costs this year?
Allen L. Leverett: Let me take you through, maybe just talk about the first quarter because there are a number of items that go through the O&M account that aren’t probably what you or I would think of as day-to-day operating costs for the business.  If you start with the $303 million that we had in the first quarter of ’07, the first thing that caused the variance, 8 versus 7, was the fact that we amortized about $44 million worth of cost. That was that one-time, the recovery of those costs but we had to amortize those on the income statement and there was an offsetting entry in gains. So there was a $44 million increase for that but then there was $38 million that went the other way because we don’t have Point Beach O&M anymore. So the net of those two together is about $6 million, so that was the $6 million increase.  Then we incurred or expect to incur -- we incurred $16 million of additional ATC costs in the first quarter. Then we also incurred $36 million of other regulatory amortizations. So if you put all that together, that adds up to $361 million and what’s left is in my mind, if you look at day-to-day operating costs, it was about a $9 million increase, which is about 3%, which is a long answer to your question but if you look at day-to-day operating costs, I still expect those to be around 3%. So at or below inflation but we still, you know, we’re going to have these other items that are causing noise, if you will, in the O&M account. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. 
Gale E. Klappa: -- noise, Michael, but they are covered in rates. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Right, they are covered in rates, just double-checking. The $16 million of ATC costs, that’s just increased O&M at the AT, meaning literally guys with hardhats at ATC and that’s already embedded in the 2007 rate case?
Gale E. Klappa: Some of them with soft hats -- it’s already embedded in the rate case. 
Allen L. Leverett: Right, so if you take -- another way to look at it is if you take say roughly a quarterly base of $325 million, because that would sort of adjust for some of the noise and then escalate that at 3%. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay, so we -- 
Allen L. Leverett: Other amortizations sort of ride on top of that. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: So when we think about the year-end run-rate, do you see any other significant changes to O&M besides these items you’ve outlined plus the 3%?
Gale E. Klappa: No, that should do it. 
Allen L. Leverett: No, I don’t see any other items, Michael. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. 
Gale E. Klappa: Michael?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Yes?
Gale E. Klappa: Michael, a question for you -- we’re all wondering, speaking of O&M, if the snacks are going to be any better at your conference this year?
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: I promise. I promise. All you have to do is take one look at my waistline and you can know I’ve never turned down too many good snacks. 
Gale E. Klappa: We’ll see you in a few weeks, Michael. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Maurice May at Power Insights. 
Maurice May - Power Insights: Michael just asked one of my questions but I’ve got one more question -- unrecovered fuel for this year estimated at $20 million to $40 million. How much of that applies to the first quarter?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, we under recovered fuel in about I think $15 million in the first quarter. 
Maurice May - Power Insights: Fifteen-million?
Gale E. Klappa: Correct. 
Maurice May - Power Insights: Okay, and that is gone forever?
Gale E. Klappa: Largely, I think that’s the way to look at it, yes. 
Maurice May - Power Insights: Okay, good. That’s the only question I had left. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to [Edward Hine] at [Catapult]. 
Edward Hine - Catapult: Maury actually just stole my question. I guess the other thing I was going to ask about was just a little bit more color on the wholesale pricing. I think this is the first time we’ve seen it in your earnings walk and I know that Allen, you said it is probably -- it was rates that went into effect in May so it is not going to probably reoccur, but if you can just give us a little more color on what’s gone on there. 
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah, and the reason why it hasn’t factored into earnings releases very much is because before May of last year, I think you had to go back five years before there was a base rate increase, at least for wholesale customers. But Ted, what we implemented in May of last year was a so-called formulary of tariff, so you’ve got a tracker that tracks your [inaudible] costs, so in addition to a fuel clause where you have escrow accounting in the wholesale jurisdiction, you also have this cost tracker. So there was a big catch-up that occurred, if you will, in ’07 because there hadn’t been an increase in base for five years and now as we go through time, I would expect to see modest increases in wholesale prices.  But that $10 million, just to bring it full circle, but that $10 million -- I mean, we already included in our plan the fact that we would have this wholesale increase in ’08 as compared to ’07. 
Edward Hine - Catapult: And then just to clarify; are these wholesale sales tariff-based or are they kind of like opportunity sales because you are long -- 
Allen L. Leverett: These are tariff-based. That’s why I said it’s a formulary tariff. So for example, the primary customer is Wisconsin Public Power and it would be under the terms of a long-term power agreement. 
Edward Hine - Catapult: Okay, so this won’t be if you see fuel rising and under recoveries being pressured, it’s not going to be an offset because you have length that is selling into the market?
Allen L. Leverett: No, this is a separate jurisdiction. 
Gale E. Klappa: -- approved tariff-based rates. 
Edward Hine - Catapult: That’s very helpful. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Dan Jenkins from the State of Wisconsin Investment Board. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Good afternoon. 
Gale E. Klappa: Not it’s spring and a young man’s fancy normally turns to the strength of our balance sheet, right, Dan?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yeah, I’ve had enough of the cold with winter, so -- 
Gale E. Klappa: Well, the tulips are coming up, Dan. What can we do for you today?
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Snow is finally gone -- just trying to get a little more clarity on the cash flow and then the financing requirements. I guess if you could give me a sense on when this amortization of the gain, kind of how long that will run and when it will fall off, and then be reflected -- 
Gale E. Klappa: Dan, the amortization of the gain, and we’ll let Allen fill in all the details, but basically in the form of bill credits, the amortization of the gain will run for three years, particularly for Wisconsin retail customers. So that’s -- you want to think about this over a three-year period for Wisconsin retail.  For federal, for our wholesale customers, there will be one-time payments but for Wisconsin retail, three-year amortization. 
Allen L. Leverett: And then Michigan is about 18 months, Dan. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Will that be a similar size then throughout the period or what we are seeing in the first quarter or --
Allen L. Leverett: No, no, it’s very -- I believe it is fairly front-end loaded but you will see this item for the next, you know, at least three years. But you know, I would just stress though what’s built into rates going back to the Wisconsin retail discussion, is the 17% increase. So over time what happens effectively is the gain runs off, what you’ll -- what was an amortization of gain will show up in operating revenues on customers’ bills.  So from a cash bottom line standpoint, it is just what account it is coming out of. But from a bottom line, the cash is coming to the company as if you had a 17% increase. 
Gale E. Klappa: Just a portion of it is coming from the restricted cash account and a portion coming from customers, and that portion, as Allen said, will differ from year to year as the bill credits run off. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right. I was just trying to get a feel for the cash from operations and how that relates to the income statement, but -- 
Allen L. Leverett: And I think if you flip to page five of the earnings package, you can see the change in restricted cash is about $88 million. So if you were trying to come to FFO number, then you could take the 344, add all or whatever portion of the 88 from restricted cash you view as operating, at least half of it is, at least the amount associated with the $74 million, and then keep in mind the timing on the pension payments, which was a $48 million cost in the first quarter of ’08, which we didn’t incur in ’07 because of the timing of payments is different.  I think if you start with the 344, adjust for those two things, you can come to kind of an estimate of the FFO. 
Gale E. Klappa: Dan, we really think that going forward, it’s appropriate to look at the change in restricted cash as revenue, because in essence, as we get that cash out of the restricted account and into the company, it is taking the place of revenues that otherwise would have come from customers under rates, under the rate case that’s been approved. 
Allen L. Leverett: And then in terms of if you wanted more detail, Dan, on the pattern of the credits, we had a discussion in the 10-K where we lay out at least in Wisconsin what we expect the pattern year by year to be in the credits. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then the last thing I was wondering is, given that the Port Washington and wind is coming into rate, or into operation and the first quarter you have basically $1 billion of short-term debt and your CapEx was ahead of the cash from operations -- what are the financing needs for that coming?
Allen L. Leverett: A couple of things on the debt level. Remember of course that during construction, we are putting in effect the construction debt is being, for We Power, is being funded up at the holding company. And then as we do the permanent financings at We Power, we bring that down.  So in the first quarter of last year, we had $900 million outstanding. The first quarter this year, end of first quarter we had $1 billion outstanding. But another difference between those two quarters, Dan, is remember we had to buy in our auction rate securities at the utility, so that added $150 million. So apples-to-apples, it’s really 900 versus 850.  In terms of financing that I would expect for the rest of the year, I expect to do a financing for the second Port Washington unit. That will be approximately $156 million and in fact, we did the pricing of that last week. That’s a private placement.  We expect to reissue the auction rate securities this quarter and then I would expect later this year, probably some time in the fall, we would do up to $500 million worth of unsecured debt at Wisconsin Electric Power Company. 
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Scott [Angstrom] at [Bleinhelm] Capital Management. 
Scott Angstrom - Bleinhelm Capital Management: A couple of quick more fuel questions. I’m sure you are having fun with all these fuel questions, so I will add to the pack. Allen, you focused on gas and diesel prices. You did not mention coal. Is that just because of where you are hedged or are there any other reasons?
Allen L. Leverett: Well, in terms of our coal procurement philosophy, we are essentially -- we are covered one year out, so other than transportation costs, which can float and do float with diesel fuels, which that’s why I talked about diesel, really have a locked number on the commodity cost of coal one year out. 
Gale E. Klappa: That was included in our rate projection back in the last rate case. In other words, the higher contract price for coal was embedded in the rate case that has been decided and the order in place. 
Scott Angstrom - Bleinhelm Capital Management: Got it. Okay, second question kind of thinking about this currency under-recovery and what -- not necessarily a look back but hypothetically let’s say gas prices went to -- I’ll just throw numbers out in the air -- $12 or some range that exceeded the 2% which allowed you to make a filing, and it turned out to be some sort of temporary spike that allowed you to do the filing and then prices came in; would the amount then that you are over earning, whether or not it was actual recover of past under-recoveries, would it effectively be the same thing or would that be held subject to refund going forward?
Gale E. Klappa: Well, any interim increase in fuel that is granted by the Wisconsin Commission is subject to review and refund if circumstances change. And usually the commission takes up to six months once an interim fuel rate recovery increase is in place to do their final auditing and come to a final order. So really by the time we would be getting a final order, my guess is it will be pretty close to the fourth quarter.  But let me add one other thing that really takes your hypothetical in a bit different direction -- as the year goes on, we hedge obviously a certain portion of our natural gas costs, a certain portion of our other fuel costs, each month. So as the year goes on, the volatility, unless there is an extreme change in the spot markets for the month ahead or two months ahead markets, the volatility should dampen, not grow.  Rick, you agree with that?
Frederick D. Kuester: Yeah. 
Scott Angstrom - Bleinhelm Capital Management: Okay, so what you are saying then is given the kind of lag in terms of getting these final orders, it is difficult for what I was describing in terms of a temporary spike for you guys to benefit and capture anything you may have lost before?
Gale E. Klappa: It could happen but it would take a pretty convoluted situation. 
Scott Angstrom - Bleinhelm Capital Management: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Nathan Judge at Atlantic Equities. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Good afternoon. 
Gale E. Klappa: Are you back in the U.S.A.?
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: I am and it’s very nice; I actually have a conference call -- your conference call -- in the afternoon instead of at night, so that’s -- 
Gale E. Klappa: There you go. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Just on the fuel costs, assuming that natural gas prices and commodity prices remain flat, I would suspect that in the fourth quarter after getting your final order, you would be inclined to go in for another rate or a fuel clause adjustment. Would that be reading it right?
Gale E. Klappa: Nathan, actually again, the rules in Wisconsin require actual and projected to be more than 2% above what you are currently collecting. So again, we would look at the situation at the time but unless our projected fuel costs were above that bandwidth, then we wouldn’t really be able to go in for another adjustment. 
Allen L. Leverett: But you are asking for 2009, Nathan?
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: That’s correct, yes. 
Allen L. Leverett: So you have to trip the band on an actual basis, so the way -- the scenario you are talking about, say you get your final order from the commission this fall. So then you’d have this new final rate in place. You would take that rate with you into ’09 and then before you could go back in in 2009, you would have to under-recover on an actual basis in a given month, under-recover and then be projected to under-recover also for the full year. 
Gale E. Klappa: And that’s before you can file. 
Allen L. Leverett: Right. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: This is a perhaps a little bit more difficult one to answer, but in a hypothetical situation where gas prices and commodity prices were to remain flat from these levels, what now would be the rate impact of adding the new coal units at Oak Creek versus what you had expected let’s say a year ago?
Gale E. Klappa: I don’t think any of us have quite calculated that, but there is no question that once the new coal units come into service at Oak Creek, our fuel recovery clause will flatten or go down. I mean, that’s what we had expected. Now we’ll see what happens with natural gas prices and coal prices. But it’s not going to be a negative, I don’t believe. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Let me ask it a different way -- at what price, let’s say hypothetically natural gas needs to be in order for the actual addition, the savings that you’d get from the low cost coal plants to actually offset the marginal cost of fuel that you would be running otherwise, and therefore the impact to rates would be negligible. 
Gale E. Klappa: We’ll have to actually go back and try to calculate that. I don’t think we can do that in the room here without giving you an answer that we -- we want to make sure we give you a correct answer and we don’t -- 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: But it would be fair to say that the rate increase needed now for customers is increasingly smaller as these fuel costs are coming in higher probably than what you expected maybe six or 12 months ago?
Gale E. Klappa: The only reason I think any of us are hesitating is we’ve seen on the spot market for coal pretty substantial increases. I think on the spot market in the first quarter of this year, Powder River Basin coal is up over 20% and Appalachian coal is up over 60%. Now, you look back to last August and natural gas prices are up 95%. But it is so volatile that it’s really difficult to project that far ahead and give you a precise answer. But we’ll certainly give it a shot. 
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Thank you very much. 
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Ridzon from Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Your ’08 rates are based on your forward look on coal, so how do you protect yourself when your ’09 coal rates start kicking in? Do you have to trip the bandwidth again?
Gale E. Klappa: We would have to trip the bandwidth but much of our, as Allen said, we are covered virtually 100% with contract coal for ’08 and I am looking at -- and we are probably 60% to 65% covered for next year. So again, that’s embedded in our rates currently. 
Allen L. Leverett: But Paul, your predicate is right though. You still have to under-recover on an actual basis before you can come in for interim relief in 2009. 
Gale E. Klappa: That is simply the way the rules work here in Wisconsin. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: I hate to beat a dead horse on this question but I am still a little confused. If we take the sum of the four quarters, skewing -- what will the sum be? Is that the -- 
Gale E. Klappa: Are you talking about fuel under-recovery?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: No, just from Point Beach. 
Gale E. Klappa: Back to Point Beach, all right. 
Allen L. Leverett: I would say it would be about negative $0.12. So if you look at the timing impacts and the fact that, as Steve Dickson pointed out earlier, the fact that these PPA payments effectively are taking the place for us what would have been return on capital, if you net all that together, it’s about a $0.12 negative year over year.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: I thought it was supposed to be just about neutral in the year. 
Allen L. Leverett: No, because we lost -- it’s neutral to customers because what they were paying in rates to us is about the same as what we are paying on the PPA, but remember we owned the asset, we were getting earnings. So we are no longer getting earnings from the asset, so that’s why you have negative if you look at a whole year from the sale of Point Beach for the shareholders, it’s a negative $0.12 in ’08 versus ’07. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: The $0.12 is the loss of the return of [inaudible] on Point Beach?
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, that is correct. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. I understand now. Thank you. 
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, I believe that concludes our conference call for today, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for taking part. If you have any other questions, please call Colleen Henderson. She is available in our investor relations office at 414-221-2592. Thank you much. Have a good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-05 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Gale Klappa - Chairman President and CEO Rick Kuester - President and CEO of WE Generation Allen Leverett - CFO Jim Fleming - General Counsel Jeff West - Treasurer Steve Dickson - Controller
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citi Investment Research Doug Fisher - Wachovia Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Management
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Wisconsin Energy's, 2007 year-endconference call. Before the conference call begins, I will read the forward-lookinglanguage. All statements in this presentation other than historical facts areforward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, which aresubject to change at any time. Such statements are based on management'sexpectations at the time they are made. In addition to the assumptions andother factors referred to in connection with the statements, factors describedin the company's latest Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with theSecurities and Exchange Commission could cause actual results to differmaterially from those contemplated. During the discussions, referenced earningsper share will be based on diluted earnings per share unless otherwise noted. This conference is being recorded for rebroadcast, and allparticipants are in a listen-only mode at this time. After the presentation,the conference will be open to analysts for questions and answers. Inconjunction with this call, Wisconsin Energy has posted on its website apackage of detailed financial information on its 2007 yearend results atwww.wisconsinenergy.com. A replay of our remarks will be availableapproximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. Now I would like to introduce Mr. Gale Klappa, Chairman ofthe Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wisconsin EnergyCorporation.
Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Goodafternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our conference call toreview the company's 2007 yearend results. Let me begin as always byintroducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team who are herewith me today. We have Rick Kuester, President and CEO of WE generation; AllenLeverett, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Fleming, General Counsel; Jeff West,our Treasurer, and Steve Dickson, our Controller. Overall, I'm very pleased withwhat we accomplished in 2007. We made significant progress on our strategicplan including the sale of our Point Beach's nuclear unit andmeeting the construction schedule for our new natural gas and coal units thatare part of our Power of the Future initiative. We also set new company recordsfor financial and operational performance. Allen will review our results indetail in just a moment. But as you saw from our news release this morning, weearned $2.84, a share from continuing operations in the 2007. Earnings were$2.64 a share from continuing operations in 2006. A few weeks ago on January 17, weannounced an 8% increase in the dividend on our common stock. The new quarterlydividend is $0.27 a share, which brings the annual rate to $1.08 per share. Theincrease will be effective with the first quarter dividend payable on March 1. This action by our board affirmsthe company's underlying strength and the continued confidence we have on ourlong-term business plan. We have now raised the dividend in each of the pastfive years for a total increase in the quarterly dividend of 35% since thebeginning of 2004. Given the projected completion ofUnit II at Port Washington this year, and UnitI at Old Creek next year, I expect that we will reevaluate our dividend policyduring 2009 with the potential to be providing for more significant increasesin the dividend. Now, I'd like to spend just a moment or two on ourcontinuing effort to upgrade the energy infrastructure in Wisconsin. Our Power of the Future plan, asyou know, is fundamental with the principle of energy self-sufficiency. Thecomponents of our focus on self sufficiency include investing in two combinedcycle natural gas fired units at Port Washington, north of Milwaukee, and theconstruction of two super critical, pulverized coal units at Oak Creek, whichitself is south of the city, and our plans to build a significant amount of newwind generation. As you recall back in November of 2002, the public servicecommission approved the construction of two natural gas fired units on our Port Washington site. The first unit at Port Washington went into commercial service in the summer of 2005.Engineering and construction for the second unit are now essentially complete,and commissioning work is underway. At year-end, the second unit at Port Washington was more than 90% finished. The unit isexpected to begin commercial service in the second quarter of this year. Now, let's turn to the status of the two new coal fired unitsat Oak Creek.At the end of December, we passed an important milestone. The project closedthe year at a little more than 50% complete with unit one and common facilitiesat 60% complete and unit two at 24% complete. The project can be broadly dividedinto three major systems, the power island, the bulk material handling systemsand the cooling water intake system. I would like to brief you on the status nowof each of these three major systems. The power island comprises the two units, each with its ownboiler, turban, generator and air quality control equipment. While progress isbeing made across the side, our contractor Bechtel Power Corporation isfocusing their efforts on the time critical activities including the erectionand welding of pressure parts in the boiler. In addition, Bechtel is making progress on the unit onesteam turban generator including the setting of the upper casings on the lowpressure turban. The first of six cooling water pumps has also been placed intothe pump station. Turning now to Bulk Material Handling, which consists of thecoal handling system and the limestone gypsum system, I am pleased to reportthat the new coal handling equipment was completed and placed in service in thefourth quarter last year. The new system is up and running unloading railcarsand delivering coal to the existing Oak Creek units. This has allowed us to decommission theold coal delivery system located on the dock area and transfer that area overto Bechtel. Bechtel has now begun work in the dock area to build the materialhandling structures for the limestone and gypsum and the equipment for use for theair quality controls. Now, I'll discuss the status of the cooling water system anda little bit later I'll address the permitting issue. We had completed alloffshore construction of the tunnel and the water intake. This tunnel willprovide cooling water to both the existing units and to the two new units at Oak Creek. Our contractoris now completing the onshore civil works associated with the new coolingsystem and is installing mechanical equipments in these and the new Oak Creekpump station. I should point out, as we look at progress as a whole, thatNovember and December were very difficult months for construction in Wisconsin with anunusual amount of snow in December that impeded Bechtel's progress. However,Bechtel continues to forecast that the units will be completed on or before theguaranteed schedule, which calls for the first unit at Oak Creek to begin commercial service at theend of September 2009 with the second unit following one year later inSeptember 2010. We're tracking within the approved construction budget for Oak Creek and progress ofthe site continues. Now, as you know, there are four major permits needed tobuild the facilities at Oak Creek.These include an air permit, a wetlands permit, a permit from the US Army Corpsof Engineers, and finally, a water pollution discharge elimination permit. Wehave received all of these permits and each of them remains in effect unless itis overturned by a court or an Administrative Law Judge. In September of 2005, we resolved all legal challenges tothe air permit. Also in February of '06, we resolved the outstanding legalchallenge to the wetlands permit. Our permit from the US Army Corps ofEngineers was received in May of 2005. To date, no appeals have been lodgedagainst this permit. On the last permit, the Wisconsin Pollution DischargeElimination System Permit, a contested case hearing was held during March of'06 and in July of that year. A Wisconsin Administrative Law Judge upheld thedecision by the State Department of Natural Resources to issue the permit. Theparties opposing the permit then filed for judicial review in Dane CountyCircuit Court. On March 5 of 2007 the Dane CountyCircuit Court issued its ruling. The court affirmed, in important respects, thedecision by the DNR to issue the permit but also remanded certain aspects ofthe permit in light of a federal court case called River Keeper II that couldaffect power plants nationwide. Following that decision in March of '07, two thresholdquestions had to be answered. The first is whether the new units at Oak Creek qualifytechnically as an expansion of an existing plant and then secondly, whether thewater intake system we’ve chosen is still the best available technology. We believed that the additions at Oak Creek qualified as an expansion of anexisting plant, and the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources also agreedwith this conclusion. However in a decision on November 29 2007, the AdministrativeLaw Judge in the case ruled that the units must be treated as a new facilityfor purposes of this permit. So we have submitted to the Department of NaturalResources here a request to modify the permit, and we expect to submitadditional information in. We expect that the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resourceswill issue a draft modified permit for public comment in the first half of thisyear. We have also on a separate track appealed the Administrative Law Judge'sruling to state circuit court here in Milwaukee.We took this action even though we don't believe that the ALJ's decision is afinal order, simply to ensure that we protect our right to appeal. TheDepartment of Natural Resources and the City of Oak Creek have also appealed this AdministrativeLaw Judge ruling and the parties have now requested that all of these appealsto be consolidated into a single case. We're convinced that the water intake structure we'rebuilding is the best environmental solution. It minimizes the impact on thelake, results in lower air emissions, less use of coal, and less use of Lake Michigan water than other types of cooling systems.Our plan is to have the first unit at Oak Creek in service as we set earlier by the end of September2009 on the guaranteed schedule. The second unit would follow one year later in2010. Now I'd like to update you on our Blue Sky Green Field windproject that we've been working for a number of months. In February '07, the PublicService Commission approved the project as a traditional utility rate basedinvestment. In late March last year, we signed an agreement with Vestas WindSystems for 88 turbines. Each of the 88 turbines has a capacity of 1.65megawatts. The cost of this project is expected to be approximately$300 million, excluding capitalized carrying costs. Construction began inearnest of the site in June of '07. To date all of the foundations andelectrical cabling have been completed, and the turbine components beganarriving at the site in the fourth quarter of last year. 32 Towers are nowerected and are in various stages of mechanical completion. We expect to achieve commercial operation of the entirewinds farm by mid year this year. The project continues to be on schedule andon budget. Our new wind farm, by the way, will double the amount of windcapacity operating in Wisconsinand will help us meet the renewable portfolio standard in the state for theyear 2010. Now, as you may know, the Wisconsinrenewable portfolio standard increases from 5% in 2010 to 10% in 2015 at thestate wide level. The standard sets targets for each of the utilities using anhistorical base line. Using that base line, approximately 8.5% of our retailelectricity sales must come from renewable sources in 2015. Meeting the moreaggressive 2015 targets will require several additional projects. So, to keep moving forward, we have exercised an option thatwe negotiated with FPL Energy to purchase all rights to a new wind site in Central Wisconsin. FPL will turn the site over to us, andwe expect to install approximately 100 megawatts of new wind capacity there.The projected in-service date for this capacity would be late 2010 or 2011. Finally, before turning it over to Allen, I would like toreview the results of our retail rate proceedings in Wisconsin. In May of '07 as you recall, wefiled retail rate cases for our electric gas and steam operations across thestate. On January 17, we received an order from the commission that resolvesall of the cases. Let me briefly walk you through the results. The commission authorized $389 million or 17% increase inelectric rates, to recover costs associated with the building of our Power ofthe Future units, costs associated with transmissions, investments in renewablesand efficiency programs and costs related to compliance with environmentalregulations. The commission also authorized a $4 million rate increase forWisconsin Electrics Gas operations, a $3.6 million total increase for our steamoperations and a $20 million increase for Wisconsin Gas. The commission reduced the allowed return on equity forWisconsin Electric from 11.2% to 10.75% and left unchanged the financial equityratio range at between 48.5% and 53.5%. For Wisconsin Gas, the return on equitywas also set at 10.75%, but the financial equity ratio was moved down to arange of 45% to 50%. Now, I'd like to explain how the 17% electric rate increaserented to the company actually translates into a rate increase of a little morethan 3% for our customers. As you may recall, in our sale of our Point Beachunits, we received more than $900 million of cash proceeds. That's from thegain on the sale and the liquidation of the decommissioning proceeds. We committed to use this cash for the benefit of our customers.So on the rate order, the Wisconsin Commission determined that a total of $670million of the Point Beach proceeds would be used as bill credits for Wisconsin retail customers over a three year period.Approximately $316 million of the Point Beach proceeds will beused as bill credits during 2008, $240 million in 2009 and approximately $114million in the year 2010. Therefore, by using the PointBeach proceeds as bill credits, our Wisconsin customers will experience a small 3.2% increasein 2008 and 2009. And now, I'll turn the call over to Allen who will give youmore details on our financial performance for the past year. Allen.
Allen Leverett: Thank you, Gale. I'm going to focus my remarks thisafternoon on earnings from continuing operations. Information regardingearnings from discontinued operations is included in the earnings package. AsGale mentioned earlier, our earnings from continuing operations were $2.84 pershare in 2007 versus $2.64 per share in 2006. On a consolidated basis, our operatingincome was $629 million versus $569 million in 2006 with an increase of $60million. Operating income for the Utility Energy segment, which iscomprised of Wisconsin Electric, Wisconsin Gas and Edison Sault, was $586million compared to $533 million in 2006, for an increase of $53 million. Positive earnings drivers for this segment in 2007 includedweather at $41 million, volume growth in our electric business at $15 million, thesettlement of a billing dispute with our largest customer at $9 million and thefull year impact of a rate increase implemented in January of 2006 at $8million. The primary negative driver in 2007 was unfavorable electricfuel recovery. This reduced operating income $15 million as compared to 2006. Otheritems in total reduced operating income $5 million. Netting the impact of thepositive and negative factors I just reviewed brings you to the $53 millionincrease in the utility segments operating income for 2007. Operating income in the non-utility energy and corporate andother income segments, which primarily includes We Power, was up $7 million.The key drivers of this increase were the placing and service of the new coalhandling facility at the Oak Creekexpansion. This increased operating income $3 million. Other items in totalincreased operating $4 million in this segment. Taking the changes for each ofthese segments together brings you back to the $60 million increase inoperating income for 2007. Other income including our earnings from the AmericanTransmission Company was up $1 million in 2007. Total interest expense was down $5 million. This decrease islargely driven by our ability to capitalize interest related to constructionactivity. Consolidated income tax expense increased $41 million as compared to2006. This increase was driven by higher earnings and a higher effective taxrate. In 2006 we recognized approximately $6 million in state tax operating losses;we did not have a similar item in 2007. Excluding the benefit of the state item I mentioned for2006, our effective rate was 39.2% in 2007 versus 37% in 2006. Adding theseitems brings you to $337 million of net income from continuing operations for2007 versus $312 million of net income from continuing operations last year. Inearnings per share terms, this equates to $2.84 per share versus $2.64 pershare in 2006. Now, turning to cash flow. During 2007, we generated $533million of cash from operations. This compares to $730 million in 2006.However, you should keep two things in mind when interpreting our cash fromoperations on a GAAP basis. First, in 2007, we paid approximately $108 millionin cash taxes in connection with the sale of Point Beachand the liquidation of the nuclear decommissioning trust. Although these taxeswere funded by the proceeds from the sale and the liquidation of the trust,GAAP prescribes that we reduce operating cash flows for these payments. In 2007 and going forward, the investing section of the cashflow statement will show an increase in cash as the unrestricted cash isreleased. Back in 2007, we also issued approximately $7 million of bill creditsto retail customers in Michigan.These bill credits were funded by the restricted cash from the Point Beachproceeds. But again, GAAP calls for the same treatment of the cash as describedabove. Adding both of these items back to cash from operationsbrings you to an adjusted cash from operations value at $648 million for 2007.In 2008, we will provide both GAAP and adjusted measures of cash flow. Webelieve the adjusted measure is more representative of the company's ability togenerate cash from operations for two reasons. First, the customer credits arebeing funded from the proceeds of the Point Beachsale that are set aside in a restricted cash account as opposed to cash fromoperations. And second, once all of the Point Beachproceeds have been returned to customers, our prices and hence customer billswill reflect the full cost of electricity without any credits. So, to summarize, as Gale mentioned, the company willbenefit from the 17% increase in electric rates in the Wisconsinrate order. This increase is expected to have a significant positive impact onoperating cash flows as adjusted. We had capital expenditures of approximately$1.2 billion in 2007. About $540 million of this was dedicated to our utilitybusinesses and $667 million was for the generating units being constructed as apart of our Power of the Future plan. In addition, we paid $117 million individends. On a GAAP basis, our debt to capital ratio was 58.6% at theend of 2007. Our adjusted debt to capital ratio was 55.3%. These values are ascompared to a 59.5% debt to capital ratio on a GAAP basis at the end of 2006.The adjusted ratio treats 50% of our $500 million of Wisconsin Energy hybridsecurities as common equity. This is the approach used by the majority of therating agencies. Capital spending in 2008 is expected to be just under $1.2billion. Given the continued high level of capital spending in 2008 and thefact that no significant assets sales are planned this year, I would expect ourdebt-to-capital ratio to increase slightly in 2008. Our goal now is to maintain our debt-to-capital ratio at nomore than 60% during the period we're constructing our new gas and coal-firedgeneration. This is a bit lower than our previous goal of 61.5% and wouldexclude the portion of the hybrid securities that are treated as an equityequivalent by the credit rating agencies. We are using cash to satisfy anyshares required for our 401-K plan, options, and other programs, but goingforward we do not expect to issue any additional shares. Now, before I touch on 2008 earning guidance, I want toexpand a bit more on the outcome of the rate case in Wisconsin Retail Jurisdiction.Now as Gale mentioned earlier, we received total price increases of $470million on an annual basis across all of our utility operations. Of thisamount, a total of $284 million is going to cover lease payments being made byWisconsin Electric, WE Power, to recover costs that were previously deferredand to cover the projected increase in American Transmission Company's tariffs. As such, this component of the increase will not have adirect impact on book income at the utilities, but the balance of the rateincrease will go to cover expected O&M increases and provide a return of andon new investments that are being made at the utilities. To the extent a priceincrease goes to cover an O&M increase, it has no impact on book income. Also the reduced rate base from the sale of the Point Beachnuclear plant, essentially offsets the other investments we are making in 2008.This coupled with the reduction in allowed ROE from 11.2% to 10.75% in the WisconsinRetail Jurisdiction means that earnings at the utilities are expected to bedown somewhat in 2008 as compared to 2007. Now, there is one other item related to Wisconsin rate case that I believe is ofnote. At the end of 2007, we had nearly $400 million in regulatory assets onour balance sheet related to the deferred fuel and transmission costs as wellas bad debt costs. As a result of this rate case, we have now been grantedimmediate recovery of approximately $85 million of these assets, and almost allof the remainder is expected to be recovered over the next six years throughthe rates that were just set by the Wisconsincommission. Now, I'd like to wrap things up with the discussion ofearnings guidance for 2008 as well as the first quarter. Our 2008 earningsguidance remains in the range of $2.80 to $2.90 per share that was provided inour Form 8-K dated January 17th. At a high level, the expected earnings driversfor 2008 are as follows: a partial year earnings from the second unit at PortWashington, a full year earnings contribution from the coal handling and watersystems at Oak Creek and an increased earnings contribution from our investmentat ATC offset by reduced earnings at the utilities that I had mentioned before. Now my expectation is that the earnings reduction at theutility will be between $0.13 and $0.23 per share. The biggest variable drivingthis range is electric fuel costs recovery. Our expectation today is that fuelrecoveries for the year will be between fully recovered and $15 million underrecovered. The additional Port Washington unit and the Oak Creek facility should add $0.14 per share,and ATC should add another $0.05 per share. Combining these with the expectedchange of the utility brings you to a year-over-year change between a reductionof $0.04 per share and an increase of $0.06 per share. We're starting at $2.84per share in 2007. Plus this range brings you to the $280 to $290 guidance for2008. We will now be giving specific quarterly earnings guidance,but I did want to provide some input to you on what to expect in terms of thedistribution of earnings within the year. This will be the first full year thatwe will be operating with the power purchase agreement from Point Beach.As a result, the quarterly distribution of earnings will be somewhat differentin 2008 as compared to 2007. Because the power purchase agreement is designedto resemble the change in market prices through the year, and those marketprices are usually highest during the summer months, we expect the cost of the purchasepower agreement will be highest in the third quarter. In addition, because we no longer own Point Beach,we will not incur the higher operating cost during the quarters when thenuclear units were shutdown for refueling outages. As a result of these factorsalone, I would expect our quarterly earnings to increase by approximately $0.08per share in the second quarter relative to 2007 and decrease by approximately$0.20 per share in the third quarter. Also, keep in mind, when you're making projections of ourearnings for the second quarter of 2008 in the second quarter of 2007 we bookeda combined $0.08 per share in earnings from the settlement of the billingdispute with our largest customers and the sale of land in Northern Wisconsinand Upper Michigan. So with that I'll turn things back over to Gale.
Gale Klappa: Allen, thank you very much. Overall, we are on track andfocused on continuing to deliver value for our customers and our stockholders.And I believe it's time for Q&A. Our operator will come back on line.
Greg Gordon - CitiInvestment Research: Thanks, two questions Gale.
Gale Klappa: Hey Greg, how are you?
Greg Gordon - CitiInvestment Research: I am good. I apologize if you'd answered this in the contextof the call because I hopped off for a minute. But looking at the renewableportfolio standard in Wisconsin,and looking at your minimum requirements post 2010, beyond the project that youare currently pursuing?
Gale Klappa: Right.
Greg Gordon - CitiInvestment Research: How much renewable resource will you have to acquire orpotentially have to acquire and if we are all lets say when turbines given thecurrent cost of building them, how much in incremental capital investment mightthat be?
Gale Klappa: Well, as you know, we will have to ramp up to the 2015standard. And as I recall, we were probably needing to add roughly 800 to 900megawatts of additional renewables. Greg, you are right, right now, much ofthat looks like wind. But probably we won't be able to do all wind. My guess isthe lion share of it will wind, there may be a biomass project or some otheralternative form of renewable. But by and large the most economic way toapproach it today is wind. And I would say roughly 800 to 900 megawatts ofadditional wind. From a capital standpoint, that’s significant amount of money.My guess is you can look at Allen.
Allen Leverett: Today's price, Greg it will be about $2,000 a kw. I would expectit will be somewhat higher than that in the future, but I think it's a workingassumption, assume $2 million a megawatt or $2000 a kw ton scales range so youcan easily get into the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion range potentially again ifit all comes from one project.
Greg Gordon - CitiInvestment Research: So just rough math, because it looks like given your currentcash flow profile you could fund that internally, that's another potential $800million of equity that could add $0.70 a share to earnings over the 10 to 15period, if that were earning what is roughly your current return on equity?
Allen Leverett: That's a pretty reasonable assumption, Greg, yes.
Greg Gordon - CitiInvestment Research: Okay. Second question is, I know you believe that the waterintake tunnel is going to wind up being the best available technology, or ifnot the best development technology, is still going to wind up being theprimary cooling technology for the plant. Can you tell us what, if any, yourparallel path is to make sure that the plant comes on, and comes on in a waywhere its heat rate and the performance are in line with the contract terms if,in fact, it discloses against you?
Gale Klappa: Sure. And I think it's a very good question, Greg. And Ithink to try to simplify it, we have three parallel paths, and I'll ask Rick tohelp out with anything else, if you would like to add. The first path isclearly to work with the regulatory agencies, the Wisconsin Department ofNatural Resources and the Federal Environmental Protection Agency on a newmodified permit, and that work is well underway. The second, as I mentioned earlier, is the court appeal ofthe administrative law judge’s decision. A number of us are joined together toappeal the administrative law judge’s decision, not just our company, but theCity of Oak Creek, and the state Department of Natural Resources, which is theagency that issues the permit. So, we have filed and expect the cases will allbe consolidated into a single case. So we have a filed a legal appeal incircuit court here in Milwaukee. And the third is really a look that we've had at precedenthere. And I think it's very important to point out that we were permitted tobuild this water intake system. The decision at the time the permit was grantedwas that this water intake system was indeed the best technology availableunder the rules for expansion of an existing plant. Well, now the rules have changed in midstream. So we builtthis system in good faith. We still believe it's the best available technology,and we think there is precedent that's clearly evident for when the ruleschange. Once you have been granted a permit and there is, in essence, acompliance schedule or an implementation schedule, it could be put in place.That, if indeed it ends up being cooling towers, then we could open the plantson schedule, operate the plants, and be given time to build the cooling towers,and ultimately comply, if indeed the technology decision turns to coolingtowers instead of the water intake system we've built.
Greg Gordon - CitiInvestment Research: You're saying that you think the legal precedent would allowyou to operate the plant with the tunnel as the primary cooling source volumeretrofit at the plant?
Gale Klappa: If indeed the decision moves to cooling towers as opposed toour water intake system, we believe the water intake system will ultimatelyrule the day here, and will ultimately be viewed as best technology even for anew plant at this site. But if it doesn't, your conclusion is correct. We thinkthere is precedent here that would allow us to open the plant on time, andoperate until we could come into compliance with a different coolingtechnology. Rick, anything to add?
Rick Kuester: No, I think you've covered it Gale.
Greg Gordon - CitiInvestment Research: Thank you, gentlemen. 
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Doug Fisher ofWachovia.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Doug.
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: Hi there.
Gale Klappa: That's your new T-Shirt with the big W on it?
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: Just in terms of ATC investments in '08, '09, '10, can youshare anything with us about the amount of money? I guess ATC might beconsidered a little bit overcapitalized, at least this one, as someone else whowas another investor in it was telling me. What is the budget going forwardthere?
Allen Leverett: Well I guess overcapitalization is in the eyes of beholder,Doug. Something is different, different people will have different views onthat. But in any case, let me talk some about our investment in 2008 in ATC. Ifyou look at our equity investment as of the end of '07, it was just under $240million. I think precisely it was $238 million as what we show on the balancesheet. I would expect that we'll make a capital contribution to ATCin the neighborhood of $21 million in 2008. We'll have just over $50 million ofearnings; they'll pay just over $40 million of dividend. So I would say on anet basis, our investment in ATC will go up about $31 million in 2008 if youroll forward from that $238 million number. So pretty healthy growth in our equity investment at ATC.Their allowed rate of return course is 12.02%. So I would expect that we'd beable to earn that on an incremental amount of investment at ATC. I'd rather notput specific numbers out there for ‘09 and ‘10 and beyond, but I would say 2009is a pretty similar looking year to 2008 in terms of the capital that we wouldbe putting into ATC. Is that helpful?
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: Yes, it's very helpful. I appreciate that, and byovercapitalized, that’s obviously referring to the regulatory on that. And thencould you walk us through on point, how you are going to be handling thatamortization of that gain on the income statement, on the cash flow statement,on the balance sheet as we go through the next three years?
Allen Leverett: Yeah, I would be happy to do that. And I think before I dothat, let me just sort of make sure, always when I try to understand theaccounting, to always keep guiding principal in my head and it helps me, Doug,and it might help you as well. From the company standpoint, in terms of the waythe income statement at the bottom line, in terms of bottom line on net cash,it's as if we got the 17% increase that Gale talked about. From a customer’s point of view, it's 3% in '08 and asimilar amount in 2009 and the thing that bridges the gap between the twoobviously is the use of these proceeds that's been put in restricted cash. Butagain, always have in your mind, when you look at the company segment, bottomline, we received a 17% increase. So, with that background maybe, Doug, turn topage 4, in the earnings package and let's look for a second at the incomestatement.
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: Right, it shows up.
Allen Leverett: Right, so in 2007, and I am looking now at the 12 monthsended December 31, 2007, operating revenues will always be reported on a net ofcredits basis. So, whatever the customer pays, net of credits, is what will bereported, shown on the operating revenue line. So, obviously to come back to a position where we got therate increase that I talked about, come back to that position on the incomestatement, there has to be an offsetting entry. But scan your eye down theincome statement, to that line item called amortization of gain and it's acontra expense of $6.5 million that offsets, in effect, that net of creditrevenue presentation, and you come back to a net number when you come down onthat operating income, as if we'd see the rate increase that Gale talked about,because that is true from the company's perspective of what we received. So just to review, as we provide the credits to show therevenues top line net of the credits, there will be an offsetting entry callamortization of gain on the income statement. Okay, so that's the incomestatement. If you will flip then --
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: Then, Allen, the amortization is exactly equal to the threenumbers that Gale shared with us, the interest?
Allen Leverett: Yeah, remember Doug the numbers that Gale talked about werefor the Wisconsin jurisdiction alone. Theywill also be providing credits in FERC and Michigan. For the FERC and Michigan, credits will be on top of thecredits that Gale talked about. And in addition to the credits that Gale talkedabout, remember these funds are unrestricted accounts, so we expect that theyall are in interest, I mean they will in interest. So what will happen in 2010,we would expect you give back that interest, but the numbers that Gale talkedabout were just a principal balances.
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: And what's the scheme in FERC and Michigan,is it similar to Wisconsin,or is it different?
Allen Leverett: Well, each of the three jurisdictions, believe it or not,are different, Doug. Michigan,what they are doing there is they are giving the credits. We are giving thecredits back over 18 months, and so that began in December of last year andwill go for the next 17 months, so that will be over an 18 month period, asopposed to the three-plus year period in Wisconsin. The FERC amount, I expect,will ultimately be a lump sum but there is an outstanding case at the FERC onthe amount of credits that goes back to the FERC jurisdiction. But I expectwhatever the final amount is, it will be given back as lump sum at some point,and I'm still hopeful that will happen in calendar '08.
Gale Klappa: And three years in Wisconsinfor retail customers, and there will be a true up in 2010. I mean, essentiallythe numbers in '09 and '08 that I described to you are in our rate order, andthen as the account or as interest as this restricted cash account or aninterest, we'll see what is there for 2010 and that'll true up. We wereestimating the $114 million in 2010 but that will be trued up, and then asAllen said, 18 months in Michiganand high probability of lump sum for the FERC wholesale customers.
Allen Leverett: The lump sum yet to be determined, but the accountingtreatment, Doug, is the same accounting treatment across all the jurisdictions.It’s just varying timeframe over which the credits are given and the amount ofthe credits, okay.
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Well, I thoroughly confused you, Doug
Allen Leverett: So that's the income statement, would you like me to move onto the balance sheet treatment?
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: Yes, please.
Allen Leverett: Yes, okay, if you'll turn to page 5 on the balance sheet,basically what will happen as we provide the credits, we will bring down firston the asset side, the restricted cash balances. So if you look on the balancesheet that's presented on page 5, those are actually broken into two pieces.There is a $323.5 million of restricted cash under investments, and there is$408.1 million of restricted cash under current assets. So, in effect, as you give the credits, that cash getsbrought down. As that cash is brought down, you discharge the regulatoryliabilities that are shown down in the regulatory liability section. And thoseare embedded, and if you look at the current liability section, the regulatoryliability line, and if you look at the deferred credits and other liabilitysection, there is another regulatory liability line. Embedded within those twolines are the regulatory liabilities related to this point of each transaction. So as we give the credit, you bring down the cash and at thesame time you would lose the regulatory liabilities. So, a couple more movingparts, if you will, on the balance sheet. Okay. And then, finally, on the cash flow statement. What happenson the cash flow statement, again, since you report revenue on a net of creditbasis, in effect, cash provided from operations is reduced for the credits onan after-tax basis that you've given to customers. Okay. The offsetting entrythere is in investing. So you'll actually have a positive flow from investingthat comes out of the restricted account. But again, regardless of whichstatement you're looking at, we'll come back to the guiding principle, which isget 17% rate increase as you buy the company and the thing that reduces theGAAP is the unwinded credit. So hopefully, that's all clear as mud.
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: No, that was very helpful, and that was good. Just one lastquestion on the jurisdictional breakdown of the proceeds, percentage wise?
Allen Leveret: It's roughly at again, these are rough percentages, 87% in Wisconsin retail.
Gale Klappa: It's a little more than 8%, I believe, in Michigan.
Allen Leveret: And the remainder would differ?
Gale Klappa: And the remainder would differ. And also remember, Doug, ofthe proceeds from Point Beach, $85 million was immediately used forregulatory asset recovery at Wisconsin.
Doug Fisher -Wachovia: All right. Thank you. Sorry to torture you with thatquestion.
Gale Klappa:  It's all right.
Allen Leveret: Okay, no problem.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Lapides ofGoldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, congratulations on a good quarter and a good year.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Michael. Michael, were you out there with Eli,this morning?
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: I was not out there with Eli, I was actually e-mailing lastweek with oldest brother, and sent along congratulations.
Gale Klappa: Good for you.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Couple of real quick questions on environmental CapEx.You’ve still got some decisions and the commission still has some decisionsregarding some pretty significant environmental CapEx scrubbers, et cetera, forsome of your older coal plants. We would love your thoughts on when you willgain clarity on that, when the CapEx for that would likely be determined, whenyou would kind of make a go or no-go decision, in terms of going forward withit?
Gale Klappa: Good question, Michael. The principal decision that isbefore the Public Service Commission Wisconsin right now is for air qualitycontrols, principally scrubbers, at our four existing coal fire units at Oak Creek. Under ourconsent decree, we would need to either scrub those units by 2012, or retirethem. And SCR is also, as Rich is saying. So, we have applied tothe Wisconsin Commission with a formal request to receive approval for movingforward, and basically investing in the environmental upgrades of the existing Oak Creek units, andexpected capital expenditure there would be roughly $750 million. The case iswell underway, in fact public hearings were held last night, and myunderstanding is that in the two public hearing sessions from the public, therewas overwhelming support among those who showed up to testify on behalf ofmoving forward and installing the environmental upgrades. I would expect that the commission, if it stays on itspublic schedule, would make a decision certainly in the first half of thisyear, probably by middle of the second quarter. But, that's the biggest one.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: And when would you start construction for that?
Gale Klappa: Rick, immediately?
Rick Kuester: Yeah. Very, very soon.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: A follow-up question. When we think about the bulk of thepower of the future related, especially, to Oak Creek plant when you filed your2009 rate case, how much will be left? Meaning how much of the capital investedare you already recovering earning on, and earning a return on enough capitalright now in your '08 and '09 rates? And how much will you likely file for inthe '09 case? Am I right that we are at a point where you are alreadyrecovering earning on, and earning a return on enough capital, the bulk of theexpenditures?
Allen Leverett: We are essentially earning a return on all of theinvestments.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Yeah.
Allen Leverett: Okay. The return off doesn't start until the unit goescommercial, with those final lease payments. So, in answer to your question,Michael, in this '07 case that separates '08 and '09, essentially all of theinvestments for the coal unit, you got a provision to have a return on thatinvestments.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Right.
Allen Leverett: So, when you get to 2010, there is little that would be leftthat you have to get an additional increase in rates, at least for return on.Now the return off component or depreciation, if you will, that would have tocome in that 2010, in that 2009 case for 2010, rate making.
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: And I assume it's the same for O&M as well, meaningDO&M on the plant. Once it goes live, you wouldn't start recovering thatO&M.
Allen Leverett: Some of that goes as you – it’s almost pay as you go,because we are of course starting the staffing efforts for the coal plant. Andso, a certain amount of expenses were included in this last case, for that. So,some of that O&M is paid as you go. In fact, lots of people have to hirewell before the plant goes on line, because they have to do training and thelike.
Gale Klappa: Michael, I'd like to add to what Allen is saying. This year,2008, Rick's (inaudible) wind group will have about 35 million of additionalO&M, compared to 2007. The lion's share of that is being driven by staffingthat Allen mentioned, of the staffing and training in anticipation of Oak Creek opening, the brand new second unit at Port Washington, and the operation of the Wind Farm. So,much of what you are referring to, Allen, is absolutely correct, is alreadycovered in the rate case that we just completed.
Allen Leverett: And just to be, and I'm sure you are clear on this, Michael,but I want to make sure the other people on the call are clear. Your questionto me was about the rate making and how we're covering this caring cost in ratemaking.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Yeah.
Allen Leverett: But obviously the rate making, and what's in rates in thecurrent period, is different from the income that's recognized. 
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Understood.
Allen Leverett: Okay.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Understood. Lastquestion and this one may be on the easy side, are settlement discussion talkspossible in the litigation related to Oak Creek in the cooling water towers?
Gale Klappa: Well the answer is, yes, they are possible.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Are they under way?
Gale Klappa: We've had some discussions back and forth. Nothing to reportat this point in time. 
Michael Lapides -Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you guys, you'll all have good path, too, then.Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Thank you. You take care.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Reza Hetafi withPolygon Investments.
Reza Hatefi - PolygonInvestment: Hello, Raza. How're you doing?
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments:  Good, how are yourselves?
Gale Klappa: We're doing well.
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments: Allen, I'm sorry if you mentionedthis earlier, but could you give us CapEx breakdown for the next three years,between your existing operations, as well as the Power Of The Future?
Allen Leverett: I'll be happy to do that, Reza.And this detail will also be in the 10-K, that we'll file before too long, butI'll go ahead and give you a preview, so to speak of that. If you look at 2008,so the current year, I would expect to spend right at $1.2 billion on a totalbasis, as I mentioned. $660 million of that I would expect to be at the utilityand the balance would be fully powered for the PPF units. Moving to 2009, I expect to spendjust over $800 million in capital, call it $816 million in capital. $592million of that at the utility, the balance at WE power. Then moving to 2010, Iwould expect about $753 of capital at the utility, still a total of $800million for the consolidated group. So, the balance would be WE power. So just to review, $1.2 billionin 2008, essentially $800 million in 2009 and $800 million again in 2010. Andthen like I've said, the detailed breakdown and the numbers down to the firstdecimal place will be in the 10-K, but that gives you at least a broad sensefor what we're looking at the next three years, including 2008. 
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments: So, that seems like a nice rampon the utility level going to $753 in 2010 from the $500 to $600 ballpark, youguys have been at.
Allen Leverett: Yeah, and the big, big driver in that as you go from really7 to 8, 8 to 9, 9 to 10, as you look at the utility, is the assumedenvironmental spending. So, as Gale was talking about, you get $750 million forenvironmental, that's sort of sprinkled throughout those years and a bit ofthat $750 is in 2011 and 2012. But that’s what largely contributing to that runup if you will.
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments: Great, and then, I am sorry if you mentioned this. Butcouple of other drivers for the year were weather, for both electric and gas$20 million and $21 million pre-tax versus '06. Where were they versus normalweather?
Allen Leverett: Actually, it was a pretty modest impact versus normal. As yousaid right there, you just talked on '07 actual versus '06 actual, that’s the$41 million pre-tax. But if you look '07 versus normal it's only a $9 millionswing. So really, I would say that '06 was a bit more anomalous from a weatherstandpoint than '07. '07 was pretty darn close to normal.
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments: And, could you refresh us again, I guess you were runningthrough bunch of numbers earlier, but this 284 of continuing operationsearnings. Nice finish to the year versus original guidance. What were the majorcouple of drivers against that.
Allen Leverett: Well, as you look at the guidance in October versus where wecame out ultimately. Is that your question?
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments: Right.
Allen Leverett: Yes, well there are really three things. When we gave thatguidance, I believe our conference call was on October 31, so we're justgetting into the heating season in Wisconsin.So, I was a bit conservative on my underlying projection for weather, we didbetter than I expected on weather, we did better than I expected on O&M. And then finally, I had to make pretty conservativeassumptions about where we would end up on recovery of transaction cost relatedto Point Beach. So, when we made that guidanceassumption for 2007, we assume little, if any, of those transaction costs,would be recovered. So, it was one of these sort of happy circumstance, whereall three of those key areas sort of broke our way, did better on the revenues,better on O&M, and we were treated fairly, I think on the transaction costrelated to Point Beach.
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments: And so the transaction cost is a detriment going to '08 asone of the negative drivers I guess?
Gale Klappa: No. The transaction cost would not, that's completely behindus. The negative would be the fact that the sale of Point Beach,actually reduces, I mean comes out of it. It's not an earning asset, onceyou've sold it, obviously. So, essentially compared to '07, where the asset wasearning for nine months of the year, there is about $0.12 differential, becauseit's not in our rate base in '08. Now that…
Reza Hetafi - PolygonInvestments: Yes, sorry, yes. Great, great year, appreciate you guys.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, take care Reza.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Ridzon ofKeybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Reza just asked my question actually.
Gale Klappa: Alright, well, we appreciate you hanging in there, Paul.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Alright.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Take care.
Operator: We'll move next to Dan Jenkins of State of Wisconsin Investments.
Gale Klappa: Dan, Happy New Year.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Hi, how are you?
Gale Klappa: I wouldn't stand out on this one street too long tonight, itwill be up to you, you know what a snow down, Dan?
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Yeah, I'm waiting for that to stop, myself.
Gale Klappa: What can we do for you, Dan.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: I have a few things, just first on permitting litigation orwhatever you want to call it. What's the timetable for that process to getfinalized? Do you have any idea how long it's going to take to get a finaldecision, or is it just really up to the courts and you don't really have aclue or could you give us some insight on that?
Gale Klappa: Sure, I think we have a bit of a clue. As I mentionedearlier in the call, we believe the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resourceswill issue a modified water intake permit in the first half of this year. Ithink we're very much on track for, would be a draft permit for public comment,but I think we're very much on track with that. Then obviously, once the DNRgets public comment, they will issue a final permit. The public comment periodis something less than 60 days. I believe for the public its 30, and EPA mayhave 45 days. So that’s something less than 60 days, and then after that,obviously an environmental group or someone else could contest it, but again Ibelieve that the draft modified permit we believe and hope, it will give ussome ability to continue to move forward with construction and with testing aswe have been able to do so far. So almost impossible to tell when there mightbe an absolute final court resolution as it goes on through several judicialprocesses. Alright, the key question is do we expect to be able to continue tomake progress and stay on track at Oak Creek, and our solid hope is yes.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: So, do you expect then a final permit, probably sometime inthe third quarter that would be reasonable?
Gale Klappa: I’m going to ask Jim Fleming, we go through the draft permitstage public comment, and then the final permit. This is our legal counsel Jimfor --.
Jim Fleming: I think we're hopeful we'll get a draft permit around May 1,and then a final permit around July 1.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Okay, how about you mentioned that you are also involved inappealing the court decision. Is there any dockets out for that yet or --
Gale Klappa: That one is a little… there is no timeframe set yet. Well, Ibelieve the first administrative hearing on this is next week?
Jim Fleming: Because there were actually three judicial review filings,the three courts that are involved, three judges are involved, need toconsolidate those into one and there is a hearing on that next week, but thatshould not be controversial.
Gale Klappa: So we're in a bit of a interesting situation there with thelegal challenge though. Under Wisconsin law,an appellate is not allowed to challenge an order until it is literally a finalorder. And our reading of the Administrative Law Judge's opinion here is thatit is not a final order. So the first, after assuming there is a consolidationof these cases, our appeal, WDNR's appeal and the City Oak Creeks into a singlecase. So the next decision that would have to be made is whether or not we'rein an appealable stage, whether or not this is a final order. Jim?
Jim Fleming: Yeah, we actually, probably just we're not in an appealablestage and the AOJ's order is not a final order. We're asking the court for aclarification of that and as you can tell, this really is a protective measureat this point in time. Is to make sure we don't lose our appeal rights. In casewe were wrong and there is a final order and we just sat back and didn't doanything.
Gale Klappa: Dan, over time, when one clearly looks at the facts in thiscase, I believe the environmental groups that have appealed this, frankly, arenow in a very difficult position. What they are advocating for is anenvironmental solution that would cost an awful lot more money, it would costcustomers more money and would result in poor environmental performance. But atthe end of the day, this is a very practical state and I believe the facts willcarry the day and the facts are this is the best environmental solution.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: So, I think you've mentioned before, what would be theadditional cost you did have to build the cooling towers?
Gale Klappa: Well, certainly north of $300 million.
Allen Leverett: Yes, we've said $300 million before Dan. We did not finalizethat cost, we're doing some more detailed work, but it would be in the range of$300 million to $400 million.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Okay.
Gale Klappa: And that would be for more CO2, more sulfur dioxide, morenitrogen oxide, more use of lake water, and making an awful lot of nuisance.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Alright, but sometimes since it's the price of being some ofthese procedures. So, we will see how it works out, I guess, looking at yourworking capital on the cash flow statements. You mentioned that part of thatwas, I think, the $108 million for the tax payments related to the Point Beach,but year-over-year difference it’s about $300 million. So, I was curious, whatelse is in there that's causing that difference?
Allen Leverett: Well, you add two things really. We talked about the highertaxes and higher affective rates. So, that's certainly affected the cashpayments. And but also it was more about '06 than it was about '07. We had somevery significant improvements in working capital in 2006, if you couldn'trepeat again in 2007 and those were largely Dan the ones in 2006, were relatedto really getting much more optimal about gas and storage, for the gasutilities.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Okay. So, basically '07 is too low and '06 is probably toohigh?
Allen Leverett: Yes. That’s why we're looking at it. In terms of the wayworking capital is affecting the years.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Right. Okay. Then you mentioned, the items that affected theearnings, and you already talked a little bit about the weather impact, but youalso mentioned the mine settlement and then you had the '06 rate increase. Thatmine settlement I guess that would -- we should look at that as one-time item,is that correct?
Allen Leverett:  I don’t expect another settlement with them in 2008, ifthat's your questions. That's for sure.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: So what kind of net impact should we think of for the mostrecent rate increase going from '07 to '08?
Allen Leverett: Yeah, let me talk to that, and maybe another way to kind ofthink about the guidance, if you will, and also can get at your question. It'shard to look at year-over-year changes when you are going from a year where,essentially, all your jurisdiction were in for rate cases, and as we thinkabout it, we had Michigan, FERC and Wisconsin cases across all of our products.So it's kind of hard to look at weather impacts and so on when you get so manyrates resets. So maybe a simple way to think about it is, start with theloss of earnings from the Point Beach sale and that'sabout $0.12 a share, because we have that for three quarters in 2007, of coursewe won't have it at all in 2008. Essentially that negative $0.12 is offset byrate base growth. If you take the two of those, match them together, and it's azero. And now, I will talk about a couple of other factors. Wetalked about the reduction in the rate of return. So, Dan, if you take what isessentially a static equity base of the utility between '07 and '08 factor inthat we expect to earn less on that static equity base. Add to that, theincreased earnings though from PTF and ATC and assume for a moment that we werefully recovered on fuel, okay. You make all those assumptions that brings youto something close to not at, but something close to the high end of ourguidance range, and then you move within the guidance range based on not solelybut a big driver where you move within that range its based on where we end upon fuel.
Gale Klappa: So actual fuel recovery.
Allen Leverett: Right, so again its little hard for me to talk aboutyear-over-year when you have so many rate resets, but maybe it’s easier tothink of it in terms of those drivers.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Okay, and I was wondering on if you're seen any economic impactfrom the economy yet, as far as either maybe slower residential growth ashousing has slowed down or on the industrial side. I know a number of utilitieswho have said they are starting to see some impacts in a sore economy?
Gale Klappa: Yeah, good question Dan. I think, a couple of point. We haveseen customer growth slow a little bit. I think for the year our electriccustomer base grew by about 7/10 of 1% we have been seeing slightly north of1%. So I think from the standpoint of sheer customer growth, we're seeing a bitof a slowdown. On the commercial and industrial side, though, we have not seenit yet. The fourth quarter was actually a very strong quarter for us on largeindustrial electricity usage and commercial usage. Healthcare was up 5% in thequarter, hotels and logging up 4%, chemical production among our large chemicalproducing customers up 7% mining equipment say Joy Global and SirusInternational up very strongly. So many of our manufacturing customers arestill operating at very high levels of capacity specialty steel we has aanother strong quarter and of course we're continuing to see very good, verysolid commercial growth around Milwaukee.So at the moment, knock on wood, we really haven't seen any other than customergrowth, we haven't seen any material impact from the nationwide economicslowdown.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Okay. And I was curious, on interest expense, you mentionedthat's net of the AFUDC given the amount of construction you have gone on. Ijust wondered if you could just give me what the gross is versus the net. Howmuch of an impact does the AFUDC have in?
Gale Klappa: So in effect, what’s the cash interest cost incurred by year? If you look at 2006, our cashor gross interest cost, if you will, was $213 million. If you look at our cashor growth interest cost in 2007, it was $241 million. So that gives you a feelfor cash, interest comps, and in our 10-K of course that will be coming outthat will all be laid out and you can see the chart for three years bycomponent.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Okay. And then the last thing I was wondering is, just whythe financing plans are vary? And then also given the fact you also have quitea bit of short-term debt, are you going to maintain that or you're going toterminate that out as well?
Gale Klappa: Well in terms of financing that I would expect for 2008 inthree pieces, I would expect the permanent financing for the second gas unitprobably in the April-May timeframe that will be around $158 million. I wouldexpect to do term financing at the utility, so specifically, Wisconsin ElectricPower Company I'd expect to do term financing at that level in this calendaryear up to $500 million. And then we're looking at doing up to $250 million of termfinancing at Wisconsin Energy this year as well. As you roll the 2009, at thispoint I don't expect any more term financing at the holding company, wouldexpect to do some term financing at the utility and then we would do the firstpermanent financing expected the first permanent financing for a coal unit in2009.
Dan Jenkins - Stateof WisconsinInvestment: Okay. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Great. Thank you for your questions.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Edward Heyn withCatapult Capital Management.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, how are you?
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: Good, how are you doing?
Gale Klappa: Yes, fine.
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: Good. Just wanted to ask you a quick question on the newpermit that the DNR is looking at. I know that you guys sent some comments tothem after the ALJ decision stating your case. Can you kind of walk through howthey are going to judge this new permit?
Gale Klappa: Pretty simply, I think we can capitalize it for you, Ed.There are set of rules under the Federal Clean Water Act which set out thecriteria by which a permitting agency like the State Department of NaturalResources here in Wisconsin, the set of criteria that they must look at to maketheir decision. The set of criteria, there are three tracks under these sets ofcriteria that they can walk down and apply the criteria against the technologyand the criteria by the way allow a decision that is very site specific. So, that's what the DNR will be looking at. Their frameworkis the Federal Clean Water Act rules as promulgated by the EnvironmentalProtection Agency and then specifically, the tracks under which they aresupposed to examine with specific criteria of how to make this decision. Andagain the permitting agency in this case the Wisconsin Department of NaturalResources has not only the leeway but the ability to make a very site specificdecision for the individual plant site. Jim, anything to add?
Jim Fleming: No, thanks.
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: Okay. And then you mentioned that you would expect anappeal, in the best case scenario you get this permit and it's a new permit, sothe appeal clock starts over?
Gale Klappa: I didn't say I expect an appeal. I said an appeal will bepossible as a rule, but we have no way of knowing whether there would be appealor not.
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: Okay. If the environmental agencies were to issues anappeal, could that process stretch on into your kind of in-service and doesthat cause any problems if it gets to that point?
Gale Klappa: I wouldn't expect the environmental agencies to lodge anyappeal because after the comment period, basically both the WisconsinDepartment of Natural Resources and the Environmental Protection Agency at thefederal level would have had their opportunity to comment. So assuming the draft permit goes final, then it would onlybe an environmental group that might want to appeal. And certainly given thelack of speed in the court system, appeals could go on literally for years ifthey were taken to several different levels of judicial review. But again Ithink the important point is we believe there is President or basically acompliance or implementation schedule that would allow the plant to open whenconstruction is finished and then use the current system we have in place, thewater in-take system in place, until a final decision through the courts wouldbe made if there is a court appeal related to what is, at the end of the day,the best available technology.
Unidentified CompanyRepresentative: We certainly believe the regulatory agencies have thatdiscretion, and we'll certainly ask them to exercise that discretion.
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: Got you. And then just one last quick question, youmentioned that the current rate deal is 3% increase for the credits over thefirst two years.
Gale Klappa: 3.2% a year Ed.
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: And what does that equate to on the last, in 2010?
Gale Klappa: Well, in 2010 we can't really you give you affirm answerbecause we will be filing another case in '09 for rates that would go intoeffect in January of 2010. There will be some bill credits still remaining tohelp offset whatever increase we apply for in 2010 until we really but we'relong way away from filing a case for 2010 rates.
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: I guess that was kind of to my question because if you justlook at it without another rate increase, isn’t the rate increased from '09 to'10 just on this decision going to be almost a double-digit increase? And thendoes that cause problems when you are in front of the commission again for your'09 rate cases because I was kind of getting out?
Gale Klappa: Well, I’m not sure you get the double-digit numbers quite,because it's really going to depend upon what amount of bill credits are stillremaining in this restricted cash account in 2010, and we believe there shouldbe at least $140 million of bill credits remaining in 2010. So I really don'tthink it's my current belief, again a lot is going to turn on what happens tofuel prices going forward, that's going to be a very big variable for allutilities, but for a moment I don't see it has been draconian rate case, Ireally don't.
Edward Heyn -Catapult Capital Management: Okay, great. Well I appreciate the color. Thanks a lot.
Gale Klappa: You're more than welcome Ed. Thank you very much. And thatconcludes our conference call for today ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so muchfor participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson is readyat the phones in our Investor Relations office, her number is 414-221-2592.Again thanks for participating. Have a good day.
