===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor, you may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2025 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our earnings release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $83 million or $0.11 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $328 million a 12% increase over the fourth quarter of 2022. These are solid results considering elevated macro-economic uncertainty in the first quarter and I am pleased with the operational performance delivered by our teams. Turning now to our first quarter business results. I’ll begin with Timberlands on pages five through eight of our earnings slide. Timberlands contributed $102 million to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $167 million, a $41 million increase compared to the fourth quarter largely driven by stronger domestic sales realizations in the West. Turning to the domestic market in the West. Log demand was healthy in the first quarter as mills responded to strengthening lumber prices and seasonally lower log supply. As a result, pricing for our grade logs increased and our average domestic sales realizations were significantly higher compared to the fourth quarter. Our domestic sales volumes increased moderately as we strategically shifted logs to domestic customers and paused shipments to China given the recent ban on U.S. Log imports. Fee harvest volumes were moderately higher and per unit log and haul costs decreased as we made the seasonal transition to lower elevation and lower cost harvest operations. Forestry and road costs were seasonally lower. Moving to our Western export business. In Japan, demand for our logs improved in the first quarter. This was largely driven by a recent decrease in shipments and inventories of imported European lumber, which has allowed our customers to increase market share. As a result, our sales volumes for export logs to Japan were significantly higher compared to the fourth quarter and average sales realizations were slightly higher. In China, log demand moderated in the first quarter in response to reduced consumption during the Lunar New Year holiday. Given this dynamic, coupled with improving Western domestic market conditions, we elected to significantly reduce volumes into China during the quarter. In early March, we paused all shipments in response to Chinese regulators announcing an immediate ban on log imports from the U.S. As a result, our sales volumes decreased significantly compared to the fourth quarter and average realizations were moderately lower. It's worth noting that the log ban had a minimal impact on our first quarter results, and we don't anticipate this being a material headwind to our Western business in the near term. Given our diverse customer base, we were able to shift volumes to other buyers for our Western logs. I will also note that we had reduced our China export program in the quarters leading up to the log ban, primarily due to ongoing consumption headwinds in the region and improving Western domestic market conditions. Turning to the south, adjusted EBITDA for Southern timberlands decreased by $3 million as log markets were largely stable compared to the fourth quarter. Southern sawlog demand remained muted in response to ample log supply and mills continuing to align capacity with lower takeaway of finished goods. In contrast, Southern fiber markets were generally balanced. In general, takeaway for our logs remained steady in the first quarter given our delivered programs across the region. As a result, our average sales realizations were comparable to the fourth quarter. Our fee harvest volumes and per unit log and haul costs were also comparable. Forestry and road costs were slightly higher. In the north, adjusted EBITDA increased slightly compared to the fourth quarter due to slightly higher sales realizations and volumes. Turning now to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources on pages 9 and 10. Real Estate and ENR contributed $56 million to first quarter earnings and $82 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter EBITDA was $6 million higher than the fourth quarter, largely driven by the timing and mix of real estate sales. Real estate markets have remained solid year-to-date and we continue to capitalize on steady demand and pricing for HBU properties with significant premiums to timber value. I'll now turn to our Natural Climate Solutions business and cover some exciting news on one of our previously announced Carbon Capture and Sequestration agreement. Earlier this month, Occidental Petroleum announced an important milestone associated with our CCS project in Livingston Parish, Louisiana. They've signed a 25 year off take agreement for approximately 2.3 million metric tons of CO2 per year from a third party facility that's being constructed in the region. The emitting facility is expected to be operational in 2029 and subsurface injection of CO2 should commence around that time. This is an important step for our CCS project with OXY and represents tangible progress in advancing Weyerhaeuser’s growth in the CCS space. In addition, this underscores the importance of selecting sophisticated counterparties with strong technical, commercial and project development expertise. Now moving on to Wood Products on pages 11 through 13. Wood Products contributed $106 million to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $161 million, which was comparable to our fourth quarter results. Starting with Lumber first quarter adjusted EBITDA was $40 million, a $19 million improvement compared to the fourth quarter. Although buyer sentiment remained cautious, the framing lumber composite increased moderately in the first quarter, largely driven by supply constraints from previously enacted curtailments and closures across the North American market combined with a slight seasonal improvement in building activity into the spring months. Pricing was further supported by concerns and speculation around tariffs on Canadian supply, particularly SPF lumber products. I'll also note that we've seen a steady increase in southern yellow pine lumber prices since January. For our lumber business, average sales realizations increased by 5% in the first quarter, largely in line with the framing lumber composite. Our sales volumes increased slightly compared to the fourth quarter and unit manufacturing costs were slightly lower as production levels increased. It is worth noting that both sales volumes and unit manufacturing costs were slightly unfavorable to our initial outlook for the quarter. This was primarily driven by temporary operational impacts from winter weather in January and a somewhat softer demand environment in the more uncertain macro backdrop. Our log costs were moderately higher, primarily for Western logs. Turning to OSB, first quarter adjusted EBITDA was $59 million, a $4 million decrease compared to the fourth quarter. Benchmark pricing for OSB entered the first quarter on a downward trajectory, largely in response to elevated channel inventories and slower building activity in the winter months. As the quarter progressed, demand and pricing improved slightly in anticipation of the spring building season, but later reversed as buyers weighed the potential impacts of tariffs on the economy and housing demand. This dynamic has persisted into April. For our OSB business, average sales realizations decreased by 1% in the first quarter, which was favorable to the OSB composite. This is largely due to the length of our order files, which results in a lag effect for OSB realizations. Given the softer demand environment, our sales volumes were comparable to the fourth quarter. Unit manufacturing cost and fiber costs were slightly higher. Engineered wood products adjusted EBITDA was $53 million, a $16 million decrease compared to the prior quarter. I'll note that we experienced a multi week outage at our MDF facility in Montana as a result of a fire event in February. This impacted our first quarter EWP results by approximately $11 million. The facility resumed partial production in mid-March and is now back to a more normal operating posture. We plan to make up most of the lost volume over the course of 2025. Moving to our full EWP segment, average sales realizations for most products were comparable to slightly higher than fourth quarter averages. Our sales volumes decreased in the first quarter primarily for MDF and solid section products, whereas i-joist volumes were comparable. Unit manufacturing costs were lower for most product categories, excluding MDF and raw material costs were higher. Turning to the overall demand environment, although our EWP sales volumes and pricing held up reasonably well in the first quarter, demand was softer than our initial expectations. That said, we have seen a slight uptick in our order files over the last several weeks and we do expect our sales volumes to increase seasonally in the second quarter. Moving forward, demand for EWP products will remain closely aligned with new home construction activity, particularly in the single family segment. In distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $4 million compared to the fourth quarter, largely driven by lower sales volumes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Davey to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook.
Dave Wold: Thanks Devin and good morning everyone. I'll begin with key financial items which are summarized on page 15. We ended the first quarter with $560 million of cash and total debt of just under $5.2 billion. First quarter share repurchase activity totaled approximately $25 million and as of quarter end we had completed approximately $925 million of repurchase under our $1 billion authorization. We returned $152 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend, which we increased by 5% to $0.21 per share during the quarter. This marked the fourth consecutive year of increasing our sustainable base dividend by 5% or more. We continue to believe that our dividend framework, combined with opportunistic share repurchase, enhances our ability to drive long-term value by returning meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash back to shareholders across market cycles. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $93 million, which includes $16 million related to the construction of our EWP facility in Arkansas. As we previously communicated, CapEx associated with this project will be excluded for purposes of calculating adjusted FAD as used in our flexible cash return framework. In the first quarter we generated $70 million of cash from operations. It's worth noting that the first quarter is usually our lowest operating cash flow quarter due to seasonal inventory and other working capital build. During the quarter, we refinanced $210 million of high coupon debt at maturity by issuing a $300 million variable rate term loan. We have no additional debt maturing in 2025. Our balance sheet liquidity position and financial flexibility remain strong and we are well positioned to navigate a range of market conditions. Unallocated items are summarized on Page 14. Adjusted EBITDA for unallocated decreased by $13 million compared to the fourth quarter, primarily attributable to changes in intersegment, profit elimination, and LIFO. Looking forward, key outlook items for the second quarter are presented on page 17. In our Timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $15 million lower compared to the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to the seasonal increase in forestry and road costs in our western operations. Turning to the west we anticipate steady log demand in the domestic market in the second quarter as mills respond to improving lumber takeaway as we get deeper into the spring building season. At the same time, log supply is expected to increase as weather conditions improve seasonally. Given these dynamics, we expect a fairly balanced domestic log market and stable pricing for Douglas Fir Logs. That said, we anticipate our average domestic sales realizations will be slightly lower compared to the first quarter, largely due to mix. We expect our fee harvest volumes to be slightly higher given seasonally favorable operating conditions. Forestry and road costs are expected to be higher as we enter the spring and summer months, and per unit logging haul costs are expected to increase slightly as we move to higher elevation sites. Briefly, on our log export program to Japan, as Devin mentioned, shipments and inventories of imported European lumber have decreased, which has allowed our customers to take market share. As a result, we expect steady demand for our logs in the second quarter. That said, we anticipate lower sales volumes compared to the first quarter due to the timing of vessels. Our average sales realizations are expected to increase moderately. Turning to the South. On balance, we're expecting southern log prices to be relatively stable during the quarter and our average sales realizations to be comparable to the first quarter. Log inventories were ample at the outset of the second quarter, but we expect a slight improvement in sawlog demand as mills respond to the recent uptick in pricing and takeaway of lumber. In addition, we anticipate improving fiber demand through the quarter as mills transition from spring maintenance outages. Our fee harvest volumes and forestry and road costs are expected to be higher due to drier weather conditions that are typical in the second quarter and we anticipate moderately higher per unit logging haul costs. In the north, our sales realizations are expected to be moderately higher compared to the first quarter and fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly lower given spring breakup conditions. Moving to our real estate, energy and natural resources segment, we continue to see solid demand for real estate properties and expect a consistent flow of HBU transactions with significant premiums to timber value. For the second quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $50 million higher and earnings will be approximately $40 million higher than the first quarter of 2025 due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. For the full year, we maintain our adjusted EBITDA guidance of approximately $350 million for the segment which includes our target to reach $100 million of EBITDA in our natural climate solutions business. We now expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be 30% to 40% for the full year. In our wood products segment, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher than the first quarter of 2025, excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB as sales volumes increase seasonally across our wood products businesses. After a slower than expected start to the spring building season, I'll note that we are seeing signs of improving demand in certain end markets, particularly from the treater [ph] segment in the U.S. South. In addition, order files for our EWP products have improved over the last several weeks. As shown on page 18, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber are moderately higher than the first quarter average. This is largely in response to the steady increase in pricing for southern yellow pine lumber products. Conversely, for OSB, our current and quarter-to-date realizations are moderately lower compared to the first quarter average. For our lumber business, we expect slightly higher sales volumes and log costs compared to the first quarter. Unit manufacturing costs are expected to be comparable. For our Oriented Strand Board business, we anticipate slightly higher sales volumes and fiber costs. Unit manufacturing costs are expected to increase due to more downtime for planned annual maintenance compared to the first quarter. Turning to our engineered wood products business, we anticipate slightly higher sales volumes for all products in the second quarter and comparable average sales realizations. Unit manufacturing costs are expected to be lower, primarily driven by increased production at our MDF facility in Montana, which has returned to more normal operating levels and raw material costs are expected to be moderately lower. For our distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher compared to the first quarter as sales volumes increase seasonally. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Dave. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets, starting with housing. For the first quarter, housing held up reasonably well, with total starts averaging nearly 1.4 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis and single family starts averaging around 1 million units in the quarter. However, homebuilder sentiment waned somewhat as the quarter progressed and prospective buyers turned more cautious in response to elevated uncertainty surrounding tariffs in the broader economy. This cautious sentiment continued into April as trade policy actions accelerated and markets experienced elevated volatility. Given these dynamics, the spring building season has gotten off to a softer start than we were expecting at the outset of 2025. Moving forward, the housing market will ultimately be determined by the state of the economy and whether the employment picture remains healthy. If the U.S. economy and employment hold up reasonably well, there is no reason we cannot still experience a solid housing market in 2025. Further, if mortgage rates move down over the course of the year, we could even see some upside in housing activity. In the near term however, I suspect we'll see some choppiness in the housing activity as trade negotiations continue and the economy adjusts to these policies. But putting the current environment aside, we remain bullish on housing over the long-term, supported by strong demographic tailwinds, a vastly underbuilt housing stock, and historically low existing home inventories. Turning to the repair and remodel market. Despite the seasonal decrease in activity that's typical in the winter months, R&R activity held up reasonably well in the first quarter. Underlying demand fundamentals remain solid and we're seeing the typical pickup in activity as the weather improves. That said, we are still experiencing some headwinds in this market, namely higher interest rates and fewer existing home transactions due to the lock in effect and more recently weakening consumer confidence. As we look forward, while repair and remodel activity may experience a little turbulence here in the near term as the economy adjusts to tariff actions, we do expect demand to pick up as the year progresses and as we look out over the medium to long-term, many of the drivers for R&R activity are still very much in place, including significantly increased levels of home equity and an aging housing stock. In addition, we've largely worked through the pull forward of projects that occurred during the pandemic and in fact are now seeing project deferrals for R&R projects. So this should be a tailwind for repair and remodel activity as the macro environment improves. In closing, we delivered solid results across our businesses in the first quarter. In addition, we increased our quarterly base dividend for the fourth consecutive year and recently reached an important milestone in our CCS agreement with Occidental in Louisiana. Looking forward, we're well positioned to navigate a range of market conditions in the near term and we remain confident in the longer term demand fundamentals that support our businesses. Our balance sheet is strong and we continue to focus on driving operational excellence, serving customers, capitalizing on strategic opportunities, and creating long-term value for our shareholders through our disciplined and flexible capital allocation framework. With that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, everyone. This is Charles Perron [ph] in for Susan. Thanks for taking my question.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning. Thank you, Charles.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Just first, I want to talk a bit about what hearing on demand for lumber as we enter the building season. I think we've heard from the builders taking down their closing skies for the year and the choppy DIY demand in your prepared remarks. But what are you hearing from retailer demand through the spring and their willingness to ramp inventory given the demand uncertainty, I guess, the expectations for higher tariffs this summer and specifically given the risks of tariffs on Canadian lumber, do you see any shift in order patterns between SPF and Southern [ph] yield pine that could sustain over time?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes. Let me unpack there are a few questions in there. Just in terms of overall lumber demand, I would say it's steady right now. You noted there has been a little bit of pullback and you've seen that in the builder confidence levels here recently. And so I would say it's not maybe as strong as we had anticipated heading into the year. But the flip side of that is we saw somewhere in the neighborhood of 4 billion board feet of capacity come out of the system last year. And so that did balance the supply demand a little bit, and we're seeing that in today's environment, even with a little bit more muted demand overall. But that being said, as we roll into spring, we're seeing the typical increase in demand, and we're starting to see the R&R market move up a little bit. As Dave noted, we've seen a little bit more interest from the treater environment here of late. So as we think about this in the broader sense, I do think with just the lack of clarity around where housing is going to go. We've seen this in lumber, OSB, to some extent, we're not seeing people build inventories to the same level you ordinarily would see heading into the spring. And so I think that's partially uncertainty just around what's going to play out over the next several months. Right now, there is sufficient supply to meet that demand. So it's not causing any significant disruptions in the supply chain. I will just note, and we've seen this many times in the past, to the extent that you don't have meaningful inventories heading into this time of year, and we do see an uptick in building activity that typically will cause some short-term supply shocks that will cause pricing to go up. So that's something that we're watching. There's a lot going on with tariffs and duties. Obviously, that's certainly on the mind of a lot of the buyers. I think there's -- we're in this period of I think we're going to wait and see here for a little bit. The softwood lumber duties increase will not come until a little bit later this summer. And so I don't know that that's necessarily driving a lot of buying activity today. Obviously, there's a lot going on besides the softwood lumber duties with tariffs, including the 232 investigation. But I'm not sure that's driving a lot of activity today. That probably will more so be the case as you get towards the end of the quarter. I will say just the whole dynamic with duties, but also just with the amount of Southern Yellow Pine production that's been put in place all across the south over the last several years. Southern Yellow Pine is a bigger percentage of the overall pie these days. And so you are starting to see more inquiries around transitioning from SPF to Southern Yellow Pine. Still early days, I would say there, but we are getting somewhat more inquiries around that just in anticipation of what's to come.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful, Devin. And then second, I want to talk a bit about EWP. It was encouraging to see that you were able to get a little bit of pricing lift sequentially across both solid section and i-joist this quarter, despite the builders trying to cut cost and find savings wherever it can given the affordability issues. How do you see the outlook for realization for EWP going forward? I know I think you guided for comparable for the second quarter. But considering the dynamics with the builders looking for savings, against rising inflation in some of the raws and overall the market, what do you see the impact for realization and the expectations for volume for those products going forward as well?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, as we said, our view here in the near term is that pricing is more or less going to be comparable here in the near term. We are expecting to see volumes go up somewhat in the second quarter just primarily as a function of just the pickup in building activity as you get into the warmer months. As you look out over time, I mean, it all comes down to the value proposition for the homebuilders. And we do provide a lot of support around our product. We have a very high-quality product that's typically in pretty high demand. And so that's a conversation that's ongoing at all times with our customers, you have to create value, ultimately, if you're going to be satisfying your customer base. So -- to the extent that housing holds up reasonably well and/or improves, that will be a tailwind for pricing and the converse is also true. But that will be an ongoing discussion. Ultimately, it's about providing value and supporting your customers. And that's what we're focused on every day.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Hi everyone, good morning. Thanks for the detail, Devin. So I guess the first question I had for you, given what's been the softer pickup to the summer building season, demand being a little bit soft just given the uncertainties that you mentioned, have you adjusted your harvest profile at all? Or should we still be expecting a 35.5 million tons? And can you give us a bit more color in terms of what you're seeing in terms of the profile of what you're going to do relative to what you might have been looking at 2, 3 months ago?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. George, really outside of a very meaningful recession-type environment, our harvest levels are what they are. We set those to really be within sustainable harvest levels over time. So I wouldn't anticipate any change to our full year harvest levels. We don't typically have an issue moving volume. Sometimes around the margins, there can be some pricing dynamics given what's going on in our end markets, whether that's lumber, pulp and paper. But generally, we set our harvest plans that are pretty stable over time.
George Staphos: Okay. Fair enough. Appreciate that. And then you mentioned the Occidental Petroleum agreement. Can you give us a bit more color relative to what we should be expecting in terms of cash flows, milestones, timing in that regard. And I'll turn it over with that. Thank you.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're really excited about this. As we've said for a number of years, I think CCS is going to be a very big opportunity for us over time. It's progressed more slowly than we had originally anticipated. I think just as the industry is trying to figure out what are the economics behind some of these off take agreements, the permitting process has been much more extended, I think, than anyone had expected. This is -- I think this is a concrete data point that this is going to happen. We're really excited about this project. I believe this is one of the largest, if not the largest, off take agreement in the CCS space in North America, so really excited about that. Again, I'd just reiterate, that's why you pick partners like OXY because they're very sophisticated and they know how to do this. We're not providing the specific economics on a deal-by-deal basis, George. And really, the rationale there is we're out trying to sign more CCS agreements, and we want to make sure we're getting the best economics that we can we will obviously provide more detail about that as these things start coming online. From a timing standpoint, I think they're in the process of getting their permits through the process. I think it's making its way through the process is what we understand and expect they will start building out the infrastructure here over the next couple of years to be ready for first injection in 2029.
George Staphos: Okay, Devin. So in terms of just the cash flows -- I recognize you're not going to quantify, we're looking at sort of 29 and then next decade in terms of when we'll start seeing it actually show up in the P&L then?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean, I would expect it to start showing up in the P&L in 2029. Once you have first injection.
George Staphos: Great, thanks. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew McKellar with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew McKellar: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first, if we do see some meaningful Section 232 tariffs on Wood Products announced, how do you think about the likely impact to timberland valuations over the medium term?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean that's a great question. First, what I would say is just with respect to the 232 investigation really not a whole lot of clarity on how that's going to shake out, what products that's going to cover, what level of tariffs they would cover if that does end up being the results. So hard to make any sort of real definitive determinations around that until we get more information. That being said, in terms of Timberland valuations I don't expect that would have a meaningful impact in the near term. And that's just primarily because unless and until you have good clarity on how long those kinds of tariffs would be in place. I suspect people are not going to be building that meaningfully into the valuation of Timberlands because, again, it's just a very long-term asset class and people tend to look out over the course of decades rather than a 2 and 3 year increments. So I don't know that it would necessarily have an impact on Timberlands values or at least not anything material.
Matthew McKellar: Okay, thanks for the color. And last for me, just on the OSB business, you mentioned some planned annual maintenance in the quarter. I recognize this as planned maintenance, but have you been intending to perform this maintenance in Q2 for some time? Or are you pulling forward any maintenance maybe based on what you're seeing in the market?
Devin Stockfish: No. I mean, this was part of our annual plan. As a general matter, we plan the annual maintenance work well in advance if you have to order equipment, you have to schedule outside contractors. And so we typically come up with a plan to cover the year. And absent something really meaningful changing in the environment, we typically stick with those plans. It's just you typically incur some extra cost if you start moving that around late in the season.
Matthew McKellar: Okay, thanks very much. I’ll turn it back.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. A few quick follows. One, on that OSB annual plan maintenance, order of magnitude, how much impact would you expect that to have in 2Q?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, not a meaningful impact. I mean, I think we're still expecting that operating rates would be in the kind of the low to mid-90s, which is consistent with where we were in the first quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Maybe $10 million or something or less...
Devin Stockfish: No, no, no, less than that.
Mark Weintraub: Less than that. Okay. And then in terms of the EWP, the fire impact, so that was $11 million in the first quarter. So does that $11 million disappear in the second quarter? And then you actually hope to recoup some of it with stronger volumes in the back half of the year, all else equal?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. So the $11 million was the impact to the first quarter. We have largely returned to more normal operating levels at this point. There's going to be a small impact on the second quarter -- but as we said, we do expect to get most of that volume back over the course of the year. So some of that will come back in Q2 potentially, but likely over the second half of the year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then lastly, just -- so you have a 16% tax rate in the first quarter which I assume means that you are expecting a healthy share of your income to come from your TRS this year, which presumably would mean that you're still pretty optimistic on how the Wood Products business is going to turn out for the rest of the year. Is that fair? And if it ends up being a little bit weaker, does just the tax rate go down for the balance of the year? Is that how it would play out?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, I think you're right on the mechanics. The full year projected tax rate, that's primarily driven by the mix between REIT and TRS earnings with the TRS earnings being most significantly driven by the Wood Products business. Though, of course, there's other items that go into that from time to time, whether that be regional mix of earnings in Timberlands or Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources of course, always challenging to predict where commodity prices are going to move over the course of the year in an environment like this, it gets even more challenging. So that's why we're not giving full year guidance there. But -- yes. I mean, to your point, given the strength of lumber prices we've seen to date, prospect of increased duties later in the year, all the things that Devin walked through earlier, if the employment and broader macro environment holds on, there's no reason this can't be a solid year in Wood Products.
Mark Weintraub: Got you. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ketan Mamtora: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. First question, can you talk a little bit about the channel inventories as you guys see it in lumber or SP and EWP in the context of what we've discussed today with slower sort of start of the spring season, homebuilders sounding a little more cautious. How would you characterize inventories still lean, more balanced or probably a little bit kind of more than balanced at this point?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, so relative to what you would normally see this time of the year, I would say the inventories are a little lighter than you would expect. Now that being said, it's currently by and large, the supply is meeting the demand. So there's not a tremendous urgency on the part of the buyer community to build meaningful inventories on balance right now. And so again, I think things are fine as long as building activity continues along the current path. If things were to pick up, as I mentioned earlier, I think what that typically results in is you'd see a little bit of a spike in pricing as people try to get out from under lean inventories.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. That's helpful. And then second question -- good to see the progress on the CCS side. I'm just curious on forest carbon, Devin, last quarter, you talked about a pretty meaningful jump over 2024. Is that still on track for 2025?
Devin Stockfish: It is, yes. So we've got 2 projects that have already been approved. We've got 7 more in the pipeline in various stages of review by either the third-party auditors or several of those are in for final approval with ACR. So everything is progressing. I mean it's always hard to predict exactly when these things come through the process, but we're still looking for to a pretty meaningful increase in forest carbon this year, somewhere in the 5x to 10x, depending on how quickly we can get these things through the audits, but I think we're heading in the right direction -- seems to be good demand from the customers that we're talking to. So it should be a nice pickup in forest carbon this year.
Ketan Mamtora: Perfect. That’s very helpful. I’ll jump back in the queue. Goodluck.
Devin Stockfish: Allright, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hong Hang with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Hong Hang: Yes, hey thanks for taking my questions. I guess my first question, you've talked a little bit about the supply, the demand dynamics that are causing weakness in OSB pricing. I guess -- in the near term, what do you think needs to change for us to see a stabilization in prices?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean I would say it's by and large, pretty stable right now. It's obviously a little lower price than we saw a little while ago. But I think right now, the supply/demand dynamic is pretty balanced. We started the year in OSB with pretty light buying activity, particularly from the home improvement warehouse segment. And so that kept it pretty light. You saw that pick up a little bit over the course of Q1, but it's come back down here over the last several weeks. It feels like it's sort of stabilizing right now from a pricing standpoint, I would expect as we get deeper into the building season, remember, even though we had 1.4 million starts in Q1, that is on a seasonally adjusted basis. So in terms of the actual number of units that are going to get built, it will be higher as we get into Q2 and the summer months. And so you'll see that activity pick up here. And I think all things being equal, even on the current path, things are probably in a pretty stable range right now. Obviously, if you saw interest rates go down to have buying activity pick up, then obviously, that would have some tailwind effect for pricing. But overall, it feels pretty stable right now.
Hong Hang: Got it. And I guess my second question, the administration signed a lot of executive actions trying to increase timber production has recently opened up, I guess, land or public land for timber harvest -- how do you expect that to kind of play out in the timber market?
Devin Stockfish: Well, yes. So first, just a reminder here, we don't do any logging on federal lands with the exception of a very, very small amount of wood in Montana. We don't buy timber off federal lands. We procure logs from our own timberlands and other private landowners. So that's not an area that we really participate in. In terms of how this plays out, I think it's a little hard to say. I will say at the outset, and I think most people agree with this, there is an opportunity to make the federal forest more resilient to fire risk by doing some active management. And so -- to the extent that through these executive orders, that helps the forest service be a little bit more proactive on some of these things to make sure that we don't see the number of acres burned every year. That's a positive for everyone, including Weyerhaeuser. Now beyond that, I'm not sure you're going to see a dramatic increase in logging activity on federal lands, at least not in the West because the mill infrastructure really isn't built for those larger logs. I think there's some other practical challenges that could limit a meaningful increase, just lagging capacity, trucking capacity, etcetera. So I'm not sure that's going to have a big impact here in the near term. Obviously, the administration is focused on manufacturing jobs in the U.S. And so that's a positive overall, and we certainly agree with the administration on that front, but whether the opening up federal forest means meaningfully more logs coming out in the near term. I'm not sure about that. But we'll watch it. And others that are deeper in the space of logging on federal lands may have more insight there. That's just not something we typically do.
Hong Hang: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamir Patel with CIBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Hamir Patel: Hi, good morning. Devin, you mentioned more inquiries around transitioning to customers looking to transition to Southern Yellow Pine from SBS. Can you speak more to perhaps where are you seeing that interest? Is that more larger public builders versus private? And any maybe differences across regions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean I would say, regionally, it's kind of those Midwest regions where they've traditionally been SPF markets, and you've had a little bit of Southern Yellow Pine moving in there but primarily in the SPF market. So regionally, that's kind of where you're seeing. It's across the board, though -- from dealers to even the home improvement warehouse customers. As you look forward, it's clear that there is going to be less SPF on the market, whether that's because of beetle infestation, fires, government policy, trade issues, etcetera, that seems to be the case. And obviously, there's been a lot of southern yellow pine lumber capacity that's been coming into the market. So ultimately, that is going to happen. And I think people are seeing the future and realizing that this may be the time to start dipping your toe in the water and getting your arms around Southern Yellow Pine. Again, it's not I wouldn't say we're all that far down that road, but we're in the early innings, I think, and you're starting to see more inquiries on that.
Hamir Patel: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And you also indicated you expected R&R activity to pick up later this year. Do you think that end market for wood products experiences growth this year, just given the sluggish pace year-to-date?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, it's puts and takes, right? Because from a housing standpoint, obviously, it's hard to know. We're still early in the year. But just given the general commentary that we've heard from some of the builders whereas we were thinking initially maybe housing was up slightly, maybe that's perhaps down to flat or even slightly down overall. From an R&R standpoint, I think where we're coming from is we've got massive amounts of home equity out there. I do think we've seen a little bit of a headwind from activity during the pandemic. That was a little bit of a drag. But I think we've worked through that pull forward. And so that should open up a little bit more. And as interest rates, particularly on the short end, open up a little bit more financing activity. I think that could be another tailwind as well. And so we are expecting things to pick up. All things being equal, obviously, if we're in a recession or there's some other meaningful impact to the economy, then of course, that would impact our view. But if things stay relatively stable, then I think that can be some upside over the course of the year. And just whether that balances out, slightly softer housing, I think it's hard to say. It really depends on how much uptick you get on R&R. But again, we're there's a lot of negativity out in the market right now. I understand that. There's uncertainty, clearly. But sitting here today, I mean, we're still looking at having a good year this year. And so our views on that haven't really changed. There may be some bumps in the road along the way, but the businesses are operating well. The pricing environment is still reasonably good. And so we're not maybe as pessimistic as some other folks.
Hamir Patel: Fair enough. That’s all I had. I’ll turn it over. Thanks.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Roxland: Yes. Thank you, Devin, Dave and Andy for taking my questions. Devin, I just wanted to follow up on the sense that was driving the slight uptick in order files in EWP over the last several weeks. Is that you mentioned seasonality. I mean have you seen a pickup in building activity? Because it certainly doesn't start for your comments that there's been much in the way of restocking, so is the seasonality of pickup in drilling activity that's led to better order files in EWP. And can you remind us the operating rate you ran at an EWP in 1Q and what you expect in 2Q?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean I think it's largely seasonality, right? And it's where are you comparing it to? So Q1 is always the slowest season of the year just because of the weather. And as the weather improves, you see a pickup in building activity. And so maybe it's not as strong as we had thought it would be coming into the year, but it's still stronger than Q1. And so that's -- I think that's really what's driving the uptick right now. From an operating rate standpoint on EWP we were sort of in that low 70s -- 70% range. We do expect that to improve as we go into Q2.
Michael Roxland: Got it. Okay. And then just congrats on the Occidental progress and probes overall versus CCS. Just at a recent conference, you mentioned that -- and you started to go today here, that CCS is a big opportunity, but not as big as you originally planned. Can you give us a sense of the scale of the opportunity as you now see it and how that compares to your original outlook -- and why the change in expectations? Is that solely due to the permitting process and sorry...
Devin Stockfish: Just to be clear, I do not view it as less overall opportunity. In fact, I think the opportunity set for CCS is fairly significant. So our views on the magnitude of the opportunity haven't changed. The only thing that's really changed is just the time line. We had originally thought we would start seeing injections in kind of 2026, 2027 time frame. And that's been pushed back by a few years. So the time line to get these things up and running is a brand-new business for everybody involved, and it's just taken longer to come to fruition. But the magnitude of the opportunity, we still think is fairly significant. Any heavy manufacturing is going to need CCS if you're going to reduce your greenhouse gas emissions, there's just really no other way to do this cost effectively. So I think this is going to happen. It's going to happen in a big way. It's just going to come to fruition over a little bit longer time line.
Michael Roxland: Got it. And I appreciate the clarity there. And then just one last thing, in terms of CCS, does it tend to be higher margin relative to wind, solar and carbon credits and mitigation banking. Is that typically the highest margin product that you have in natural climate solutions?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean the margin is incredible, right? Because you're leasing subsurface space. We're not we're not putting any of our own money into building out the infrastructure. We're not really managing it. There are very little in terms of cost from our standpoint around employees who've got we've got people managing the program, but it's a really, really low cost. It's virtually all upside because it's on top of the Timberlands aboveground. So it's like wind in the sense that this is just pure upside to managing the land base.
Michael Roxland: Got it. Thank you very much.
Devin Stockfish: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Buck Horne with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Buck Horne: Hey thanks, good morning guys. Just wanted to maybe zoom out a little bit, just take stock of where we're at in terms of the stock price performance. And obviously, the discount to NAV here, probably one of the widest discount since the pandemic. Does that strategically give you any thoughts about -- are there any maybe noncore timber positions you would think about monetizing or could monetize in the near term and maybe accelerate some share repurchase activity to maybe close this NAV gap or take advantage of the dislocation?
Dave Wold: Yes, Buck. I mean, look, we're always looking at levers to create shareholder value. We've been balanced in our capital allocation approach. So for us, it's not really a matter of having to choose between the various outcomes -- we're not in a position where we've got to get to an appropriate leverage place or meet dividend requirements. We feel really good about those. So really, we're able to think about the various components and opportunities that are available to us separately. So on the timberland side, as we've said, we've got a high degree of confidence that the value is going to go up over time. So we're going to continue to be active there. But that said, it is critical to be disciplined in our approach as we look at those transactions, so we don't overpay. And we haven't been afraid to make adjustments to our portfolio when we can find more efficient uses of capital whether that be through the real estate program, whether that be through swap like transactions like we did late in 2023, really looking to improve the quality of our portfolio, the cash flow generation capability. And we've been active in share repurchase. We've nearly completed that $1 billion authorization. We'll continue to lean in and be opportunistic there. But as always, it's a matter of looking at all the opportunities that are available to us and allocating our capital in a way that creates the most value for shareholders.
Buck Horne: Got you. Appreciate that, thanks Dave. And just a follow-up on solar leasing. Is there any update in terms of market momentum in terms of option conversions or how do you view kind of the opportunity set for solar uptake in the next couple of years?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean we're making great progress. So we've got our first operating solar site -- at this point, we've got two more that are currently under construction that I suspect will be online later this year or at the latest, early next year. The pipeline continues to grow. We're continuing to sign new agreements. We're really focused on signing up with counterparties that are big and sophisticated and can navigate whether it's the permitting process or ultimately with some of the challenges here from a supply chain standpoint, the folks that can navigate that. So we feel good about the conversion rate in terms of the pipeline that we've developed and -- my expectation is we'll be adding several of these every year really over the next decade. So we're expecting this to continue to become a bigger and bigger component of our NCS business over time, so very positive.
Buck Horne: Thanks guys, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Thanks. A couple of quick follow-ons just on tariffs. So to the extent you can comment, and I know it's really hard to parse this Devin and Dave, do you think -- and recognizing the tariffs are moving to target. Has there been much from what you see and what you talked to in terms of the field impact from tariffs built into lumber pricing as you see it right now? And the related question given the fact that there's been so much capacity that's gone into the U.S. over the last number of years and that gap between supply and demand has diminished. I recognizing a stronger housing market, that gap would widen out again. Do you think tariffs would have had much effect on lumber pricing as we sit here today? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. In terms of today, I don't think it's having a meaningful impact on pricing. It can. And I think we saw that around the April 2 announcement, there was clearly some impact to lumber pricing in anticipation of that. And you kind of saw the run-up and then when it was determined that Wood Products would be exempted from the across-the-board tariff, you saw those prices come back down. I do think as you get closer to the August, September time frame where the new duty structure will come into place. I suspect you'll see some impact there. And the wildcard, too, is what happens in the broader tariff environment, whether that's the 232 or just the broad-based tariffs to the extent that those come into play, I mean, it will impact pricing around the margins, for sure. Is it going to have a material impact? I think that, to your point, George, is really just a function of where we are in the demand cycle. If demand is strong, that will push pricing up, tariffs maybe put a little bit on top of that. If demand is weak, really, what it does is just adjust where the cost floor is. And so that ultimately can impact capacity decisions. So I think this will play out over time. There's a lot of uncertainty around it. And I think to some degree, you may see some hesitancy people building inventories, not knowing necessarily what's going to happen on tariffs, at least until we get closer to a more certain date on those new duties.
George Staphos: Thanks, Devin.
Devin Stockfish: Allright, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 04:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor, you may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2024 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our earnings release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported full year GAAP earnings of $396 million or $0.54 per diluted share on net sales of $7.1 billion. Excluding special items, full year 2024 earnings totaled $384 million or $0.53 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.3 billion for the year. For the fourth quarter, we reported GAAP earnings of $81 million or $0.11 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was $294 million, a 25% increase over the third quarter. I'll start this morning by expressing my sincere gratitude to our Weyerhaeuser employees for their solid execution and dedication in 2024 in what was a very challenging market backdrop. Through their collective efforts, we continue to serve our customers, delivered industry-leading operating performance and drove meaningful improvements across each of our value levers in the investment thesis. Notably, we grew our timberlands through acquisitions in Alabama, announced plans to expand our engineered wood products portfolio, advanced our Natural Climate Solutions business and captured additional operational excellence improvements. We also increased our base dividend by more than 5% and returned $735 million of cash to shareholders based on our 2024 results, including $153 million of share repurchase. I'm incredibly proud of these accomplishments, all of which support our growth strategy and drive long-term value for our shareholders. Before moving into the business segment results, I'd like to comment briefly on an exciting growth initiative within our EWP business, which is summarized on Page 24 of our earnings slides. As we announced in the fourth quarter, we plan to invest approximately $500 million to build a state-of-the-art TimberStrand facility in Arkansas. TimberStrand is a proprietary and versatile engineered wood product with applications in residential, industrial and mass timber end markets. The new facility will address an underserved and growing market for the product in the U.S. South and showcases Weyerhaeuser's innovation in Wood Products. Notably, we combined institutional expertise from our existing TimberStrand facility in Canada with extensive research and development to enable manufacturing of the product with southern yellow pine as the primary feedstock. Given its location in Arkansas, the new facility will deliver seamless integration with our existing timberlands and distribution network. In fact, approximately 80% of the raw material sourcing for the facility will come from Weyerhaeuser of the timberlands, resulting in an excellent new outlet for our southern fiber logs in the region. Construction of the facility will begin this year with startup expected in 2027. Once fully operational, the facility will add 10 million cubic feet of production, doubling Weyerhaeuser's TimberStrand offering and increasing total company EWP capacity by approximately 24%. In addition, the facility is expected to generate over $100 million of annual adjusted EBITDA, with additional upside from portfolio integration benefits. We're excited to bring this new facility online and look forward to expanding our footprint and workforce in Arkansas. With that, I'll now turn to our fourth quarter business results, starting with Timberlands on Pages 7 through 10. Timberlands contributed $62 million to fourth quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $126 million, a slight increase compared to the third quarter. In the West, adjusted EBITDA was comparable to the third quarter. Turning to the Western domestic market. Log demand improved in the fourth quarter as mills responded to strengthening lumber prices and a seasonal reduction in log supply across the system. As a result, pricing for grade logs increased as the quarter progressed and moved substantially higher in December. That said, our average domestic sales realizations were comparable to the third quarter due to mix. Our sales volumes to domestic customers increased moderately as we reduced shipments to our customers increase, moderately as we reduce shipments to customers in China. Per unit log and haul costs were comparable to the third quarter and forestry and road costs were seasonally lower. Our fee harvest volumes were slightly lower, largely due to fewer working days in the fourth quarter. Moving to our Western export business. In Japan, log markets remained soft in the fourth quarter due to ongoing consumption headwinds and elevated inventories of finished products for our customers. As a result, our sales volumes and average realizations for export logs to Japan were slightly lower compared to the third quarter. However, inventories and shipments of European lumber imports decreased as the quarter progressed, allowing our customers to pick up market share. As a result, we expect stronger demand for our Japanese export logs in the first quarter. In China, despite ongoing consumption headwinds, log markets remained relatively stable in the fourth quarter and demand from our strategic customers was steady. That said, our sales volumes into China were significantly lower as we intentionally flex logs to our domestic customers. Our average sales realizations were comparable to the third quarter. Turning to the South. Adjusted EBITDA for Southern Timberlands increased by $2 million compared to the third quarter. Southern sawlog markets remained muted in the fourth quarter as log supply was ample and mills continued to align capacity with lower takeaway of finished goods. This was partially driven by the seasonal reduction in lumber demand around the holidays. In contrast, Southern fiber markets were generally stable. On balance, takeaway for our logs remained steady given our delivered programs across the region, and our average sales realizations increased slightly compared to the third quarter, largely driven by a higher mix of grade logs. Our fee harvest volumes and forestry and road costs increased in the fourth quarter as operating activities in certain regions shifted from the prior quarter due to wet weather conditions. Per unit log and haul costs were comparable to the third quarter. In the North, adjusted EBITDA increased slightly compared to the third quarter, largely driven by higher fee harvest and sales volumes given favorable weather conditions. Turning now to real estate, energy and natural resources on Pages 11 and 12. In the fourth quarter, Real Estate and ENR contributed $46 million to earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $76 million, and largely in line with third quarter results. For the full year, the segment generated $349 million of adjusted EBITDA, slightly higher than our revised full year guidance and $29 million higher than our initial outlook. These results were largely driven by solid demand and pricing for HBU properties in our real estate business, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. They also reflect a significant year-over-year increase in contributions from our Natural Climate Solutions business. As shown on Page 23, full year adjusted EBITDA for NCS was $84 million, a 79% increase compared to 2023, primarily driven by strong contributions from our conservation, mitigation banking and renewables business, where we continue to see solid demand. In Forest Carbon, we achieved notable milestones in 2024, including the approval and credit issuance from our second project located in the U.S. South and a new issuance of credits from our project in Maine. In the fourth quarter, we sold approximately 50,000 credits in the voluntary market. We continue to see strong demand and premium pricing for our credits given our commitment to developing projects that meet high standards for quality and integrity. Looking forward, our Forest Carbon pipeline is developing rapidly, and we currently have seven additional projects in progress. For 2025, we expect a significant increase in credit generation and sales relative to the last couple of years. In renewables, demand continues to increase for large-scale solar development and we're well positioned to capitalize on opportunities as markets continue to expand. We've signed approximately 70 agreements for potential solar projects across our portfolio and our first solar site commenced operations in the fourth quarter, and we have two additional sites currently under construction. With respect to wind, operations commenced on our seventh site in December and we expect an additional project to come online in the coming months. Turning briefly to our carbon capture and sequestration business. We continue to work closely with the developers on our three announced agreements and are in discussions with new counterparties for additional projects. While the time line for CCS and the permitting queue in particular has extended beyond our initial expectations, we remain confident that projects will ultimately be developed and continue to expect CCS to be a meaningful contributor to our NCS growth strategy over time. So, in summary, we continue to make excellent progress in our Natural Climate Solutions business, and we remain on track to reach $100 million of adjusted EBITDA by the end of this year. As we've said all along, early growth has largely been supported by our existing businesses. That said, we expect 2025 NCS results to include a meaningful increase in contributions from Forest Carbon credits. As we look beyond 2025, we see additional upside across the carbon and renewables businesses as those markets continue to develop. We built a world-class team with deep technical expertise and strong commercial focus, and we continue to believe there is no company in this space with the capabilities or asset base to deliver on this value creation opportunity at scale like Weyerhaeuser. Now moving to Wood Products on Pages 13 through 15. Wood Products contributed $106 million to fourth quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $161 million, a 77% increase compared to the third quarter, largely driven by an increase in lumber and OSB pricing. Starting with lumber. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $21 million, a $50 million improvement compared to the third quarter. Benchmark prices entered the fourth quarter on an upward trajectory, largely driven by supply constraints from recent curtailments and closures across the North American market, combined with a slight increase in demand as buyers replenish lean inventories. As the quarter progressed, demand signals moderated given typical seasonal slowdowns in building activity over the winter months. As a result, benchmark pricing declined slightly through year-end and has remained relatively stable in January. For our lumber business, production volumes were moderately higher in the fourth quarter as we returned to a more normal operating posture following market-related production adjustments in the prior quarter. Our sales volumes were comparable to the third quarter. Our average sales realizations increased by 9% in the quarter. Unit manufacturing costs were comparable and log costs were slightly lower. Turning to OSB. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $63 million, $24 million increase compared to the third quarter. Average benchmark pricing for OSB increased by 16% in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by resilient demand from single-family construction activity and limited open market supply. Our average sales realizations increased by 5% compared to the prior quarter, with the relative difference largely due to the length of our order files, which results in a lag effect for OSB realizations. Our sales volumes were moderately higher and unit manufacturing costs were moderately lower as production levels increased given less downtime for planned annual maintenance. Fiber costs were comparable to the prior quarter. Engineered Wood Products delivered $69 million of adjusted EBITDA, an increase of $8 million compared to the third quarter. Demand for EWP products was steady at the outset of the fourth quarter, given favorable weather conditions for homebuilding activity but softened seasonally as the quarter progressed. On balance, our sales volumes increased slightly compared to the third quarter, largely attributable to solid section products. Our average sales realizations decreased for most products as previously determined price adjustments took effect in certain markets. Our unit manufacturing costs improved compared to the third quarter and raw material costs were slightly lower for most products. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $4 million compared to the third quarter, largely due to seasonally lower sales volumes, primarily in December. With that, I'll turn the call over to Davie to discuss some financial items and our first quarter and full year 2025 outlook.
Dave Wold: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 17. We generated $218 million of cash from operations in the fourth quarter, bringing our total for the year to $1 billion. We ended the year with just under $700 million of cash and gross debt of $5.1 billion. Adjusted funds available for distribution totaled $567 million in 2024. And as summarized on Page 19, we returned $735 million back to shareholders based on 2024 results and actions. This includes our quarterly base dividends, which we increased by 5.3% in 2024 and $153 million of share repurchase activity during the year. Fourth quarter share repurchase activity totaled $28 million, and we have now completed approximately $900 million under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Entering 2025, we will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. It's worth noting that although our cash generation in 2024 was lower than the last couple of years due to challenging market conditions, we continue to demonstrate the durability of our portfolio and the flexibility of our capital allocation framework across market cycles. In addition to returning a meaningful amount of cash back to shareholders in 2024, we continued investing in our businesses and deployed capital towards strategic growth opportunities. These are notable achievements given the headwinds our industry faced in 2024 and a direct result of the actions we've taken over the last several years to make Weyerhaeuser a stronger and more valuable company. Looking forward, our balance sheet, liquidity position and financial flexibility remains strong, and we are well positioned to drive further advancements across all of our capital allocation levers. Fourth quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 16. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment decreased by $15 million compared to the third quarter. This was primarily attributable to an increase in variable compensation expense and a charge in intersegment profit elimination and LIFO, partially offset by a slight benefit in liability classified share-based compensation. Key outlook items for the first quarter and full year 2025 are presented on Pages 25 and 26. In our Timberlands business, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $20 million higher compared to the fourth quarter of 2024, largely driven by higher sales volumes and realizations in the West. Turning to our Western Timberlands operations. As Devin mentioned, pricing for domestic grade logs increased substantially in December, and we've seen additional upward momentum in January. This is being driven by healthy demand for logs in the domestic markets as mills navigate seasonally lower log supply and the prospect of improving lumber takeaway ahead of the spring building season. Given this dynamic, we expect higher domestic sales volumes and realizations compared to the fourth quarter. Absent weather-related disruptions, we expect our fee harvest volumes to be slightly higher in the first quarter. Forestry and road costs are expected to be moderately lower due to the seasonal nature of these activities, and per unit log and haul costs are expected to be slightly higher. Moving to the export markets, starting with Japan. As Devin mentioned, inventories and shipments of imported European lumber have decreased, allowing our customers to take market share. We expect this dynamic to continue through the first quarter. As a result, demand for our logs is expected to improve, and we anticipate higher sales volumes and realizations compared to the fourth quarter. In China, log demand is expected to moderate in the first quarter in response to reduced consumption during the Lunar New Year holiday. Given this dynamic, coupled with improving Western domestic market conditions, we expect to significantly decrease our sales volumes into China during the quarter. Our average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. Turning to the South. Despite ample log inventories, Southern sawlog demand is expected to improve slightly as mills navigate the risk of log availability challenges resulting from wet weather conditions that are typical in the first quarter. In contrast, we expect fiber markets to remain fairly stable. On balance, we expect our average sales realizations to be comparable to the fourth quarter. Our fee harvest volumes and forestry and road costs are also expected to be comparable, and we anticipate slightly higher per unit log and haul costs. In the north, our fee harvest volumes are expected to be slightly lower compared to the fourth quarter, and we anticipate moderately higher sales realizations. Turning to our full year harvest plan. For 2025, we expect total company fee harvest volumes of approximately 35.5 million tons, which is slightly higher than 2024. From a regional perspective, we anticipate the South and North will be slightly higher than last year, and the West will be comparable. Moving to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We anticipate steady demand for our real estate properties in 2025 and continue to expect a consistent flow of transactions with significant premiums to timber value. In our Natural Climate Solutions business, we expect to reach $100 million of adjusted EBITDA by year-end. And as Devin mentioned, we anticipate a meaningful increase in contributions from forest carbon credit sales in 2025. For the segment, we expect full year 2025 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $350 million. Basis as a percentage of real estate sales is expected to be between 35% and 45% for the year. First quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter of 2024. Turning to our Wood Products segment. Excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher compared to the fourth quarter of 2024. It's worth noting that adverse weather conditions in January resulted in temporary downtime at several of our wood products facilities. We have since resumed normal operations and expect to capture affected volumes as the quarter progresses. As Devin mentioned, demand for wood products has softened into the winter months, which is typical for this time of year. That said, we expect market conditions and demand to improve from current levels as we head into the spring building season. Benchmark prices for lumber have been fairly stable since early December as supply and demand have approached a more balanced state. As for OSB, benchmark pricing entered the first quarter on a downward trajectory largely due to elevated channel inventories and seasonally softer demand. As shown on Page 27, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber are moderately higher than the fourth quarter average. For OSB, our current realizations are comparable to the fourth quarter average, while quarter-to-date realizations are moderately higher. For our lumber business, we expect higher production and sales volumes in the first quarter and lower unit manufacturing costs. Log costs are expected to be slightly higher, primarily for Western and Southern logs. For our Oriented Strand Board business, we anticipate moderately higher sales volumes compared to the fourth quarter. Fiber costs and unit manufacturing costs are expected to be slightly higher. Turning to our Engineered Wood Products business. we expect improving demand heading into the spring building season. As a result, we anticipate slightly higher sales volumes for most products in the first quarter. Our average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the prior quarter and raw material costs are expected to be slightly higher, primarily for OSB web stock. For our distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher compared to the fourth quarter as demand improves into the building season. I'll wrap up with some additional full year outlook items highlighted on Page 26. In 2025, we expect our interest expense to be approximately $270 million. For taxes, we expect our first quarter and full year effective tax rate to be between 16% and 19% before special items based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. Additionally, we anticipate moderately lower cash taxes relative to our overall tax expense. For pension and post-employment plans, our noncash, nonoperating pension and post-employment expense is expected to be approximately $75 million. We do not anticipate any required cash contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan in 2025 but expect approximately $20 million of required cash payments for all other plans. As for capital expenditures, we expect our typical CapEx program to be approximately $440 million in 2025, which includes $120 million for timberlands, inclusive of reforestation costs, $310 million for Wood Products and $10 million for planned corporate IT system investments. This excludes the investment required in 2025 for the construction of our new EWP facility in Arkansas. The total investment for this facility is expected to be approximately $500 million and will be incurred between 2025 and 2027. As we've previously communicated, capital expenditures associated with this project will be excluded for purposes of calculating the Company's annual adjusted FAD as used in our flexible cash return framework. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Starting with housing. Despite elevated mortgage rates for most of the year, single-family construction activity remained resilient in 2024 with starts increasing by 7% over the prior year. This was supported by healthy, underlying demand for housing, a limited inventory of existing homes on the market and incentives used by the homebuilders to offset affordability challenges. In contrast, multifamily starts decreased by approximately 25% in 2024, largely driven by higher interest rates and the wave of new units that came to market over the last 18 months. As we enter 2025, mortgage rates remain elevated, we'll likely continue to see some volatility with rates as the markets weigh potential impacts from policy decisions from the new administration as well as future Fed decisions on rates. Notwithstanding the rate environment, we're expecting new home construction to improve somewhat compared to last year. For the single-family segment, there are a few underlying dynamics that support our view. First, from a buyer psychology perspective, mortgage rates in the 6% to 7% range are increasingly being viewed as the new normal, which is a different mindset from a few years ago. Single-family starts reached 1 million units in 2024, a respectable level given the rate environment. We expect this positive trend for single family to continue into 2025, given solid underlying demand for housing with upside potential, if mortgage rates move meaningfully lower. Second, while we do expect to see more sales activity in the existing home market, the lock-in effect will largely remain in place, which will continue to support steady demand for new home construction. And finally, we believe the larger, public builders will continue to navigate buyer affordability challenges and are well positioned to increase production to meet pent-up demand. With respect to multifamily construction, we expect headwinds to persist in the near term as the market digests the latest wave of supply. But we could see a modest increase in activity in the back half of the year, which would be a tailwind for total housing starts. So, in summary, we should see some improvement in the housing market for 2025, assuming the economy and consumer remain healthy. And our longer-term view on housing fundamentals continues to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbuilt housing stock. Turning to repair and remodel, activity was softer in 2024 compared to the last couple of years. This was largely driven by a significant reduction in the buying and selling of existing homes, which is normally a catalyst for R&R activity. In addition, inflationary pressures and elevated interest rates weighed on the consumer sentiment, particularly for lower end do-it-yourself projects. As for 2025, we're expecting repair and remodel activity to improve slightly compared to last year. That's based on our view that we'll see an uptick in existing home sales, which should increase demand for repair and remodel projects over the course of 2025. In addition, I think we've now worked our way through the pull forward of projects that occurred during the pandemic so this should be less of a headwind for R&R going forward. Looking further out, many of the key drivers supporting healthy repair and remodel demand remain firmly intact, including an aging housing stock. And I'd also note, there is a fairly significant amount of home equity that can be tapped for repair and remodel projects. As rates come down, this could be a meaningful tailwind for the segment. Finally, I'll provide an update on the progress we've made against the multiyear targets we announced at our Investor Day in September of 2021. As highlighted on Slide 21, we've made meaningful advancements on all fronts. Starting with our portfolio. Following our recent acquisitions in Alabama, we're now more than 3/4 of the way through our $1 billion Timberlands growth target. We've grown our Natural Climate Solutions business to $84 million of adjusted EBITDA. In terms of our operating performance, we've captured $117 million of margin improvements over the last few years, a notable achievement given the inflationary and market-related headwinds we faced during this period. Additionally, through the third quarter of 2024, we delivered peer-leading EBITDA margins across all of our Wood Products manufacturing business, and maintain the number one position in EBITDA per acre in Western Timberlands. On the ESG front, we remain committed to net zero by 2040 and have showcased leadership in carbon integrity by publishing our carbon credit and greenhouse gas inventory principles. And finally, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to returning meaningful amounts of cash back to shareholders, by increasing our quarterly base dividend by more than 5% annually and returning more than $5.3 billion of cash back to shareholders from 2021 through 2024. I'm extremely proud of the progress we've made against our strategic targets. Looking forward, we're committed to further advancements across each of these areas and are well positioned to achieve our multiyear goals by year-end. So, in closing, while 2024 was an extremely challenging year in many of our key markets, particularly lumber, I'm pleased with how the organization navigated this environment and executed well across our businesses. I believe this is a testament to our people and our strategy. Entering 2025, our balance sheet is strong, and we are well positioned to capitalize as market conditions improve. We remain focused on serving our customers and driving long-term value for shareholders through our unmatched portfolio, industry-leading performance, strong ESG foundation and disciplined capital allocation. With that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: My first question is maybe digging in a bit to the commentary on demand around housing. I think Devin, it was good to hear that you see a path to some growth there for both new homes and R&R. I guess could you just give some more details on how you're thinking about inventories heading into the spring and the busy season there. And especially, any thoughts on retailers and how they're approaching this market given the potential for some inflation in commodity prices against a more uncertain macro backdrop?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sue, are you talking about inventories at the product level or housing specific?
Susan Maklari: Well, inventories at the product level, more than the housing side of things, yes.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes. So, it's differential by product. I'd say on the lumber side, generally, inventories in the channel are relatively lean. That's certainly true for southern yellow pine and doug fir, maybe a little less so with SPF. I think there's some angst about what's going to happen with tariffs there, and that may be impacting things. On the OSB side, inventories are a little heavy. I think you saw a little bit of a backup in the channel around the holidays and so dealers and the home improvement warehouse customers are working through a little of that. On EWP, pretty normal for this time of year. As we think about heading into the spring building season in general, I think there's just more optimism in general across the board that we're going to see some level of improvement. That's certainly what we're hearing from most of our big builder customers. On the retail side, again, I think for that part of our customer base, there is some optimism that you're going to see some improvement in R&R this year. Last year was a pretty tough year on that front, and I think we're seeing just a little bit more optimism for how that's going to play out this year. It's always hard to tell when you're in the January time frame. Particularly, we saw a lot of weather, cold weather across the U.S. South here recently. That's not atypical. You see a little bit of tick down in demand in the colder months. But ultimately, I think the general view is we're going to see a better year this year.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then following up, there's been obviously a lot of talk on tariffs or the potential for tariffs that could come through with the new administration. Can you talk about the implications across the various wood products and how that could potentially come in? And what it could mean for your margins and business?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, Sue, look, at a high level, I'll just note that it's still somewhat unclear if the tariffs are going to happen, when they're going to be put in place, how they're going to be affected. And so, there's still, I would say, a lot of unknown about how that's going to play out. But if you were to have a 25% blanket tariff on products coming in from Canada, there will be some puts and takes. Obviously, we do have operations in Canada, but the majority of our manufacturing is in the U.S. And so, on balance, I would expect you'd see prices go up somewhat, at least to the point where the Canadians and Canadian manufacturing send their product into the U.S. would be margin positive. Otherwise, you would expect capacity to come out of the system. So, I think it would have some upward pricing pressure. Obviously, lots of variables that go into that, including on the demand side. But directionally, I think you would see that go up. I would just note for us on the lumber side, about 80% of our lumber manufacturing is in the U.S. and our Canadian lumber relatively small percentage of that does go into the U.S., probably 20% to 30%. So not a terribly high percentage of our lumber production in Canada comes into the U.S. On the OSB and EWP side, the majority of the volume we produce in Canada does come in the U.S., so that would obviously be subject. But again, the vast majority of our production is in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question is from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ketan Mamtora: Devin, to start with, on the EWP side, can you talk a little bit about the progress you guys are making in recapturing share from open web floor trusses and this sort of dynamic this year when -- and it's been going on for a little while where sort of builders are providing more incentives to customers. So how is the competitive dynamics there on the pricing side?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, so as we've said previously, during the pandemic, when EWP supply was difficult for many of the builders out of necessity, there was some conversion to open web trusses. We've seen that a little bit slower to convert back to EWP, largely as a result just of the low lumber prices that we've seen here recently. So, from a pricing standpoint, that's been a little bit more challenging. Ultimately, we still expect the majority of that to come back to EWP over time, and that will certainly be supported as lumber prices get back to what we would consider a more normalized level. But ultimately, there are a lot of advantages in using in the home. And so, we would expect to recapture that market share over time.
Ketan Mamtora: Understood. And then on the NCS side, Devin, you talked about a pretty nice uptick coming in 2025 in Forest Carbon. Can you give us some sense as to kind of -- how much did you -- credits did you sell in '24? And what do you expect in 2025 and roughly sort of the price expectation there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, in 2024, we sold right around 15,000 credits. Those were also at a premium price, slightly up from what we sold last year. When we think about 2025, the pipeline is filling up. So, as we mentioned, we have seven additional projects that are working their way through the process. The timing on some of those is always a little challenging to predict. We've got our ducks in a row, but you still have to go through third-party audits and there's a whole process that you have to go through. But I would expect a pretty material uptick something in the neighborhood of 5x to 10x year-over-year increase in our carbon sales for 2025. And obviously, we have more coming behind those seven that we're currently in development. So, we're just continuing to build out the pipeline and that will continue to grow over time, and we're just -- we're really pleased with the work our team is doing and I think we're starting to see that progress come to fruition.
Ketan Mamtora: That is a big jump, Devin. Congrats on all the progress you've made there. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Congrats on the progress during the year. I guess I want to come back to lumber. And Devin, you were saying that from your vantage point, inventories are relatively lean in the channel. We also read and hear that there's uncertainty about the tariffs. But as you were commenting a few minutes ago, certainly, the tariff does go in place is probably more inflationary than deflationary, right? And so, why are we not seeing in your view or what you're hearing from the field more uplift in lumber pricing right now? It seems like we have some supply constraints. We have inventories lean, we have the potential optionality, but that's probably more up and down in terms of the optionality from tariffs. Why aren't we seeing more of an uplift? Does it give us any worry, perhaps, about the overall demand outlook for this year? How would you have us think about that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think there are two things that I would highlight, George. First of all, is I do think the weather here recently, particularly the cold stretch across the U.S. South did impact demand to some degree. So that's a portion of it. But I think with respect to the tariffs, on balance, there has been skepticism in the market that the tariffs are, in fact, going to go into effect. And so, we haven't seen people that are putting a lot of pre-buy orders out to get ahead of the tariffs. And I just -- I think that there has been a disbelief that, that will actually happen or if it does come into effect, maybe there's some delay in the effective date, so people will still have time. I mean I think that's the answer. The latest that we've heard is we'll get a little bit more clarity on that tomorrow. And so perhaps that will provide a little bit more insight into how this is going to come in effect in the time line how quickly it will come into effect.
George Staphos: Okay. Next question is really around capital allocation. Certainly, the Company going back to its goals that have set out back in 2020 has been hitting or exceeding its capital return goals and the value return. The last year the value return to shareholders has been in excess of FAD. How should we think about your priorities in the next couple of years in terms of the dividend, should we continue to expect it grows at 5% or better? You certainly have the maturities coming up in 2026. Not that Weyerhaeuser can't handle that given its asset based. But nonetheless, should we expect a little bit more focus on deleveraging relative to dividend relative to value return to shareholders, given that construct?
Dave Wold: Yes. Well, George, there's a lot in there, so I'll try to take them component by component. I think on the base dividend, obviously, that's a Board decision, but the ability to increase that base dividend is supported by all the work we've been doing over the last few years to increase sustainable cash flow generation. So, all the work we've been doing on Timberlands acquisitions, the growth in the Natural Climate Solutions space, improvements in OpEx, all of those things that give us confidence that no matter the scenario, we feel confident in our ability to increase the base dividend amidst challenging market conditions. So as we think about the debt maturities, yes, we do have $1 billion of maturities coming due in 2026. We feel really good about our ability to refinance those. I don't think anything changes from our overall capital allocation approach as we look at that. The biggest component of that is a three-year maturity that we refinanced back in 2023. There's also some smaller maturities that are a lot older that have a much higher rate. So, all in, we're looking at a rate average in the mid-5s on all the debt coming due next year. So, we should be able to refinance those at comparable rates. But I think just reflecting on what we've accomplished over the course of 2024. This is exactly what the cash return framework was designed to accomplish. We essentially covered our base dividend through adjusted FAD, even in what was probably the most challenging lumber market in about 15 years or so. So, we're quite pleased about how this played out over the course of the year, being able to continue to have that exceptionally strong balance sheet, making progress towards our strategic growth initiatives such as the Alabama acquisitions, the announcement on the new TimberStrand facility while also being able to maintain our programmatic CapEx at meaningful levels and being active in share repurchase. So again, looking at all of those things, I think it demonstrates the power of our cash return framework, why it works so well for us, and it's going to allow us to create that value through the cycle for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hamir Patel with CIBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Hamir Patel: Devin, can you speak to your operating rates in lumber and OSB in the quarter? And how would that compare between the U.S. and Canadian operations?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So operating rates in Q4, kind of in the low 80% range for lumber, high 90s in OSB and somewhere in the low to mid-70s for EWP. In terms of the breakout between the U.S. and Canada, really no material difference. We didn't have a different operating posture north or south of the border?
Hamir Patel: Okay. Great. And just the last question I had. If we do end up seeing tariffs driving maybe a larger uplift in U.S. industry production, how much flexibility do you have to increase your harvest levels in the South and West to meet perhaps a window of higher U.S. output?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean we do have some flexibility in harvest levels. I'll just give you the context that we, as a general matter, don't flex that significantly just because we're always trying to manage within a sustainable harvest range. And so, you're not going to see dramatic changes. That being said, we do have a little bit of flexibility. And certainly, I think in the South, there is adequate fiber availability to support increased manufacturing across the U.S. South at present. So, I don't think that is going to be the bottleneck for ramping up production in the south, if that needs to happen.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Devin, thanks for the color on both potential impact from tariffs. And then also, when you're talking about the operating rates in the different businesses. So, I sort of want to put those two things together. I mean, it sounds like in lumber, you actually have a fair bit of flexibility maybe you could make a little more wood in the U.S. if need be? And as you noted, you're actually not making that much in Canada that you're shipping to the U.S. to begin with. And it sounds like OSB, though, you wouldn't necessarily have that type of flexibility. And then I guess in EWP, it might be more complicated. You've got the -- if you look at operating rates, it sounds like you have flexibility, but they're different products, and they're made in different places. So, to the extent that you could provide us a little bit more thinking on how it might within the business that -- where you'd have flexibility to adjust versus not so much?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean I would just point out on OSB, so we'll talk about EWP as well. On OSB, I mean, certainly, we don't have a whole lot of upside potential because you typically are running full out in the OSB operating posture. And so, it's not as though you can really flex up meaningfully with your U.S. OSB production. But I would also keep in mind, however, ultimately, OSB is going to come in from Canada. The industry needs it. And so, there's going to be OSB coming into the U.S. And that's where our focus on having low-cost manufacturing comes into play. In almost any environment, low-cost wins, and we've been focused on that for a very long time. So regardless of what happens with tariffs, we're still going to be, I think, well positioned relative to most of the industry with low-cost production. On EWP, you're right. We have some different products. So TimberStrand and Parallam are up in Canada. And so, to the extent that there are tariffs that are applied to those products, we'll have to manage that. But the good news is both of those products are products that are very well received in the market. Our customers like those products and need them, and so we'll just have to work with our customers to navigate it. But ultimately, I don't see the demand for either of those products being meaningfully impacted. It will likely have some impact on price over time.
Mark Weintraub: Got you. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on harvest. I mean it looks like you're probably up 3% to 4% in the U.S. South in 2025 versus 2024? Maybe tell me that's about right?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's about right?
Mark Weintraub: Yes. And then is that just a function of the acquisitions that you've made? And is this fairly reflective of what we should think about as the sustainable harvest level?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We're within the range of sustainable harvest. Part of it is acquisitions that we've made. Part of it is we were down a little bit in '24 versus our original plan, largely just due to some weather events in Q3, which we would normally be able to make up in Q4. But just given the dynamic with lumber last year, that was a little bit more challenging. So, some of that volume will roll into '25. But that's, generally speaking, within the range of what we consider our sustainable harvest levels with the caveat that we're obviously continuing to grow the business. And so, as we continue to buy more timber, that will move the harvest levels up over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew McKellar with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew McKellar: Looking at OSB, you're expecting moderately higher sales volume in Q1 but also slightly higher unit manufacturing costs. So, I was wondering if you could just please expand on what's driving your expectations on cost there?
Dave Wold: Sure, Matt. Yes, we had a really nice quarter in the fourth quarter from a cost perspective and the OSB business ran really well, increase that production volume. As we look out in the first quarter, we think we'll have another good quarter from a production perspective, but we are seeing a little bit of an uptick in some of the other costs, things like energy and resins that are going to go into that. So, on the whole, that's going to be up slightly, but we continue to be very pleased with the overall operating performance in that business and the continued focus on maintaining the right cost structure.
Matthew McKellar: Okay. Mostly [indiscernible] then. Okay. And then just on the LSL facility, you talked about $100 million in EBITDA there before portfolio integration benefits. How do you think about those portfolio integration benefits look like? Is that mostly, I mean, tightening that pulpwood market in the area, which benefits Timberland's business, being able to serve that demand in a more freight logical way? Or are there other potential considerations as well? And is it possible to quantify all this. I mean, if we're thinking about the economics more holistically, is this more like a 4x build multiples and a 5x multiple?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, so without giving you a specific number, you got the main ones right. So, when you're talking about a market that could use a little bit more fiber demand to tension up that market. That's exactly right. That is a component. And as we said, 80% of the feedstock is going to be from our timberland. So that will be a nice uplift just in demand for pulpwood in that region. Also, you're exactly right, the logistics savings on having that right in the middle of a significant fee timberland ownership provides benefits as well. So, it really just gives us the opportunity within that particular wood basket to optimize the log flow, which comes with OpEx savings and synergies between those two businesses. So exactly what we're trying to do with the business everywhere we have manufacturing in Timberlands.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Roxland: Congrats on all the progress. First question I had, just Devin, I'd love to get your thoughts on what the new administration and what they're doing in terms of suspending the Inflation Reduction Act funding, suspending funding for the infrastructure and investment in Jobs Act. So long story short, the new administration is cutting funding for, let's say, offshore wind power, trying to minimize wind, there probably are negative read-throughs for CCS, if they continue along this track. So, would love to get your thoughts about what the -- anything you're hearing from your contacts, from your involvement in the industry in terms of risks to Natural Climate Solutions, particularly given the new administration?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I'll answer this by first saying a lot of this is still very much in flux as they think about how they're going to put some of these policies into effect, how this is going to run through the budget, the reconciliation bill. I think there's still a lot of unknowns. But I'll tell you, from our perspective, how we think about it. We're obviously not in offshore wind. Certainly, that does seem to be an area where there is some risk. For us, as we've said, we've got a number of operating wind sites. We've got another one that's pretty close to being done. I don't think any of this impacts the existing or soon to be existing wind sites. On solar, the economics for solar feel pretty good. I don't know that you necessarily need significant government expenditures to make that economically competitive. There are obviously tax incentives that are built into the code. And I think you'd have to, by and large, see the IRA fully amended to adjust those tax incentives, which I am skeptical that you're going to see the IRA repeal or meaningfully amended. And that's really based on a couple of things. First of all, a lot of the money from that program and from the IRA in general, is flowing into Southern red states. And so certainly, I think as the administration and Congress try to dial in how this is going to play out that will be a factor. And so, we'll see how this all progresses. But look, in any event, these things, ultimately, we believe, are all going to happen. The trajectory points towards the need for all of these things over time. Maybe we'll see less outward vocal support for some of these things here in the near term. But our view is that the ultimate trajectory and the momentum behind these things is going to carry these projects and these businesses forward, and we still believe there's plenty of growth left across these sub-businesses.
Mike Roxland: Got it. I appreciate the color. And then just for my second question, in terms of the new EWP capacity in Arkansas, obviously, you currently produce TimberStrand in Canada using hardwood, you're going to be using southern yellow pine in the South. Can you just comment about how the testing has gone, using that furnish? How has it performed? Do you anticipate any issues as you roll it out on a larger scale because assuming that the testing was done on a smaller scale? And then lastly, just your expectations for EWP operating rate in 1Q.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Well, we've been working on this for a couple of years. We have some of the best wood scientists in all of North America in-house. And so, they've been doing a lot of testing. We are fortunate because we do have an existing mill that we can use to help facilitate some of the testing to get everything dialed in. But we obviously have a lot of confidence that this is going to work well and provide a product that the market wants. So, we feel very good about it. And as we've done a lot of testing, as you would expect, before we roll out an investment of this side. So, feel very good, should be well received in the market. And again, I think that's just a testament to some of the resources that we have internally. That's not as easy as one might think, turning this product to go off of a softwood furnish. So, feel very good about that. In terms of operating rates for EWP in Q1, we're expecting those to be up relative to Q4. And again, Q4, we were kind of in that low 70s rates. So, you'll see that move up in Q1.
Operator: Our last question will come from George Staphos at Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Just a quick follow-on on the TimberStrand project. And piggybacking on what Mike was talking about. Recognizing that you've produced these products in the past, EWP TimberStrand is different perhaps than panels different than dimensional lumber. How do you feel about your ability to ultimately hire to run the facility, how do you feel about your ability to staff on R&D and the like related to what you're going to need to build the facility? And then separately, perhaps you've mentioned this before, if you have apologies, do you have a figure that we should pencil in for the CapEx related to that project in 2025, what the cadence might look like, recognizing it's $500 million? And then maybe philosophically, just why not include that CapEx in your FAD. And good luck in the quarter and the year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Maybe I'll take the first part and then Davie can cover off on the CapEx component. Obviously, as you would expect, we looked at a lot of different sites as we were thinking about where to put this facility and workforce availability was a key component of that. We are fortunate that the mill manager from our Kenora facility is going to move down to Arkansas and manage the startup. So, we have good resources in place. We're going to be putting some of our top people on getting this mill built and started up. We have a really strong internal R&D resources already. So, there's nothing we need to do incremental to where we are on that front. So, look, I'm not underestimating, you still have to go out and hire quite a few people, and so that's a process. But I feel very good about our plan and how we've got this lined out to make that happen. So, we'll be on track, and I'm sure we'll have this started up and it will go well like our other recent big capital projects.
Dave Wold: Yes. George, from a CapEx perspective on TimberStrand, we've said it's going to be $500 million over the course of the construction period through 2027. It's a little bit fluid on the timing of all of that. I think how I would think about it is this year, we're going to start to ramp up, go through the permitting, initial construction phases as we get towards the end of this year and into 2026, we'll start to receive more substantial pieces of equipment and get deeper into the construction process. So, we'd expect spending to ramp up in 2026 compared to 2025 and then taper off as we get to completion in 2027. And so, as we think about that spend as it relates to our cash return framework and adjusted FAD, our intention, again, is to exclude that CapEx from the programmatic CapEx. The reason being we're going to treat this like we would our other strategic investments like investments in timberlands and other things of that nature. If we included it alongside our programmatic CapEx, we'd otherwise be reducing the amount of cash we're going to return to shareholders. And so that's not our intention. So, as you'd expect, over the course of this year, we'll report out on the CapEx that we're expanding for this project separately, and you'll be able to see that track along the way as well.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor. You may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s third quarter 2024 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our earnings release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and David Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $28 million or $0.04 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion Excluding a special item, we earned $35 million or $0.05 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $236 million for the quarter. Our teams delivered solid operating performance in the third quarter against a challenging market backdrop. Notwithstanding recent headwinds, we remain well-positioned in the current environment given our deeply ingrained OpEx culture and relative position on the cost curve. Our balance sheet is strong and we continue to demonstrate the durability of our portfolio and capital allocation framework across market cycles. Looking forward, we’re optimistic that market conditions will improve into 2025 and maintain a constructive outlook for the longer-term demand fundamentals that support growth for our businesses. Before moving on to our business results, I’d like to provide an update on the Alabama timberland acquisitions that we announced in July. As a reminder, the acquisitions totaled approximately 84,000 acres or $244 million, and were sourced through multiple transactions, the first of which closed in the second quarter. I’m pleased to report that we completed the remaining transactions in the third quarter and earlier this month. These acquisitions represent an attractive opportunity to enhance our portfolio with high-quality, well-managed timberlands that generate solid returns for our shareholders. In addition, they demonstrate meaningful progress toward our multiyear timberlands growth target. Including these transactions, we’ve deployed approximately $775 million against our target and are on track to reach $1 billion of strategic timberland acquisitions by the end of 2025. Turning now to our third quarter business results. I’ll begin with timberlands on Pages 6 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $57 million to third quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $122 million a $25 million decrease compared to the second quarter, largely driven by lower sales realizations and volumes in the West. Starting with the western domestic market. Log pricing faced downward pressure in the third quarter as log supply remained ample and mills carried elevated log inventories and continued to navigate a very challenging lumber market. As a result, our average domestic sales realizations decreased compared to the second quarter. Our fee harvest volumes were moderately lower as we made the seasonal transition into higher elevation and lower productivity harvest operations. Additionally, although wildfire activity was limited in our timberlands, dry conditions across the Pacific Northwest resulted in additional operating restrictions in certain areas, further reducing our harvest volumes in the third quarter. Per unit log and haul costs and forestry and road costs decreased compared to the second quarter. Moving to our western export business, starting with Japan. Log markets softened in the third quarter given ongoing consumption headwinds in the Japanese housing market and elevated inventories of finished products for our customers. In addition, there was a significant increase in European lumber imports into Japan following the resolution of a labor strike in Finland earlier this year. This led to increased competition in the Japanese market. Given this dynamic, demand from our strategic customers moderated in the third quarter. As a result, our sales volumes and average realizations for export logs to Japan were lower compared to the second quarter. In China, log market showed signs of moderation at the outset of the third quarter in response to lower consumption levels and elevated log inventories at the ports. As the quarter progressed, consumption improved steadily and inventories fell to their lowest levels since January. On balance, log demand was solid from our strategic customers, and we shipped more volume to China than our initial plan for the quarter. That said, our sales volumes and average realizations were lower compared to the second quarter. Turning to the South. Adjusted EBITDA for southern timberlands increased slightly compared to the second quarter. Southern sawlog markets continued to soften as log supply remained ample and mills further adjusted the lower pricing and takeaway of lumber. In contrast, southern fiber markets were generally stable. On balance, takeaway for our logs remained steady given our delivered programs across the region. As a result, our average sales realizations were comparable to the second quarter. Our fee harvest volumes and forestry and road costs were lower as multiple tropical weather systems impacted the region in the third quarter. It’s worth noting that while our timberlands were largely undamaged by these storms, wetter than normal conditions limited our operating activities in certain geographies. Per unit log and haul costs were comparable to the prior quarter. In the North, adjusted EBITDA decreased slightly compared to the second quarter, sales realizations were moderately lower due to mix and fee harvest volumes were significantly higher resulting from the seasonal increase in harvest activity that’s typical in the third quarter. Turning now to Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources on Pages 10 and 11. Real Estate & ENR contributed $51 million to third quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $77 million a $25 million decrease compared to the second quarter, largely driven by the timing and mix of real estate sales. It’s worth noting that real estate markets have remained solid year-to-date, and we continue to capitalize on steady demand and pricing for HBU properties with significant premiums to timber value. I’ll now make a few comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business. We remain on-track to receive approval for two forest carbon projects in the U.S. south in the coming months. Between the initial credits from these projects and the next issuance from our main pilot project, we expect to generate over 100,000 credits. Looking forward, we have several additional projects in the development pipeline and are encouraged by the increasing demand for high-quality credits and growing support for voluntary carbon markets. Turning to Renewables, we continue to see strong demand for large scale solar development and are well-positioned to capitalize on this opportunity as markets continue to expand. In total, we signed approximately 70 agreements for potential solar projects. Notably, we have three solar developments currently under construction, one of which is expected to be operational by year-end. Additionally, we’re expecting two new wind projects to come online in the coming months, which will increase our wind portfolio from six active sites to eight active sites. Moving now to Wood Products on Pages 12 through 14. Excluding a special item, Wood Products contributed $37 million to third quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $91 million, a $134 million decrease compared to the second quarter, largely driven by lower product pricing, particularly in OSB, as well as lower sales volumes and higher unit manufacturing costs across our Wood Products segment. Starting with lumber, Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was a $29 million loss as significant headwinds persisted across the North American market. Benchmark pricing for lumber reached historically low levels at the outset of the third quarter, particularly in the U.S. south. This was driven by several ongoing dynamics, including cautious buyer sentiment, ample supply and soft end market demand. As the quarter progressed, supply and demand began trending towards a more balanced state and benchmark pricing improved slightly. It’s worth noting that lumber prices in the U.S. south have steadily increased in October, as inventories remain lean and buyers navigate supply constraints following recent tropical weather events and in response to a series of mill curtailments and closures across the region. In addition, we’ve started to see an improvement in repair and remodel demand in the U.S. south, particularly from the treater segment. For our lumber business, production volumes decreased in the third quarter as we reduced our operating posture in response to a softer demand environment. This took place across our mill set and included the previously announced curtailment of our New Bern sawmill. As a result, our sales volumes were moderately lower in the third quarter and unit manufacturing costs were moderately higher. Our average sales realizations decreased by 4% compared to the second quarter and log costs were slightly lower. For the fourth quarter, we plan to return our lumber business to a more normal operating posture. We’re encouraged by recent improvements in the southern lumber market and given our OpEx focus and relative position on the cost curve, we’re better positioned to operate through the commodity cycle compared to much of the industry. Turning to OSB. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $39 million, an $83 million decrease compared to the second quarter, primarily due to lower product pricing. Supply and demand were relatively balanced across the North American OSB market in the third quarter, and benchmark pricing was stable, albeit at a much lower level than the second quarter average. For our OSB business, average sales realizations decreased by 25% compared to the second quarter. Our sales volumes were moderately lower and unit manufacturing costs were moderately higher due to planned annual maintenance outages that are typical in the third quarter. Fiber costs were slightly lower in the quarter. I would note that we’ve seen OSB prices trend up in recent weeks and our order files are now extended out through November. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA was $61 million, a $31 million decrease compared to the second quarter. This was largely driven by lower sales volumes and higher unit manufacturing costs as we aligned our production to match customer demand and to keep inventories at appropriate levels in light of weaker July housing activity. Notably, our average sales realizations for solid section and I-joist products were comparable to the second quarter. Looking forward, demand for EWP products will remain closely aligned with new home construction activity, particularly in the single-family segment. Given this dynamic, we expect a slightly softer demand environment in the fourth quarter as housing activity typically decreases into the winter months. That being said, we do have a favorable outlook for housing and EWP demand as we transition into next year’s spring building season. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $4 million compared to the second quarter, largely due to a decrease in sales volumes and commodity margins. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Davie, to discuss some financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.
David M. Wold: Thanks, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I’ll be covering key financial items and third quarter financial performance before moving into our fourth quarter outlook. I’ll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 16. We ended the quarter with just under $900 million of cash, of which $114 million was earmarked for the final tranche of the Alabama timberland acquisitions we closed earlier this month. Our balance sheet, liquidity position and financial flexibility remain strong. In the third quarter, we generated $234 million of cash from operations and capital expenditures were $97 million. We now expect approximately $420 million of capital expenditures in 2024, which is at the lower-end of our multi-year targeted range of $420 million to $440 million. It’s worth noting that we’re always evaluating our capital allocation levers and have the flexibility within our framework to make adjustments in response to market conditions, alternative uses of cash and the capacity to successfully execute on our annual CapEx program. Importantly, we are committed to investing in our businesses across market cycles and are pleased to remain within our multi-year CapEx range despite the challenging market conditions in 2024. We returned $145 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend and approximately $25 million through share repurchase activity in the third quarter. These shares were repurchased at an average price of $30.64, and as of quarter end, we had completed approximately $875 million of repurchase under our $1 billion authorization. As demonstrated by the recent timberland transactions, the increases to our base dividend, our continued share repurchase activity and our commitment to investing in our businesses, we remain well-positioned to navigate a range of market conditions and take advantage of compelling capital allocation opportunities that generate solid returns for shareholders. Third quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 15. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment increased by $10 million compared to the second quarter, partially attributable to lower corporate function and variable compensation expenses. Looking forward, key outlook items for the fourth quarter are presented on Page 18 and updates to several full-year outlook items are presented on Page 19. In our Timberlands business, we expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be comparable to the third quarter of 2024. Turning to our Western Timberlands operations. We expect the domestic log market to be relatively stable in the fourth quarter and anticipate steady demand for our logs. As a result, pricing for our grade logs is expected to be comparable to the third quarter. That said, we anticipate a slight decrease in our average domestic sales realizations, largely driven by a lower mix of grade logs. Our sales volumes to domestic customers are expected to increase in the fourth quarter as we reduce shipments to our customers in China. Forestry and Road Costs and Per Unit Log and Haul Costs are expected to be slightly lower, and we anticipate moderately lower fee harvest volumes given fewer working days in the fourth quarter. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, we expect log markets to remain soft in the fourth quarter due to ongoing consumption headwinds and elevated inventories of finished products. As a result, we anticipate slightly lower sales volumes compared to the third quarter. That said, our average sales realizations are expected to be comparable. Turning to China. Despite ongoing consumption challenges, Chinese log markets are expected to be relatively stable in the fourth quarter, and we anticipate steady demand from our strategic customers. That said, we anticipate a decrease in sales volumes to China compared to the third quarter as we flex logs to domestic customers. Our average sales realizations are expected to increase slightly. In the South, we expect stable sawlog demand in the fourth quarter as mills increase operating rates in response to the recent improvement in lumber pricing. Regarding fiber logs, supply and demand were relatively balanced at the outset of the fourth quarter. That said, we could see an increase in regional supply as logging capacity shifts to fiber salvage activity following Hurricane Helene. As Devin mentioned, although our timberland sustained minimal damage from the tropical weather systems in the third quarter, wet conditions limited our operating activities in certain geographies. As a result, we now expect our full-year fee harvest volumes in the south to be slightly lower than 2023, and we plan to make these volumes up over the next several quarters. On that note, we anticipate slightly higher fee harvest volumes in the fourth quarter. Our forestry and road costs are also expected to increase as some of this activity shifted from the third quarter. Our average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the third quarter and per unit log and haul costs are expected to increase slightly. In the North, our fee harvest volumes are expected to be moderately higher compared to the third quarter, and our sales realizations are expected to be slightly higher due to mix. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources Segment. Real estate markets have remained solid year-to-date, and we have capitalized on steady demand and pricing for HBU properties. As a result, we are increasing our guidance for full-year 2024 adjusted EBITDA to approximately $340 million an increase of $10 million from our prior guidance and a $20 million increase from our initial outlook for the segment. We now expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be 40% to 45% for the year, and we remain on-track for a sizable increase in contributions from our Natural Climate Solutions business as we continue to advance toward our $100 million EBITDA target by year-end 2025. For the fourth quarter, we expect earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $10 million lower compared to the third quarter due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. For our Wood Products segment, we expect fourth quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher compared to the third quarter, excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB. Benchmark prices for lumber entered the fourth quarter on an upward trajectory as supply and demand have approached a more balanced state. For OSB, benchmark prices were stable for the entire third quarter, but have increased into October. As shown on Page 20, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber are moderately higher than the third quarter average. For OSB, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations are slightly lower than the third quarter average, largely due to the length of our order files, which result in a lag effect for OSB realizations. For our lumber business, as Devin mentioned, we plan to return to a more normal operating posture in the fourth quarter. As a result, we anticipate higher sales volumes and lower unit manufacturing costs. Our log costs are expected to be slightly lower than the third quarter. For our OSB business, we expect moderately higher sales volumes and moderately lower unit manufacturing costs compared to the third quarter, given less downtime for planned annual maintenance. Our fiber costs are expected to be slightly higher. In our Engineered Wood Products business, we continue to anticipate close alignment between product demand and single-family homebuilding activity. And as Devin mentioned, we expect a slightly softer housing environment in the fourth quarter given seasonal dynamics over the winter months. As a result, we anticipate lower sales volumes and realizations compared to the third quarter, and raw material costs are expected to decrease. For our Distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be slightly lower compared to the third quarter, largely driven by seasonally lower sales volumes. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Devin, and look forward to your questions.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I’ll make a few brief comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets, starting with housing. On balance, our macro view on the housing market is largely unchanged. Despite softer than expected activity in July, the single-family homebuilding segment has held up reasonably well this year and continues to be supported by healthy underlying demand for housing, limited inventory of existing homes on the market and actions taken by the larger public homebuilders to offset affordability challenges. In contrast, the multi-family segment remains challenged given excess supply and the impact of higher interest rates on new projects, and we expect this dynamic to remain in place into 2025. In the near-term, we expect single-family construction activity to follow a typical seasonal pattern through the winter months. And assuming the macro environment and consumer sentiment remain healthy, we’d expect a stronger single-family building activity in 2025 compared to this year. That said, although mortgage rates have come down from recent highs, the housing market could face some near-term choppiness as certain buyers remain on the sidelines in anticipation of lower mortgage rates and improving affordability. Regardless, our longer-term view on housing fundamentals continues to be favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly under-built housing stock. Turning to the repair and remodel market. While activity was generally stable in the third quarter, repair and remodel demand has been softer this year compared to the last several years, largely driven by cautious consumer sentiment in response to inflationary pressures and fewer existing home sales in an elevated rate environment. In general, the Pro segment has outperformed the Do-It-Yourself segment in 2024. As we enter the fourth quarter, we’re encouraged by a recent uptick in demand from our home improvement Weyerhaeuser customers and from the treater segment. While we do expect a seasonal moderation in repair and remodel activity around the holidays, we’re optimistic that demand will recover as interest rates move lower and consumer sentiment improves. And longer-term, many of the key drivers supporting solid repair and remodel activity remain intact, including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock. So in closing, despite a challenging third quarter, we continue to execute against our strategy and demonstrate the resilience of our people and our portfolio. Our financial position is strong and our capital allocation framework is both sustainable and appropriate for the cash flows that we generate across market cycles. Looking forward, we remain focused on achieving our multi-year growth targets, delivering peer leading performance, serving our customers and driving long-term value for our shareholders. And finally, we are encouraged by recent improvements in the lumber market, and we’re optimistic that we’re going to see a stronger demand environment for our products in 2025. So with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Good morning, everyone.
Devin W. Stockfish: Good morning.
David M. Wold: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is on lumber and focusing in on the improving supply demand dynamics that you talked to in your comments. Can you just give us some more color on how you’re seeing that building as we think about not just the fourth quarter but then going into 2025? And, how are you thinking about the ability for yourselves and for the industry in general to respond if we do see that demand recovery coming through over the next couple of quarters? How quickly do you think you’ll ramp production and what will that look like across the next several quarters?
Devin W. Stockfish: Sure. Good question, Sue. I mean, when we look at what’s happening in the lumber market right now, it’s really a combination of two things. There’s a supply dynamic and there is a demand dynamic. I think on the supply side, obviously, this year, we’ve seen a fairly significant amount of capacity come out of the system. Much of that, maybe 3.5 billion board feet or somewhere in that realm, that’s coming out either permanently or indefinite curtailments, which suggests it’s not coming back in the near-term. There’s also been a lot of softer supply reductions in terms of people dialing back production within their existing mill set. So, a fairly significant amount of supply has come out of the system. It usually takes a little while from the time an announcement is made until the time that the lumber starts shipping from that mill. And, I think we’re starting to really see the impacts from some of those closures. So, that’s a component and that comes on top of by the way some mill closures that we saw last year in 2023. So, it’s been a pretty significant period of reduction in capacity. On the demand side, as we mentioned, single-family housing is holding up reasonably well. We expect that to continue. We’re encouraged that we’re seeing some pickup in demand from the R&R side. We’re seeing treater buying activity picking up and even a little increased activity from the big box stores. So, that’s positive. As we roll into 2025, our expectation is that we’re going to see a better housing environment, particularly on the single-family side, and we expect R&R to pick up as well. And, the challenge there from an industry standpoint is, there’s a little bit of latent capacity in terms of maybe people could operate at a slightly higher operating rate. But, all of that capacity that’s come out of the system is really not going to come back, I think, in the near-term, if at all. So, if you get a meaningful uptick in demand, I think that puts some upward pressure on pricing as we roll into the spring building season next year.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That’s very helpful color. And, then maybe focusing on the other side of that which is the cost piece of it, can you talk a little bit about the OpEx has obviously been very effective here. How are you seeing that coming through over the course of 2025, the opportunities there and what that could mean for your margins as things do tighten up?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, clearly, the last few years have been challenging with the inflationary pressures that we’ve seen and that’s not unique to us by the way. That’s pretty much every industry. So, that’s been a headwind, no question. I think we’re going to continue to stay focused on cost as we always do. We’ve got a lot of initiatives underway, whether it’s reliability, whether it’s automation, whether it’s just pulling controllable costs out of the system. That’s something we’re working on every day, every week, every year. I think the big opportunity for us as we roll into next year, if we’re in a more normalized demand environment and we can ramp our production up to the capacity levels, get the higher operating rates, we get a lot of benefit to unit cost. And so, that could be a pretty significant tailwind for us next year in our production environment from an OpEx standpoint and a margin standpoint.
Susan Maklari: Thank you for the color and good luck with everything.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks, Sue.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Thanks for all the details.
Devin W. Stockfish: Good morning.
George Staphos: Hope you can hear me okay. Good morning, Devin.
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes, we can.
George Staphos: Perfect. First question and recognizing the color you gave on the fourth quarter for timberlands in the West and in particular export markets and there are no guarantees in life, we get it. But, what are your contacts in the field saying, what are your partners saying about the outlook for exports in the first half of ‘25? As we mix the macro, I don’t know if there’s any trade policy consideration we need to have, but what’s your view on western exports in particular first half?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. So, I’ll speak to Japan first. One of the dynamics that’s at play right now in Japan is, as we mentioned, there was a pretty significant amount of volume that came into Europe in Q3, and so that put some competitive pressures in that market. I do think a lot of that would at current pricing in Japan is probably margin negative. So, my expectation is you’re going to see some of that European flow into Japan dial back as we get into next year and work through some of the existing inventory. Our customers are very competitive, and I expect that they will go out and regain that market share. So, I think next year, as we think about the first half into Japan, that should be solid demand environment. There’s some correlation on the pricing side to what happens with western domestic log markets. Those things typically move in tandem.
George Staphos: Yes.
Devin W. Stockfish: But, our expectation is Japan should be fine as we move into next year. I think China is a little bit of a wildcard. I mean, there’s always demand from our customers for Pacific Northwest logs into China. And generally speaking, we have the ability to move more volume into China if we so desire. It’s usually just a question of what does the margin opportunity look like. And, I think there are some real unknowns as we head into next year. We’ve obviously seen fiscal policy in China try to spur the economy. They’re making some strides to try to, repair the real estate market in China. If that gets legs, you could see some upside there. And, there’s always the question about volume flowing in from New Zealand and Australia and some of these other supply regions. I will say, in China, one thing that I do expect to continue to be a tailwind is we’ve seen the volumes of logs coming in from Europe drop off dramatically as they work through that salvage volume. So, I don’t think it takes a whole lot of pickup in demand for us to see that China market improve. But, as I say, a lot of variables that go into that market.
George Staphos: Okay. Appreciate it. So, it sounds with that proviso, it sounds like it’s probably getting better from second half of the year.
Devin W. Stockfish: Into Japan, certainly.
George Staphos: I want to, okay. Thank you for that. For Wood, and this is up there with what have you done for me lately, right, in quotes and Weyerhaeuser has done a tremendous job on margins in the lumber business with OpEx with black at the bottom. It’s a question that comes up periodically. Will you be able to, if you hold the market constant, can you get to breakeven at EBITDA with whatever program you have in place for OpEx in 2025, recognizing it’s a very challenging market and the like, or if there’s no improvement, hopefully there will be, but assuming there’s no improvement, do we need to resign ourselves to moderate, modest EBITDA losses in lumber, for the foreseeable future? How would you have us think about that?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I’m certainly a lot more optimistic about 2025 for a couple of reasons. First of all, I do think the demand environment is going to pick up. So, that’s our house view. But, putting that aside, when you look at our lumber portfolio, we are well-positioned on the cost curve, notwithstanding that this has been one of the most challenging lumber markets we’ve seen in a very long time. On an inflation adjusted basis, these lumber prices are kind of great recession type dynamic.
George Staphos: Right.
Devin W. Stockfish: And certainly, we’re not pleased. We’re not satisfied with losing money in lumber. We’ve got a whole lot of work in place to make sure that we continue to take cost out of the system, and we’re doing that. But, what I would say is, it’s just not sustainable as an industry to have everybody cash flow negative across the market. And, so we’ve seen the result of that with a significant amount of capacity coming out of the system. You’ve seen that just even here very recently. That’s tightened things up. You’re seeing prices come up. So, over the long-term, we will make money in lumber. I think, again, we got to put this in context. The challenging market we’ve been in, it’s been difficult. But, I think brighter days are ahead and we will certainly navigate it better than most. And, I expect our businesses to make money and frankly earn a profit well above our cost of capital in all of our manufacturing businesses. So, that would be my expectations for 2025.
David M. Wold: Hey, George, and I’d just add --
George Staphos: Go ahead, Davie. Yes.
David M. Wold: George, I’d just add, this is Davie. At current lumber prices, we would expect to be EBITDA positive. Where prices have gone over the last.
George Staphos: Understood. And should we expect OSB kind of flat to up based on current prices and EWP to be down sequentially 3Q to 4Q? Thank you and I’ll turn it over.
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, obviously, we’ve seen a pickup in OSB prices here over the last few weeks. When you look at our earnings materials, that’s not fully reflected in quarter-to-date just because there’s a time lag with the length of our order files. But if you project that out over the course of the quarter and like I said, our order files have now pushed out little bit, further than normal for this time of year. So, I think directionally, that’s positive. We’re expecting more volume in OSB since we don’t have annual maintenance outages. So, I think directionally you’re right there, and similarly on EWP given our expectations around pricing and volume.
George Staphos: Thank you so much.
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: Great. Thanks and good morning everyone.
Devin W. Stockfish: Good morning.
Kurt Yinger: Devin, you touched a couple of times on kind of the improved demand in the South, specifically from the treaters. Does that improvement buck typical seasonal trends at this stage and maybe even seeing a positive inflection on a year-over-year basis? And I guess secondarily, do you think that’s an indication of better takeaway from the end consumer or perhaps an inventory positioning at what looks like attractive price levels?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, the historical buying patterns for the treaters, it wouldn’t be unusual for them to build a little inventory in Q4 if they saw prices hit a point where they thought that could be advantageous. Over the last several years, I would say buying patterns from treaters has been a little different than prior history. And so they’ve been more opportunistic throughout the year. In terms of is this building inventory for next year or a pickup in customer demand? I suspect it’s probably a little bit of both. I do think that we’ve just because we’ve seen that in a couple of different channels, I think we’re seeing a little bit of a pickup in R&R activity right now, and so I think that’s a component as well. It’s hard to say exactly how much of one versus the other, but I think it’s a little of both.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And moving to EWP, a lot of discussion in the past couple of years around shifts in floor systems, I-Joist versus open web trust. Part of that certainly seemed to stem from availability. But if I look at I-Joist volumes this year, it looks like they’re going to be down about 25% from peak. Starts will be down maybe mid-teens percentage. Curious how you would reconcile that difference and how you think about EWP demand relative to starts going forward and the potential for maybe some share recapture.
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think you’re exactly right. During the peak of the pandemic years, the availability of I-Joists and engineered wood products in general was pretty stretched. And so builders had to switch over to whatever products that they could find to keep building homes. My expectation is that, ultimately, we will be able to recapture most of that market from open web. The challenge at present just has been that lumber prices have been so low. That’s been a little bit more difficult in today’s pricing environment. I do think as pricing for lumber hits a more normalized level, that will be a little easier to recapture share and certainly that’s our expectation over time.
Kurt Yinger: Okay. And then just one more quick one on capital returns. Year-to-date base dividends and share repurchases have outpaced FAD and I’m curious how that factors into the thought process or potential for a supplemental dividend in Q1 and how important having at least some level of supplemental dividend is kind of within that variable returns framework that you have.
David M. Wold: Yes. You bet, Kurt. I mean, I’d just say we’ve still got some time left in the year to see how commodity pricing plays out. As we’ve mentioned, pricing has ticked up here over the past several weeks, particularly Southern Alpine. So, at this point, I’d expect we’ll be in the ballpark of covering the base dividend with adjusted FAD even if that pricing momentum doesn’t continue. And so, yeah, it’s possible that we wouldn’t have a substantial amount under our framework above and beyond that, but there’s nothing in our framework that would preclude us from doing a supplemental dividend above and beyond that $75 million to $80 million or even thinking about share repurchase above and beyond that $75 million to $80 million as we’ve talked about in the past. But regardless of all that, I’d point out that despite the challenging markets, this is exactly the type of year we had in mind when we designed this framework. We’ve been able to be active in share repurchase. We’ve been able to continue to invest in the growth of our business, both through the Timberland acquisitions, organic CapEx. We’ve increased the base dividend, and ultimately, all of those things are going to leave us very well positioned when markets inevitably improve. So really, to us, it just demonstrates the power of our flexible cash return framework in action and allows us to allocate our cash in the way that creates the most value for shareholders over time.
Kurt Yinger: Right. Okay. Makes sense. Appreciate the color, guys. Thank you.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Devin W. Stockfish: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on George’s question on Timberlands. Looking at the outlook for 4Q suggests ‘24 might end up being kind of one of the lowest EBITDA years for Timberlands since Plum Creek merger. And I’m just wondering, you talked about kind of potential improvement drivers next year in the West and export markets. I’m just wondering if you could talk about what you’re seeing potentially driving improvement in the U.S. south?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, so as we think about the Timberlands business as a whole, it’s really mostly a function of what’s happened with Western log prices. And it’s a really challenging market to drive log prices up even in a tension wood basket when lumber prices are at the levels that they’ve been most of this year. So, I would just say as an outset Timberlands as a whole, as lumber prices on the West Coast improve, which we believe they will and they have to some extent already, you’ll see log prices follow that. In the south, we’ve had a little less volume this year than we had expected. That’s largely a function of some weather events. The thing about Timberlands volume is if you don’t get it now, you will always get it later, and so we’ll roll that volume into future quarters. We do think that over time in a more normalized environment, many of those markets that have seen additional capacity come in will get some pricing pressure, and we’ve seen that over the years as the new capacities rolled into the south. We’re continuing to look for export opportunities, out of the US south that should help tension some of those markets as well. So, we’re going to continue working at that, and, ultimately, we think over the long-term, you’ll see price improvement in the south. Obviously, that’s been slow to come. But as a Timberlands business more holistically, I think as you see lumber prices in the west pick up, you’re going to see log prices in the west return to a more normalized level, which has a pretty meaningful impact on our overall earnings, in the Timberland segment.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. And then for the hurricanes, and I’m sorry if I missed this, but is there sort of an all in estimate on the impact of the hurricanes in terms of tons or EBITDA or however you’d kind of measure it? And then just piggybacking on that, when you see the kind of these hurricanes typically, is demand for lumber or OSB or EWP, is it sort of destroyed, deferred, or maybe some incremental demand is created? Just how you kind of characterize the impact?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, so first and foremost, we were very fortunate because the path of the hurricane really travelled in between a lot of our timberlands. So, we didn’t really have any meaningful impact in terms of damage to our timberlands. So, the real impact was we weren’t able to move as much volume in the south as we had planned. And so call it maybe 1%, 2% in terms of volume impact in the quarter, in the south. Much of that, frankly, was on the fiber side, so not as much of a margin impact as if it was impacting grade. The impact on overall market dynamics, it really it depends on the specific storm, right? Because as it moves through, it’s going to have some impact on mill operations. So, on the demand side, it typically hurts. And obviously, people are not out building houses during the storm and have to work through some of the wet weather there. Now the flip side of that is you also oftentimes see a pickup in wood demand as the reconstruction happens. And so it really just depends. There are puts and takes on both the demand and the supply side. I think in this one, at least for us, it didn’t have a meaningful impact on the markets. You’ll see in certain geographies, you’ll see a little bit of excess fiber flowing into the market as people that did have damage to their timberlands go out and start that salvage activity. That usually hits the fiber markets a little bit heavier than the grade markets. So we may see a little bit of that in Q4, but I’m not sure that’s going to be material on the whole to us.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Since we’ve covered a lot on wood products and timber, I thought I’d ask some NCS questions. Maybe starting with can you give us a sense of how much acreage are tied to the three solar development projects that are under construction?
Devin W. Stockfish: Mark, I don’t have that at the tip of my fingers. I mean, the total acreage covered by our solar agreements is about 130,000 acres. I don’t have the specifics on these individual projects at my fingertips, but we can follow-up with you if you need to.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And I really was trying to get to what type of economics might be forthcoming with the projects under development. I don’t know if that’s something you can speak to off the cuff.
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I’ll tell you, we’re intentionally not getting into the economics of these projects, Mark. And the reason is we’re out signing up new deals every day and we’re always trying to improve the economics for new deals. And so we’re trying to be pretty thoughtful about how much specific information we give on these projects. I mean, I think overall, if you kind of step back, we had in the neighborhood of $10 million of EBITDA coming from our renewables program and that was primarily just the lease payments as people assess these deals and the wind projects. We’ve got two new wind projects coming online next year. We’ve got three solar projects that will be online over the next, call it one of them will be online here shortly and the other two in the next six to nine months with a whole wave behind that. So, I mean, on balance, it’s going to pick up over time and it will become a more material component of our overall NCS business.
Mark Weintraub: Right. And any color you can give us on maybe the number of contracts that or options that are expiring in 2025? And does that heighten the possibility that those start moving forward or is that not necessarily the way to think about in solar specifically?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, in solar, typically, you’ll have a few that expire every year and we replace those in the pipeline. So, what you’ve seen is really over the last several years, the number of new agreements that we’re signing and putting in the pipeline far exceeds the numbers that are expiring. And so right now, we’re somewhere in the neighbourhood of 70. You’ll see a few roll off, but we’ve got a whole bunch of them in the pipeline for new agreements. So, I would expect that number to increase over time. Just a lot of demand, a lot of activity on the solar side.
Mark Weintraub: Right. So, it sounds like though that the hit ratio recognizing you are refilling isn’t necessarily super high yet in terms of people actually moving forward as the projects are expiring.
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I wouldn’t necessarily characterize it in that way just because these projects typically take four to five years from the time you sign up an agreement to the time that it ultimately comes to fruition. The industry conversion rates are somewhere around 35% in that general vicinity. I think we’re going to be meaningfully higher than that. But certainly, not every agreement that you sign up will result in a solar project coming to fruition, but I think we will be on the high end because we’re choosing to coordinate with partners that have a higher success rate and are a little bigger and more sophisticated in general.
Mark Weintraub: That’s helpful color. And then lastly just on CCS, any progress on permits, any update on the timeframe for how that might be moving forward?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I’d say broadly speaking with the carbon capture and sequestration, the timelines on these are just they’re shockingly slow. And frankly, the permitting process is just taking a lot longer than anyone had initially expected. So, as we think about how this is progressing, I’m thinking at this point, we’re probably looking now at delays between one to two years versus what we had previously thought. Where we had originally anticipated seeing injections in ‘25 or ‘26, that’s probably going to be pushed out a bit. We really need to get permitting reform, in place to get these projects through the pipeline more quickly. But it is going much slower than we expected. That being said, still think the opportunity set there is fairly large, and ultimately still have a lot of confidence that these things ultimately come to fruition, but just the timeline is extended relative to where we had initially thought they would be.
David M. Wold: And Mark, I’d just add more broadly speaking across these NCS spaces. I mean, while we have had some expanded time frames in some circumstances, we’re really pleased with the overall progress we’re making towards that $100 million target by the end of 2025, continuing to work towards that. We may see a little bit more in some of the legacy businesses like mitigation banking and conservation, but really pleased with the longer term trends here in this space.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And you’ve mentioned you got approval on the two additional forest carbon projects. Anything else that sort of we should be thinking about in terms of the details in NCF that are meaningful and impactful?
David M. Wold: Yes. I would just say on the forest carbon specifically, I’m really encouraged by the trajectory that we’re seeing there. The demand for these projects, the high quality projects in particular, is really seeing a meaningful uptick. And so we’ve got projects, the three projects, the Maine and the two in the south that should have approval here shortly. We’ve got three or four that are in the pipeline behind that and then a whole bunch more that are in the earlier stages of development. So, we’re building out a nice pipeline. It’s important to remember that obviously with each of these projects, there will be an incremental issuance year after year. So, like the solar, like the wind, they build. And I think the pricing that we’re expecting should be pretty solid. And we’re seeing a good level of demand from some high quality customer. So, we’re feeling pretty good. And I think next year, you’ll see a pretty meaningful uptick in the forest carbon revenues and EBITDA that we’ll be generating.
Mark Weintraub: Great. And obviously, it’s got magnificent cash conversion, so that’s all good too. Thanks so much.
Devin W. Stockfish: That’s right.
David M. Wold: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew McKellar from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew McKellar: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, what role do you think European lumber imports play if we see an uptick in lumber demand and pricing in 2025, particularly if European demand remains soft?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think that’s always a variable you have to take into consideration. We’ve seen that come down pretty meaningfully here over the last, call it, 18 months. That’s largely, I think, a function just of the pricing dynamic that we’ve seen in the U.S. If you have continued softness in Europe, to the extent that there’s a meaningful margin to be achieved, that could see an uptick in European supply. The one thing though I would say is, if you look at Europe as a whole, there are a couple of dynamics that will remain in play. First of which is you’re certainly not going to see that Russian lumber coming into Europe in the near-term. So, there’s a component of supply that’s just going to be gone for the foreseeable future. And then the other dynamic is with all of the salvage activity, from the beetle infestation in Central Europe, I mean, that salvage wood is really dialing back pretty significantly. So, it’s not as though they’re going to have really, really cheap fiber to convert and send over here. So even in an improved pricing environment in the U.S., I’m not sure you’re necessarily going to see the magnitude of European volume coming into the U.S. that maybe we saw during the pandemic years. But around the margins, it’s certainly possible you could see a pickup there, and we’ll see if that’s offset by lower volumes coming in from Canada given the duty situation.
Matthew McKellar: Thanks. That’s helpful. And then just last for me. Are you seeing a potential longer term revenue stream opportunity related to lithium mining as it relates to your land in the U.S. South, maybe around Texas, Arkansas, maybe Louisiana in particular? And if so, how would you just think have us think about the potential size and timeline of those opportunities?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think at this point, the timing and magnitude, it’s a little early to quantify that. But if you look at where those big lithium deposits are and you overlay that against our land base, I think you can see there’s some pretty significant overlap. So, we do think that is an opportunity, and I can say we’ve had some conversations around that, but beyond that probably not much else that I think we should share at this point.
Matthew McKellar: Okay, fair enough. That’s all for me. Thank you.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ketan Mamtora from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ketan Mamtora: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Devin, maybe to start with on the engineered wood side, can you just help me understand a little better in terms of just the sequential pressure in the engineered wood business? Given that prices were sort of flat quarter over quarter and I would imagine some modest benefit on the cost side from lower OSB prices, what are the two or three key challenges in the quarter?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, it’s really volume. I mean, if you sort of just at a very high level, we rolled into the quarter with certain expectations around what was going to happen in the summer building. So, I would say inventories were maybe a little bit above normal, not significant, but a little bit above normal. And then you saw a July housing market that was pretty weak. And so we dialed back our production. We have a general philosophy that if there’s not a market for the wood, you want to be really thoughtful about keeping production levels up and building up significant inventories because you’re going to have to move that, which typically comes at a price. So, we were thoughtful to matching our production to the demand environment. And obviously, housing picked up as the quarter went on. But as you look about look at the quarter-over-quarter impact, it was primarily related to just we lowered our production volume 19% in solid section, 25% in I-Joists over the quarter, which obviously comes with some lost volume, but you also have with the lower volume, you have higher unit cost because you’re spreading your fixed cost across a lower volume. And so really it comes down to just we produce less volume, given the dynamic in the market. Now as that picks up, we can ramp up production fairly easily to match the demand environment. Obviously, at this point in the year, typically, you see a little bit of a slowdown in building activity as you get into the colder months, and so we’re mindful of that. But as we think about 2025 and what we think is going to happen with housing in the spring building season, I would fully expect that business to be back on track and reflect kind of what you’ve seen in prior years.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. That’s helpful, Devin. And then so very quickly, what were your operating rates in EWP, lumber and OSB in Q3?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. So in lumber, you were talking somewhere in the mid to high 70s, in OSB, high 80s, in EWP, kind of mid-60s.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. Okay. And then just one last one for me. Devin, anything going on, in terms of log exports out of U.S. south at this point? Is anything happening on that front?
Devin W. Stockfish: It is. Yes. As a matter of fact, we’re excited about some of the opportunities. I mean, it’s still, for context, relatively small compared to the overall harvest volumes. But the silver lining with what’s happened with China, and obviously, we would like that China market to open up again at some point, But the silver lining with the challenges that we’ve seen there is it’s given us the time and latitude to really focus on some other market opportunities. And so we’ve been growing our export business into India. I think there is a lot more demand for our logs in India than we’re able to ship currently. And so we’re looking at building out additional export facilities in the U.S. south to serve that market. We are growing our volumes into Vietnam. We’ve come across some really interesting customers there that value the high quality logs that we can send out of the south, so we’re looking at that as well. And I think there are a host of other opportunities in Turkey and Pakistan and some other markets as well. And so, that’s a focus area for us. And certainly, at some point, we still believe that the China opportunity will come back. And so, we’re focused on that. It’s something I think with our supply chain expertise and our low cost business. It’s a market that we can serve from our U.S. holdings in the south, and so we’re pretty excited about how that’s going to grow over time.
Ketan Mamtora: That’s very helpful. Thank you, Devin. I’ll turn it over. Good luck.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is [Nick Capucini] (ph) on for Mike. Thanks for taking my questions. Really just one follow-up to that EWP operating rate question. I thought I heard mid-60s. I guess just going forward in 4Q in light of seasonally lower demand and maybe matching your production to that demand, do you expect that to stay the same or seasonally maybe to go lower? And then before we enter the spring season next year, is that kind of the rate we’re looking at? Could it maybe uptick in 1Q? Thanks.
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think as we think about Q4, it’s going to be up slightly. But as we think about the posture as we roll into next year, I think that would be more typical of what you see for us in Q1 normally. So, and to some extent, you’re going to see in normal years, you’re going to see the Q4 volumes come down just a little bit given the dynamic at play and seasonality, but I would expect that to ramp back up in Q1 for our normal operating posture.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. I think and then just that normal operating in 1Q, like 70s? Or what are we thinking?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yes. I mean, in EWP, I think ordinarily, you’d see high 70s, low 80s would be a good way to think about that under normal conditions.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. I will turn it over.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin W. Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, thanks everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor, you may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2024 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our earnings release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and David Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter GAAP earnings of $173 million or $0.24 per diluted share on net sales of $1.9 billion. Excluding a special item, we earned $154 million or $0.21 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $410 million, a 16% increase over the first quarter. In these are solid results, and I'd like to thank our teams for their continued focus and operational performances. Through their efforts, adjusted EBITDA improved across each of our business segments compared to the prior quarter, a notable achievement in light of numerous market-related challenges, particularly in the lumber market. Before getting into the businesses, I'd like to comment briefly on an exciting growth opportunity within our Southern Timberlands portfolio. As we announced yesterday, we are acquiring approximately 84,000 acres of high-quality timberlands in Alabama for $244 million. The collective acreage was sourced through multiple transactions, one of which closed in the second quarter for $48 million. The remaining transactions are under contract and expected to close later this year subject to customary closing conditions. These acquisitions represent an attractive opportunity to expand our footprint in one of the strongest inland sawlog and fiber markets in the U.S. These are highly productive and mature timberlands strategically positioned to demonstrate immediate synergies with existing Weyerhaeuser operations. In addition, they're expected to generate portfolio leading cash flow and harvest tons per acre within our Southern Timberlands business. As highlighted on Page 18 of our earnings slides, we've demonstrated meaningful progress toward our multiyear Timberlands growth target. Including these transactions, we will have completed approximately $775 million against our target and are on track to reach $1 billion of strategic timberlands acquisitions by the end of 2025. Turning now to our second quarter business results. I'll begin with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $81 million to second quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $147 million, a slight improvement compared to the first quarter, largely driven by increased sales volumes out of the West. Starting with the Western domestic market, Log prices faced downward pressure in the second quarter as mills carried elevated log inventories and continue to navigate a softening lumber market. In addition, log supply was ample given the seasonal improvement in weather conditions and recent mill curtailments reduced log takeaway in the region. As a result of these dynamics, our average domestic sales realizations decreased slightly compared to the first quarter. Given favorable operating conditions, our fee harvest volumes were moderately higher, and domestic sales volumes improved as demand for our logs remained stable despite softer end markets. Per unit log and haul costs increased and forestry and road costs were slightly higher. Moving to our Western export business. Log markets in Japan were stable in the second quarter, and demand for our logs was steady. Suppliers of European lumber into Japan continue to face shipping and cost headwinds, which has provided our customers an opportunity to pick up market share. For the second quarter, our average sales realizations for export volumes to Japan increased slightly. Sales volumes increased significantly, partially due to the timing of vessels. In China, log consumption increased modestly following the Lunar New Year holiday and log inventories at the ports declined steadily in the second quarter. That said, log takeaway waned as the quarter progressed. On balance, log demand was solid from our strategic customers in the region, and we significantly increased our sales volumes into China during the second quarter. Our average sales realizations were slightly lower compared to the first quarter. Turning to the South. Adjusted EBITDA for Southern Timberlands was comparable to the first quarter. Southern sawlog markets moderated in the second quarter, largely in response to elevated mill inventories, a seasonal increase in log supply and reduced consumption as mills adjusted to lower pricing and takeaway of lumber. In contrast, Southern Fiber markets were generally stable as supply and demand returned to a more normalized state. On balance, takeaway for our logs remained steady given our delivered programs across the region. As a result, our average sales realizations were comparable to the first quarter. Our fee harvest volumes and forestry and road costs were seasonally higher and per unit log in haul costs were comparable. In the North, adjusted EBITDA decreased slightly compared to the first quarter due to significantly lower sales volumes associated with seasonal spring breakup conditions. Turning now to real estate, energy and natural resources on Pages 10 and 11. Real estate and ENR contributed $59 million to second quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $102 million, an $8 million increase compared to the first quarter, partially driven by higher royalty income from construction materials within our Energy and Natural Resources business. In our real estate business, we continue to benefit from solid demand for HBU properties, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. That said, our average price per acre declined sequentially due to the mix of acres sold in the quarter. I'll now make a few brief comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business. We continue to see strong demand for large-scale solar development and signed additional agreements in the second quarter. In total, we now have over 70 agreements for potential solar projects, covering more than 130,000 acres across the U.S. South. Turning to Forest Carbon. We are advancing several projects through the development pipeline and expect to have 2 new projects in the U.S. South approved later this year. These projects, in combination with our main pilot project are expected to generate over 100,000 credits in 2024. Looking forward, we're encouraged by the growing support for the voluntary carbon markets and are uniquely positioned to capitalize on increasing demand for high-quality credits. Moving to Wood Products on Pages 12 through 14. Excluding a special item, Wood Products contributed $171 million to second quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $225 million, a 22% improvement over the first quarter, largely driven by an increase in OSB pricing as well as higher sales volumes and lower costs in lumber and EWP. Starting with lumber. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was an $8 million loss with soft pricing as the primary headwind. Average benchmark pricing for lumber decreased by 5% compared to the first quarter. Despite solid single-family housing starts thus far in 2024, and other end markets for lumber, particularly the repair and remodel and multifamily housing segments have been more muted recently. As a result, lumber supply continued to outpace demand and buyer sentiment remained cautious in the second quarter. Although this dynamic is being felt across the North American lumber market, it's been more acute in Southern Yellow Pine given softness in treater and multifamily demand, which are proportionately larger markets in the South compared to other regions. For the lumber business, our average sales realizations decreased by 2% in the second quarter. Our sales volumes were moderately higher, partially due to increased production following winter weather disruptions in the first quarter. Unit manufacturing costs and log costs were both lower in the second quarter. Before moving to OSB, I'll make a few comments on our recent decision to indefinitely curtail operations at our sawmill in New Bern, North Carolina. These are always difficult decisions given the impact on employees, their families and the local community. So we did not take this decision lightly. New Bern is the smallest mill in our portfolio at 100 million board feet of capacity. Unlike other facilities across our mill set for a variety of reasons, we haven't invested meaningful capital in New Bern. So its cost structure was relatively challenged, making it very difficult in the current pricing environment. Given these variables, along with New Bern's limited integration with our fee timberlands, we didn't see a clear path to achieving sufficient financial results to keep the mill running. As a result, we've commenced an orderly wind down of operations and expect the mill to be fully curtailed in the third quarter. I do want to thank our New Bern team for their contributions to the company as well as the local community for their support over the years. We're working to minimize the impact of the curtailment by providing employment opportunities in other parts of our operations or transition services to affected employees. As for the remainder of our mill set, we are very focused on running efficiently and controlling costs. Given our deeply ingrained OpEx culture and relative position on the cost curve, we firmly believe that we're better positioned to operate through the commodity cycle than most of the industry. Nevertheless, in light of current market conditions, we expect to reduce our lumber production by 5% to 10% in the third quarter. This will take place across our mill set and is inclusive of the new burn curtailment. And looking forward, we will continue to assess our performance, customer commitments and broader portfolio integration as we evaluate the need to further optimize our lumber operations. So now turning to OSP. Adjusted EBITDA [indiscernible] compared to the first quarter, primarily due to higher average sales realizations. Benchmark pricing for OSB began the quarter at elevated levels, but moved significantly lower as the quarter progressed largely in response to the softer-than-expected demand during the spring building season and elevated channel inventories. Pricing stabilized by quarter end and has remained steady into July. Notwithstanding this volatility, average OSB composite pricing was 6% higher compared to the first quarter, while our average realizations were 13% higher. This relative difference was largely due to the length of our order files, which results in a lag effect for OSB realizations. Our production and sales volumes and unit manufacturing costs were comparable to the first quarter and fiber costs improved slightly. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA increased by $6 million compared to the first quarter. Given solid single-family construction activity, VWP market experienced a slight seasonal improvement in demand at the outset of the second quarter before stabilizing into the summer months. As a result, our sales volumes were higher across all products in the second quarter, and sales realizations were comparable for most. Unit manufacturing costs improved sequentially and raw material costs moved lower for solid section products but higher for I-joist primarily related to OSB web stock. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $2 million compared to the first quarter as lower commodity margins offset higher sales volumes. With that, I'll turn the call over to David to discuss some financial items and our third quarter outlook.
David Wold: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I'll be covering key financial items and second quarter financial performance before moving into our third quarter outlook. I'll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 16. We ended the quarter with $1 billion of cash with approximately $200 million earmarked for the remainder of the Timberland acquisitions we announced yesterday. Our balance sheet, liquidity position and financial flexibility remain exceptionally strong, and we are well positioned to navigate a range of market conditions. In the second quarter, we generated $432 million of cash from operations and capital expenditures were $91 million. We returned $146 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend, which was increased in the first quarter by 5.3% to $0.20 per share. In addition, we returned $50 million to shareholders through share repurchase activity in the second quarter. These shares were repurchased at an average price of $29.96, and as of quarter end, we had completed approximately $850 million of repurchase under our $1 billion authorization. Looking forward, we'll continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. Second quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 15. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment increased by $6 million compared to the first quarter primarily attributable to changes in intersegment profit elimination and LIFO. The outlook items for the third quarter are presented on Page 19. In our Timberlands business, we expect third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $20 million to $30 million lower than the second quarter of 2024, largely driven by lower sales volumes and realizations in the West. For context, results for our Timberlands business are generally at their lowest level in the third quarter, given seasonal dynamics. Turning to our Western Timberland operations. We expect domestic log demand and pricing to face downward pressure in the third quarter as mills continue to carry elevated log inventories and navigate a challenging lumber market. As a result, our domestic sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower compared to the second quarter. Our fee harvest volumes will be slightly lower as we have made the seasonal transition into higher elevation operations, which generally have lower productivity. Forestry and road costs are expected to be seasonally higher in the third quarter and per unit log and haul costs are expected to be lower. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, we anticipate continued steady demand from our customers in the third quarter. As a result, our sales volumes are expected to be comparable to the second quarter. That said, we anticipate a moderate decrease in our average sales realizations given ongoing consumption headwinds in the Japanese log market and the effects of a strengthening yen against the dollar. In China, log demand is expected to moderate in the third quarter in response to lower consumption levels and an increase of log inventories at the ports. As a result, our sales volumes to China are expected to be lower compared to the second quarter, and our average sales realizations are expected to decrease slightly. In the South, we expect sawlog markets to moderate somewhat in the third quarter as log supply remains ample, and mills further adjust to lower pricing and takeaway of lumber. In contrast, Southern fiber markets are expected to remain stable with slight upside as the quarter progresses. On balance, takeaway for our logs is expected to remain steady given our delivered programs across the region. As a result, we expect our sales realizations will be comparable to the second quarter. Given favorable weather conditions in the third quarter, we anticipate our fee harvest volumes will be moderately higher. Per unit log and haul costs are expected to be comparable and forestry and road costs are expected to be seasonally higher. In the north, our fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly higher compared to the second quarter as we have fully transitioned from spring breakup conditions, and our sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower due to mix. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Real estate markets have remained solid year-to-date, and we have capitalized on steady demand and pricing for HBU properties. As a result, we are increasing our guidance for full year 2024 adjusted EBITDA to approximately $330 million, $10 million higher than prior guidance. We continue to expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be 35% to 45% for the year. And we remain on track for a year-over-year increase in contributions from our Natural Climate Solutions business as we continue to advance toward our 2025 target. For the third quarter, we expect earnings will be approximately $10 million lower and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $30 million lower than the second quarter due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. For our Wood Products segment, we expect third quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be lower compared to the second quarter, excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB. Benchmark prices for lumber and OSB have been fairly stable in July after decreasing for most of the second quarter. For lumber, buyers remain reluctant to build inventories and supply continues to outpace demand. For OSB, supply and demand are currently more balanced, yet buyer sentiment has turned more cautious as we've transitioned beyond the spring building season. As shown on Page 20, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber are moderately lower than the second quarter average. For OSB, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations are significantly lower than the second quarter average. For our lumber business, as Devin mentioned, we expect to reduce lumber production by 5% to 10% in the third quarter inclusive of the New Bern curtailment. As a result, we anticipate lower sales volumes and higher unit manufacturing costs compared to the second quarter. Our log costs are expected to be slightly lower. For our OSB business, we expect lower production volumes and moderately higher unit manufacturing costs due to the planned annual maintenance outages that are typical in the third quarter. However, we anticipate our sales volumes to be comparable. Our fiber costs are expected to be slightly higher in the third quarter, primarily in Canada. In our Engineered wood products business, we continue to see steady demand for our products given solid single-family construction activity. As a result, we expect our sales volumes to be comparable to the second quarter. We anticipate moderately lower sales realizations, primarily for plywood and MDF products. Raw material costs are expected to be lower in the third quarter, primarily for OSB web stock. For our distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be slightly lower compared to the second quarter due to a decrease in commodity realizations. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Starting with housing. Despite a softer-than-expected spring building season, our macro view on the housing market is largely unchanged from the last quarter. The single-family segment is holding up reasonably well, covering around 1 million units year-to-date, and notwithstanding elevated mortgage interest rates, single-family construction activity continues to be supported by healthy underlying demand for housing, a limited inventory of existing homes on the market and actions taken by the larger public homebuilders to offset affordability challenges. In contrast, the multifamily segment has been more challenged given the significant amount of new supply entering the market this year on top of elevated supply in 2023 and the impact of higher rates on new projects. Moving into the second half of 2024, we're still expecting solid single-family building activity with potential upside if mortgage rates come down as the year progresses. And that's consistent with what we're hearing from our homebuilding customers. In contrast, we expect multifamily to remain soft through year-end and into 2025. Longer term, our view on housing fundamentals continues to be favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbuilt housing stock. Turning to the repair and remodel market. Activity has been softer year-to-date, particularly in the do-it-yourself segment. However, the Professional segment is still holding up relatively well. To a certain extent, persistent inflationary pressures are weighing on consumer sentiment and spending. We're also seeing some near-term headwinds from fewer people buying and selling homes in the current environment. But as we think about the back half of 2024, we are expecting fairly steady repair and remodel activity, albeit at levels below the last several years and would expect demand to increase when interest rates move lower and consumer sentiment improves. And longer term, many of the key drivers supporting solid repair and remodel activity remain intact, including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock. So in closing, our teams delivered solid operating performance in the second quarter, and we continue to make meaningful progress on multiyear growth targets to enhance our timberlands portfolio and advance our Natural Climate Solutions business. Although near-term market conditions have moderated, we maintain a constructive longer-term outlook for the demand fundamentals that support growth in housing, repair and remodel and natural climate solutions. And with our unmatched portfolio of assets, our strong balance sheet and disciplined approach to capital allocation, we're well positioned to execute against our strategy and navigate a range of market conditions. We remain relentlessly focused on operational excellence and innovation and are committed to serving our customers and delivering superior long-term value for our shareholders. So with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: My first question is on Wood Products. You mentioned that you are taking that reduction in capacity in the third quarter. Can you talk a bit more about how you arrived at that 5% to 10% range, what would take us to the lower end of that versus the higher end of that range? And how do you think about positioning the operations just given the changes in the competitive landscape more broadly. We've been hearing smaller players have more staying power this cycle? And does that require you to take different actions than perhaps you would in the past. How do you think about positioning the business for the near term as well as the longer term? And I guess maybe what would you need to see to take more actions there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, maybe I'll answer your second question first and then get back to how we got to the 5% to 10%. As we look at the lumber business, and this is frankly true for all of our businesses. One of the things that we've really been focused on over the last several years is really aligning our businesses for the cyclical nature of our industry. And so what does that mean? Well, it means strengthening the balance sheet, which we've done a tremendous amount of work on that, very strong balance sheet. But it's really focused on making sure that your operations are low cost and can weather these dips that you see from time to time in these markets. And we've been really focused on that with all of the OpEx work that we've done. I think you can see that in our relative operating performance, industry-leading margins across all of our businesses. And we're very focused on that in good times and in more challenging times. In that way, you don't have to take as dramatic action when you see some of these more challenging markets like we're seeing in lumber. So that's what we're focused on all the time, whether lumber prices are high or low, because I think that's the way that you win in commodity markets. And as we see the market today, obviously, and particularly lumber, it's a little bit more challenged. With the pullback that we've seen on multifamily and repair and remodel, that's created an imbalance in supply and demand in the market. And so you're seeing that in the pricing environment. The 5% to 10%, that's really us looking out at the market. We're always looking to balance our supply with our customer demand. We look at the integrated nature of our model to see where -- where do we have opportunities to create value and where do we need to dial back a little bit. And so as we look into the third quarter, obviously, the New Bern mill had some unique situation there just because of the cost structure at that mill and the size. But outside of that, it's really just trying to balance the demand from our customers, maintaining the right inventory levels and really seeking to drive the most earnings that we can in this current environment. I will say, it's important to remember we're at a price right now that is essentially making most of the market underwater. That's not going to last forever. At some point, you are going to see more action taken, prices will come up and then we'll be back in a more sustainable place for lumber.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful, Devin. And then maybe turning to Timberlands. Obviously, you've got this nice deal that's coming together, part of it in the second quarter, the remaining piece in the back half of this year. As you continue to make those investments and you get closer to that $1 billion target by the end of next year, in Timberlands. How do you think about helping investors appreciate the inherent value in these deals? And the potential for the upside in returns that you can realize over time is these alternative opportunities come together and perhaps even relative to alternative uses of your cash, whether it's investing in organic growth or shareholder returns. Any thoughts around that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Maybe I'll take a crack, and Davie, you can come in if I miss anything here. First of all, I would just say we're really excited about these Alabama transactions. This is an opportunity to pick up some very high-quality Timberlands. As we mentioned, in the release. Really, when you look across the entirety of our Southern portfolio from a cash flow per acre standpoint, really it's going to be really at the top of our ownership. So really pleased to get that. As we think about demonstrating and highlighting the value of our underlying timberlands, I think you're -- you're going to look at a couple of different things. Number one, we're going to continue to get investors out into the timberlands. We did that last year. I think that was a good opportunity for people to see on the ground just the quality of the asset. I do think as we continue to get deeper into this natural climate solutions journey and you start to see some of the work that we've really been putting effort in over the last few years, this is going to start coming to fruition in the years to come. And I think that will be a great way to highlight some of this alternative value. And I'll just use solar as an example, that's been an area that's been particularly attractive. That's a nice healthy uplift over timberland values. And we've already got agreements signed up on over 130,000 acres. So we need that solar capacity to be installed and come to fruition and you're going to start seeing that cash flow hitting the P&L over time. And that will be a way that we can really demonstrate the uplift from all of this work on alternative values. But it's an important part of what we need to do to -- to really educate our investment community on the value opportunity within this portfolio.
David Wold: Yes. And I would just add to that, I think this really just demonstrates the beauty of our flexible cash return framework as we think about all the options that are available to us. We're continuing to, of course, provide our base dividend to investors, but we're also able to invest in our business, complete attractive share repurchase activity through the cycle when others may not be in a position to do so. So when markets inevitably improve, we'll be well positioned to take advantage of that position. So we can continue to evaluate all the options that are available to us and will ultimately allocate our capital in the way that creates the most value for shareholders.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: So I guess, first of all, with Timberlands and the outlook, it sounded like the larger amount of downward pressures coming from the West. If we think about the key export markets, China, Japan and domestic markets and then think about shipments and realizations or cost for that matter, within that grid, where would you have us think about where you're seeing the most cost for that sequential downtick in timber EBITDA?
Devin Stockfish: Are you talking on the cost side or the realization side, George?
George Staphos: Well, I'm talking about EBITDA, we're expecting EBITDA to decline. So if I think about your markets and realizations and costs were shipments, where is most of that pressure coming from, if you get my question.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I get you. It's mostly on the price side. And the dynamic that we have at play right now in the West, I mean, it continues to be a very tensioned market. And under most circumstances, you're going to see pretty strong log pricing in the West. And we've seen that over the years. The challenge that we have at the moment is with lumber prices where they are, we're just kind of bumping up against the ceiling where mills can still make money. And frankly, I think a lot of them are not currently. And so what that's doing is it's causing the mills to run at reduced postures across the West. And so that is really reducing the amount of takeaway. Now we're still moving the volume because we have a strong customer base, but our ability to raise prices in this environment is pretty challenged. And when you look at the Japan pricing, which is kind of second most important here, that typically tracks what's going on in the domestic market. You always get a premium to domestic prices. But those 2 are correlated. And so the ability to really raise prices in Japan is somewhat limited both by the domestic dynamic. But also, as Davie mentioned in his script, the challenges with the yen right now are making that a little bit -- a little bit tougher as well. So it's really on the price side as much as anything. That's what's going on with EBITDA in the West.
George Staphos: Thanks, Devin. Next question. If we think about lumber markets and we move to the south, and I forget the precise amount of board feet that was added in the industry over the last 5 years. If you had a figure that was top of mind, it would be helpful. What do you think right now, industry operating rates are within the south in lumber are recognizing it's tough to call, not a monolithic market. We're running 5 days, 7 days. But there a lot of capacity that was added in converting. That was the hope that would ultimately drive higher timber pricing over time. Right now, it doesn't look like lumber is being demanded at the rate that capacity came in. What do you think that imbalance is in the South right now in terms of lumber?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean there have been several billion board feet that have been added over the last several years. I would just note when you look at capacity across North America as a whole, it's been pretty stable over the last several years. But to your specific question around production, I think what we're seeing -- and again, it's hard to say for sure, but certainly, from our log customer standpoint, we're definitely seeing reduced production across the U.S. South. And by the way, that's true in the Northwest and this true in British Columbia, I believe, as well. Hard to dimension it just because we don't have that level of insight into our competitors' operating rates, but it's certainly down relative to where it would be in a normalized condition. I would say the 2 things from an overall supply-demand dynamic, I think, that are important to remember 2 in the South are number one, treated lumber is a pretty big market in the South for Southern Yellow Pine. That's probably been down mid- to high single digits this year from best we can tell and then multifamily just because there is a lot of multifamily activity that's been going on that uses Southern Yellow Pine, that obviously has been down quite a bit this year. So I think the combination of that incremental capacity coming in to the south as well as those 2 components being down has really put some pressure on Southern Yellow Pine. Now I will say just again, over time, what's going to happen is you're going to continue to see SPF coming out of the market. And you've seen a lot of rationalization over the last few years. And what's going on in the market today is Southern Yellow Pine is just kind of pushing into some of those markets that have historically been SPF, but that's going to take a little time to fully play out.
George Staphos: No, that's helpful. Last question for me, I'll turn it over. Recognizing you're not going to make changes on capital allocation based on a quarter or 2 you shouldn't. Where you sit here today, do you still feel comfortable about the dividend growth outlook that you've talked about over the years, the 5%? And how does the acquired Timberland now help you keep up that dividend growth? Or in total, allow more optionality in your capital allocation.
David Wold: Yes. Thanks, George. I mean obviously, the dividend is a Board decision, but the ability to increase that base dividend is supported by ongoing increases to our sustainable cash flow generation. So to your point, those timberland acquisitions we announced yesterday, the growth in the Natural Climate Solutions business, all of those things help support our ongoing cash flow generation. And so that's ultimately what's going to support that growth in the dividend over time. But I'd also point out, it's not just those things. We also have improvements we've made over time in our capital structure, debt paydown, refinancing, share repurchase, of course, helps contribute towards that, as does OpEx and innovation, the things that we're doing every single day to help make sure we have the right cost structure across our business. I'd say we've modeled a number of different scenarios and feel very confident in our ability to increase our base dividend even in challenging market conditions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amir Patel with CIBC Capital Markets.
Amir Patel: In your recent response, you highlighted the treated market down, I think you said mid- to high single digits. So in that R&R channel, do you have a sense as to how much maybe the DIY component is down because I think you mentioned that's faring worse than the broader market.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it's probably down in a similar range. As you know, it's hard to get really tight numbers in the repair and remodel market. So you kind of have to piece it together from our different customers and some other anecdotal. But that's kind of where we're thinking mid- to high single on the DIY side.
Amir Patel: Fair enough. Then are you able to share your operating rates in the quarter for the various Wood Products businesses?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So Q2 for lumber, we were kind of in the low 80% range for OSB, call it, mid-90s and for EWP, low 80s.
Amir Patel: That's helpful. And just the last question I had was for the latest timberland acquisitions in Alabama, I appreciate the disclosures there on the EBITDA you expect from timber sales, but would you see additional Natural Climate Solutions revenues of acreage you acquired?
David Wold: Yes. Of course, Amir. We -- it's pretty limited in terms of what we're underwriting today in terms of that upside over time. But as we've seen in the transactions that we've acquired in the Carolinas, and Mississippi and other spots over the last few years, we continue to see a lot more opportunities than we had originally anticipated as we bring those into our portfolio. And so certainly, that's true on the Natural Climate Solutions business, but it's also true as we think about the synergies that we identify in terms of putting them into our operating footprint and really just running those timberlands over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson.
Kurt Yinger: I just wanted to start off on Timberlands. I guess, given kind of the capital that you've deployed there and hopefully the fact that we're at kind of a bottom in terms of the lumber pricing cycle. How much confidence do you have that harvest contributions and cash flow can start to show some sustainable improvements over the next 2 to 3 years? And I guess, excluding price, what other levers do you think are going to be most important in driving that for Weyerhaeuser?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I'd say a couple of things, and I'm going to differentiate here between the West and the South. In the West right now, obviously, realizations are down relative to where they've been over the last several years. And a normalized lumber environment, I would expect higher log realizations in the West. So we still feel good about the overall dynamic for pricing in the West outside of these unique circumstances that we're in right now in the lumber market. So you should see a nice pickup in log realizations out of the west when things normalize. In the South, we have been adding timberlands here over the last several years as part of our $1 billion program, and you're going to start seeing that reflected in harvest volumes in the years to come. And so that's a component. We do think, again, outside of the situation that we're in today, where lumber markets are challenged. In those geographies where we've seen new capacity come in, we do expect to see log prices go up over time. We're also very focused, as we've talked about before, on growing our export business out of the U.S. South. And it's still a small component right now, but I'm pretty excited about some of the opportunities in India and Vietnam. And I think we're really looking to grow that over time, which is a component. And then again, just the Natural Climate Solutions piece, I think as you look out over the next 5, 10, 15 years, one of the things you're really going to see PAUSE is the alternative values that are inherent in a timber portfolio are going to start materializing in a much greater way. And whether that's solar, wind, carbon, carbon capture and storage, real estate development, mitigation banking conservation. There are a lot of different things that you can do on a land-based like ours. We've got a whole team that's really focused on identifying and capturing that value. We're still in the early stages, but you're going to really start to see that materialize in a more meaningful way in the years to come. And so that's -- when we look out into the future, obviously, we're going to continue to focus on having the lowest log and haul costs we do today, and we will, I think, in the future because we're super focused on it. I think we'll see some upside on log prices, but we're also very focused on creating alternative values off the land base. So that's what gives us confidence that this program to acquire timberlands is going to develop nicely and create a lot of value for our stakeholders over time.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay. And then in terms of EWP, I mean, it was pretty encouraging to see I-joist and solid section pricing hold firm. How would you kind of describe the competitive environment out there? And how would you sort of characterize pricing risk if we were to see single-family starts kind of sequentially soften a bit further, just given what we've seen in the last couple of months.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean as you say, this is a product line that's primarily focused on single family. And so that's -- that's held up reasonably well, and that's given us the ability to continue to move product and keep prices relatively steady. And that's our expectation by and large, for Q3 as well. Look, if single-family fell off dramatically, would we see some additional price pressure for EWP, of course. But that's not our base case. We think that single-family is going to hold up reasonably well. It's a competitive marketplace. We've got some solid competitors. They make a nice product as well. But I think the Trust Choice brand does carry a premium in the market. We do a lot in terms of customer support to make sure that we are taking care of our customers. We think in a unique way that provides us with a competitive advantage. And so I think we'll fare well regardless of what's going on in the market. But as long as single-family housing holds up I think we should be just fine from an EWP standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Congrats on a good quarter despite the backdrop. Devin, just one question on the weakness -- how much of the weakness that we're seeing in housing starts, do you think relates to regional and smaller builders who don't have the wherewithal of the larger builders to buy down rates or offer other incentives?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean I think that it's certainly a component. And there's no question, we have seen a bifurcated market with interest rates being where they are. The ability for the bigger builders to buy down rates is a meaningful competitive advantage in this market. So yes, I think that certainly impacted overall new home construction activity. However, I don't think it's 1 for 1 in terms of for every house that a small builder doesn't build it just doesn't get built because the big builders are just taking market share. And you can certainly see that over the last few years. Now the good news, I think, is as rates come down and as those smaller builders are again able to compete on a little bit more equal footing. I think that is another increment that can come back into the market.
Mike Roxland: Got you. Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then just on EWP. You mentioned the operating rate being the low 80s for 2Q. I think it was in the high 70s for 1Q, I think you had some mill reliability issues last quarter. Were those addressed in 2Q and where do you think the operating rate will be in EWP for 3Q? And just last in EWP, if trends continue the way they are in terms of single-family holding its own, when do you think an inflection point can be reached in EWP pricing? Could that be 3Q, it's late 3Q, 4Q? What do you think needs to get us over the hurdle to actually see prices inflect higher?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, in terms of operating rates, in Q1, it was -- there was a little bit of a reliability issue. Some of that was weather related. It was pretty minor in the grand scheme of things. Right now, we are operating at kind of that low 80%. That's more or less what we're expecting for Q3 as well. We can dial that up a little bit if markets improve, but we're really just trying to kind of keep that production in line with what we see as customer demand. So this is the rate we're going to be running at here until we see a meaningful pickup in activity. In terms of what's the inflection point, we're going to need to see a little bit more housing activity. If we can get up to 1.1 or north of that on the single-family side, I think -- it doesn't take a whole lot to see the EWP market tension up. So you don't need all that much more. But again, even in this current environment, we can, I think, do pretty well on the CWP business. It's important to remember, obviously, we've seen prices come down a little bit from the pandemic highs, but when you look at where EWP pricing is relative to history, it's still very strong.
Mike Roxland: Yes, I would agree with that. And good luck in the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets.
Ketan Mamtora: I want to start with lumber. And look, I mean, clearly, Weyerhaeuser has made a lot of progress towards it [indiscernible] at the bottom efforts. But EBITDA in the last three quarters has been kind of negative. So I'm just curious, as we look at sort of back half and to your comments around demand being on the software side, especially for R&R, I'm just curious why do you think a more decisive kind of action towards production curtailments is not warranted given the market backdrop?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, a couple of things. Good question. So a couple of things I'd note. First of all, when we talk about black at the bottom, it is important to note that our Wood Products segment as a whole certainly has been black at the bottom. But with respect to lumber specifically, no question. This has been a very challenging pricing environment. Recently, we've seen lumber prices at multiyear lows, and this has been a challenge for the lumber industry as a whole. I would say that's particularly true for our Northwest and British Columbia operations where even though we do have low-cost mills, the log costs have remained elevated relative to the lower lumber prices. But just a few things for context when we think about what's going on. So first, our mill set overall is positioned very well on the cost curve. And you can see that, I think, in our relative performance. even, obviously, we're not pleased with where EBITDA has been in lumber, but relative to the rest of the industry, I think we've demonstrated where we sit on the cost curve. Second, I think we can and should be black at the bottom, even at these prices in our southern operations and in Alberta. And I think, look, it's important to remember that pricing is not going to stay at levels where much of the industry is underwater forever. And so we're ultimately going to see a pickup in pricing for lumber, at which point, certainly, we'll be back in the bottom -- back in the black as a system. But in the interim, we're going to keep focusing on costs and OpEx and running our operations efficiencies to navigate efficiently to navigate the market dip and overcome some of these headwinds. In terms of our operating posture as we said, we're going to be down 5% to 10%. That's where we think just with our cost structure, our customer base, where we think that makes sense. And look, others will make the decisions based on their operations and their cost structure. But ultimately, you're not going to sit in a place where prices are below cash breakeven for most of the industry.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew McKellar with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew McKellar: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Paul, just a couple of good products. Maybe first, can you talk about your expectations for the U.S. The market for the rest of the year as far as new capacity coming on from a couple of your peers and ramping up as cautious buyer sentiment? And you noted, I think you all for all related somewhat elevated inventory levels.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of things on that. As we think about Q3 for us, we're expecting, you know, essentially comparable to Q2 from a volume standpoint, sales volume standpoint, from a realization standpoint, we'll see kind of how the quarter progresses, but things feel reasonably steady right now. When you look into Q4, as you mentioned, there is going to be some new capacity coming on. And so we'll see what that does to the market. It is important to remember when new capacity really comes on, it does take a while for them to get really fully into production. So the ramp-up period will take some time. I would also note PAUSE historically, Q3 and Q4 are times where much of the industry takes some of their annual maintenance downtime. So that may mitigate some of that new volume coming to market just from a Q4 standpoint, but overall, if we have more volume hitting the market unless demand picks up, that is going to put some downward pressure on pricing. Now the good news, at least from my standpoint, is our base case is that rates are going to come down at some point. And when you look pretty much everywhere in the U.S. and North America, there are housing shortages everywhere. And so it's really just -- and I can't tell you exactly what the mortgage rate needs to be to kind of unleash that level of building activity, but it's going to come at some point, at which point, I think the OSB market is going to need that extra supply. So we'll see there may be a moment in time where it gets a little out of balance. But over the longer term, I think OSB should be a pretty strong business.
Matthew McKellar: That's helpful. And then just switching over to lumber business. Can you talk about your expectations around the impact of softwood lumber duty cash deposit rates moving higher in August for the Canadian industry. Do you expect that pricing can be higher to offset some of that? Or do you have any expectations around capacity that could come out?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, obviously, we don't have visibility into our competitors' cost structure, but if you raise the duty from 8% to 14%, that's just yet another headwind for producers that are moving lumber into the U.S. market. So we'll see what happens in terms of whether that triggers additional capacity decisions or not. But directionally, that could ultimately be helpful. But we'll see.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Just maybe a little bit more on Natural Climate Solutions. So you mentioned 70 solar projects, 130,000 acres. When do those -- can you give a sense when those options expire when you might expect you to start seeing more cash coming in related to those deals.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean the nice thing about solar is there's a tremendous amount of demand. The flip side is it takes these solar projects a while to work through the system. So -- we're going to have solar development start coming online this year. First 1 is back half of this year and then you add, call it, several year and they just continue to build. And so the pipeline will grow over time, and you're going to start seeing that cash flow hit our income statement. But it's -- unfortunately, it's slow going just the process to move these things through the pipeline.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And so now we're kind of a couple of years into -- after you're having provided that $100 million EBITDA target for Natural Climate Solutions, how things played out differently, better, worse than you expected? And maybe start there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. That's a good question. I think when we look at the overall market, I think the opportunity that we see in the future is probably larger than back when we first set out that target, which is natural to some extent as these things continue to mature. I think the time line on several of these different businesses has probably been a little longer than we expected. And that's particularly true around carbon capture and storage. I think that's going to be a big business. But the process to get through all of the permitting, that's just taken a little bit longer than we would have expected. I still have a lot of confidence that ultimately, those are going to be a nice revenue generator. Solar, probably there's been more demand than we had expected. I think the time line, unfortunately, hasn't dramatically shortened relative to when we kick this off. And I do think just from an overall public policy standpoint, we do need to figure out a way to get these solar projects through the pipeline quicker. But the demand level is extremely high. So we feel good about that. I think mitigation banking is another area where we've seen probably a little bit more demand than we had originally anticipated. So that might be a bigger component of that initial $100 million than we originally anticipated. And I think Forest Carbon is we're seeing growing levels of support. We had the Biden administration that came out in support of voluntary carbon markets, SBTI came out talking about voluntary credits for Scope 3 emissions. You've seen a variety of commentary from the environmental community and support. So I feel like that's -- that's growing in momentum. And when we talk to customers for forest carbon, there's a significant amount of demand as long as you can get over that credibility hurdle. And I feel like we're making good progress there. So I think that's another market that we're pretty excited about. And you're going to really start to see that hit in a more material way next year in terms of the income stream coming off of Forest Carbon. So overall So that flows through typically at a little bit higher price and just kind of commodity OSB. And then lastly, we typically have a higher mix of high-value product relative to sheeting, which helps our overall realizations relative to at random links. And it's really those three things typically.
Mark Weintraub: That's helpful. Maybe just relatedly, so when we think about the EWP business, we've got OSB prices coming down, at least the commodity price is coming down very substantially. Does that flow through into higher margins for your EWP business or not necessarily as much as you would think.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, absolutely. I mean that OSB web stock, I mean it typically because it is all supplied internally, it's on a 13-week rolling average. So it does roll through. But absolutely, that is a tailwind for margins as you see OSB prices come down for the EWP business.
Operator: Our last question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: I just wonder, is there any way to quantify the fixed cost reduction you might see from New Bern? And then with the outlook for PAUSE lumber for 3Q. I guess there's a few moving pieces with lower volumes, a little lower log costs, higher unit manufacturing costs. I mean if prices kind of stay where they are now through would your lumber EBITDA maybe be kind of directionally similar to 2Q? Or do you think that you could break even with some of the actions you've taken? Or just any color you can give there?
David Wold: Yes, Anthony, just starting on the New Bern, again, I'd remind you that, that's relatively small mill, 100 million board feet and capacity. So there are some fixed costs coming out, but it's going to be relatively immaterial in the broader context. So that's what I would say there. In regard to lumber as a whole, I think that's probably a fair statement in terms of if pricing holds where it's at today, probably relatively comparable, But of course, I do think that there's some reason to think that prices could come up as the quarter progresses.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor, you may begin. 
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2024 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Davie Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish. 
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $114 million or $0.16 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was $352 million, a 10% increase over the fourth quarter of 2023. These are solid results, and I'm pleased with the operational and financial performance delivered by our teams.  
 Turning now to our first quarter business results. I'll begin with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $80 million to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $144 million, which was comparable to the fourth quarter. In the West, adjusted EBITDA increased by $3 million compared to the prior quarter. Starting with the Western domestic market. Adverse weather conditions in January temporarily impacted log supply and demand across the region. As the quarter progressed, log supply in the system increased as weather conditions improved. Several recent mill curtailments primarily in Oregon also added to log availability in the region.  
 Despite this dynamic, the market remained fairly balanced due to healthy log demand and improvements in lumber pricing. As a result, pricing for our logs was comparable to the fourth quarter. That said, our average domestic sales realizations decreased slightly, largely driven by a lower percentage of grade logs in our mix. For the quarter, our domestic sales volumes were significantly higher as we strategically shifted logs to domestic customers. Fee harvest volumes were moderately higher and per unit log and haul costs were significantly lower. As we made the seasonal transition to lower elevation and lower-cost harvest operations. Forestry and road costs were seasonally lower.  
 Moving to our Western export business. Log markets in Japan were stable in the first quarter. Despite ongoing consumption headwinds, demand for our logs remained steady as our customers benefited from lower volumes of competing European lumber imports. As a result, our average sales realizations for export volumes to Japan were comparable to the fourth quarter. Our sales volumes were moderately lower due to the timing of vessels. In China, log inventories at the ports grew in the first quarter as a result of reduced consumption during the Lunar New Year holiday and increased log imports from New Zealand. However, log takeaway improved as the quarter progressed.  
 Despite steady demand for our logs, our sales volumes into China were significantly lower in the first quarter as we intentionally flexed log sales to the domestic market. Our average sales realizations were slightly higher compared to the fourth quarter.  
 Turning to the South. Adjusted EBITDA for Southern Timberlands decreased by $4 million compared to the fourth quarter. Southern sawlog markets moderated somewhat in the first quarter largely in response to elevated mill inventories and ample log supply. In contrast, Southern fiber markets were stable in the first quarter as supply and demand trended to a more balanced state. Given these dynamics, our average sales realizations were comparable to the fourth quarter. Per unit log and haul costs were also comparable and forestry and road costs were seasonally lower. Our fee harvest volumes decreased slightly in the first quarter. In the North, adjusted EBITDA increased by $1 million compared to the fourth quarter as sales realizations increased moderately. Fee harvest volumes were moderately lower in the first quarter, largely driven by the early onset of spring breakup conditions.  
 Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources on Pages 10 and 11. Real estate and ENR contributed $60 million to first quarter earnings and $94 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter EBITDA was $27 million higher than the fourth quarter primarily attributable to an increase in real estate acres sold. Average price per acre decreased compared to the fourth quarter due to the mix of properties sold but remained elevated compared to historical levels. We continue to benefit from solid demand for HBU properties, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value.  
 Now for some comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business. In February, we announced an exploratory agreement with Lapis Energy to pursue carbon capture and sequestration projects across 5 potential sites in the U.S. South. The agreement represents a unique opportunity to scale our CCS offerings. To date, we've entered into 3 CCS agreements covering up to 7 sites across our Southern timber holdings. And we remain focused on developing new projects and intend to enter into additional agreements over the next few years.  
 Turning to forest carbon. On the heels of our first approved project in Maine, we're advancing 2 projects in the U.S. South that are expected to be completed later this year. Combined, these 3 projects are expected to generate over 100,000 credits in 2024 and we intend to sell these credits into the voluntary market. Looking forward, we have several additional projects in the development pipeline and continue to see strong demand for high-quality credits.  
 Lastly, I'll make a few comments on the progress we're making on our renewable energy business with a specific focus on solar. Given our unmatched portfolio in the U.S. South, we are uniquely positioned to drive meaningful value across our land base as demand for large-scale solar development increases. In total, we've signed over 60 agreements for potential solar projects covering more than 100,000 acres across 11 states. Notably, we recently signed sizable agreements in Georgia and Mississippi, and currently have several projects in late stages of development with one expected to be operational later this year. We've been very selective in choosing the counterparties to these agreements and have built an outstanding portfolio of projects with experienced and successful developers and utilities.  
 Looking forward, we continue to see strong demand as this market continues to develop and we expect to sign additional agreements over the next several years.  
 Moving to Wood Products on Pages 12 through 14. Wood Products contributed $128 million to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $184 million, a 16% increase from the fourth quarter. Starting with lumber. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was a $5 million loss but improved by $29 million compared to the fourth quarter, largely driven by a slight increase in sales realizations. Adverse weather conditions in January and cautious buyer sentiment weighed on the lumber market at the outset of the first quarter. As the quarter progressed, demand signals improved slightly, particularly for Western SPF and Douglas fir species. This drove modest pricing improvements through mid-March. In contrast, southern lumber markets faced persistent headwinds during the quarter, given weather-related challenges, a moderation in demand and ample supply of finished products.  
 For the quarter, our average sales realizations increased by 4% compared to the fourth quarter, largely in line with the framing lumber composite. Our sales volumes decreased slightly, partially driven by winter weather disruptions early in the quarter. Unit manufacturing costs increased slightly and log costs were slightly lower. OSB adjusted EBITDA increased by $14 million compared to the fourth quarter, primarily due to an increase in product pricing. Benchmark pricing for OSB was relatively stable through February, but increased significantly in March. This improvement was largely driven by lean inventories, supply limitations and resilient demand from new home construction activity. As a result, our average sales realizations increased by 4% compared to the fourth quarter, while the average OSB composite pricing increased by 13%.  
 This relative difference was largely due to our extended order files, which result in a lag effect for OSB realizations. Our production and sales volumes were slightly higher in the first quarter and unit manufacturing costs improved. Fiber costs were slightly higher. Adjusted EBITDA for engineered wood products decreased by $18 million compared to the fourth quarter. Primarily due to a decrease in average sales realizations as previously determined price adjustments took effect in certain markets. Our sales volumes for solid section products were comparable to the fourth quarter, while I-joist volumes were lower. Both unit manufacturing and raw material costs increased for most products in the first quarter. A couple of things worth noting for context regarding our engineered wood products in Q1.  
 First, we did ship somewhat higher EWP volumes to customers in the fourth quarter of last year after having been on allocation for most of 2023. And consequently, customer inventories were slightly elevated entering the new year. Also, while single-family construction activity remained resilient, we experienced the typical seasonal pattern in EWP demand in the first quarter. That all being said, we expect healthy demand from the single-family segment as we get further into the spring building season. As a result, we anticipate higher sales volumes and stable sales realizations from our EWP business in the second quarter. In distribution, adjusted EBITDA increased by $4 million compared to the fourth quarter largely driven by an improvement in commodity realizations and margins.  
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Davie to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook. 
David Wold: Thanks, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I'll be covering key financial items and first quarter financial performance before moving into our second quarter outlook. I'll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 16. Our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with approximately $900 million of cash and total debt of just under $5.1 billion at the end of the quarter. In the first quarter, we generated $124 million of cash from operations. It's worth noting that the first quarter is usually our lowest operating cash flow quarter due to seasonal inventory and other working capital build. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $79 million, which is a typical level for the first quarter. We returned $146 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend, which we increased by 5.3% to $0.20 per share during the quarter.  
 This is in line with our commitment to grow our sustainable base dividend by 5% annually through 2025. During the quarter, we also returned $102 million to shareholders through the payment of our supplemental dividend, which was associated with our 2023 financial results. First quarter share repurchase activity totaled approximately $50 million. And as of quarter end, we have completed nearly $800 million of repurchase under our $1 billion authorization. Looking forward, we will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. First quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 15. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment decreased by $22 million compared to the fourth quarter partially attributable to changes in intersegment profit elimination and LIFO. Looking forward, key outlook items for the second quarter are presented on Page 18.  
 In our Timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly higher than the first quarter of 2024. Turning to our Western Timberlands operations, we expect steady to increasing log demand in the domestic market in the second quarter as mills respond to improving lumber takeaway as we get deeper into the spring building season. That said, log supply is expected to increase as weather conditions improve seasonally. On balance, this should translate to a fairly stable domestic log market. As a result, we expect our domestic sales realizations to be comparable to the first quarter. We anticipate our fee harvest volumes will be moderately higher given seasonally favorable operating conditions in the second quarter. Forestry and road costs are expected to be higher as we enter the spring and summer months, and per unit log and haul costs are also expected to be higher.  
 Moving to the export markets. In Japan, we anticipate stable log markets and steady demand from our customers in the second quarter. As a result, we expect our average sales realizations for export volumes to Japan to be comparable to the first quarter. Our sales volumes are expected to increase, largely due to the timing of vessels. In China, we expect a modest increase in construction activity and log consumption following the Lunar New Year holiday. And given steady log demand from our strategic customers, we expect to significantly increase our sales volumes into China in the second quarter. Our average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the first quarter.  
 Moving to the South. Log inventories were elevated at the outset of the second quarter, and log supply is expected to increase seasonally. As the quarter progresses, we expect sawlog demand to remain relatively stable and fiber demand to soften in response to increased annual maintenance outages. On balance, takeaway for our logs is expected to remain steady given our delivered programs across the region. As a result, we expect our sales realizations will be comparable to the first quarter. Our fee harvest volumes and forestry and road costs are expected to be higher due to drier weather conditions that are typical in the second quarter and we anticipate comparable per unit log and haul costs.  
 In the north, our sales realizations are expected to be moderately higher than the first quarter and fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly lower given spring breakup conditions.  
 Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. As Devin mentioned, we are still seeing solid demand for our real estate properties, and we continue to expect a consistent flow of HBU transactions with significant premiums to timber value. For the second quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to and earnings will be approximately $10 million lower than the first quarter of 2024 due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. For the full year, we maintain our adjusted EBITDA guidance of approximately $320 million for the segment, which includes a year-over-year increase in contributions from Natural Climate Solutions as we continue to advance toward our 2025 target for that business. For our Wood Products segment, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly higher than the first quarter of 2024, excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB.  
 This is largely driven by improved sales volumes across our Wood Products businesses and favorable cost for lumber. I will note that we do expect demand for wood products to remain healthy, supported by improving housing and repair and remodel activity as we move further into the spring. As shown on Page 19, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber are slightly higher than the first quarter average. That said, the framing lumber composite has trended lower over the last several weeks. For OSB, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations are significantly higher than the first quarter average. As Devin mentioned, our extended order files result in a lag effect for OSB realizations. As a result, most of the OSB price improvement that we saw in March will be captured in our second quarter realizations.  
 For our lumber business, we expect higher production and sales volumes in the second quarter and moderately lower unit manufacturing costs. Log costs are expected to be slightly lower. For our OSB business, we anticipate sales volumes to be moderately higher than the first quarter with comparable unit manufacturing costs. Fiber costs are expected to be slightly higher in the second quarter. In our Engineered Wood Products business, we anticipate higher sales volumes across all products. Our average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the first quarter. Raw material costs are expected to be higher primarily for OSB web stock. For our distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be higher compared to the first quarter due to increased sales volumes and stronger commodity realizations.  
 With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions. 
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets, starting with housing. On balance, our macro view on the housing market is largely unchanged. Despite elevated mortgage interest rates, the single-family segment remains solid and continues to be supported by strong overall demand for housing, a limited inventory of existing homes on the market and actions taken by the large homebuilders to offset affordability challenges. In contrast, activity in the multifamily segment has moderated given the elevated interest rate environment and the recent and upcoming influx of multifamily units entering the market. As a reminder, single-family construction is a much more important demand driver for our business than multifamily.  
 For the first quarter, housing starts averaged 1.4 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis with single-family starts holding up well. However, we do think homebuilding activity in the first quarter was impacted to some degree by various weather events across the U.S. So the spring building season has been a little slower to kick into high gear. As we move deeper into 2024, we're still expecting healthy demand for housing, particularly in the single-family segment. That's consistent with what we are hearing from our homebuilding customers. On longer term, our view on the housing fundamentals continues to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbilled housing stock.  
 Turning to repair and remodel. Activity has been a little softer to start off the year, particularly in the do-it-yourself segment. Moving forward, we expect R&R activity to pick up somewhat as weather conditions improve and continue to believe that demand will ultimately be supported by prospective homebuyers that elect to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home in the current rate environment. And beyond 2024, most of the key drivers supporting solid repair and remodel demand remain intact including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock. 
 So in closing, we delivered solid results across our businesses in the first quarter. We also continue to make progress toward our multiyear targets by increasing our quarterly base dividend and signing our third CCS agreement.  
 Looking forward, we're encouraged by the strong underlying fundamentals that will drive long-term growth for housing and repair and remodel demand and natural climate solutions. And given our unmatched portfolio of assets, we're uniquely positioned to capitalize on these opportunities well into the future. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong, and we remain focused on driving peer-leading performance across our businesses, serving our customers and delivering superior long-term value and returns for our shareholders. With that, I think we can open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. 
George Staphos: So I want to look a little bit under the hood in terms of timber realizations in the West in the quarter and the implications into 2Q. Now it said you redirected -- you mentioned you redirected volume from export even though realizations were flat in export to domestic markets nonetheless, Western realizations were down a bit. And I guess the question would be, given that price realization, why did you direct so much timber demand domestically when it looked like export markets, at least were able to maintain flat realizations. That's question number one.  
 Question number two, recognizing there were some timing factors in terms of EWP. There's been this steady trend lower in both solid section and I-joist and just wondering what your views are in terms of the implications going forward? And then third, given all the project activity in climate solutions, are you prepared to update your $100 million target by '25 might that number need to be raised at some point? 
Devin Stockfish: So I answer the third one first with respect to the $100 million. We're still working towards that run rate, $100 million by the end of 2025. As we get closer to that end date, we'll obviously work with you on updating what that longer-term number is, but we're not prepared to do that today. With respect to the first question on the timber markets in the Northwest, the lower realizations was really more a reflection just on mix and not so much on #2, Doug fir log prices, those were just fine. So we moved some, as we always do, looking for the best margin opportunity in Q1 to meet some customer demands. As we roll into Q2, as we noted, we're seeing pretty strong demand from our customers in China, not withstand all of the market dynamics there. So we have an opportunity to flex a little bit more volume to China in Q2, and that's what we're going to do.  
 And that's typical, we'll move back and forth depending on what the best margin opportunity is. With respect to EWP, we have seen some downward price pressure here coming out of the peak of the pandemic, but I think it's important to put that in historical context. We still have very strong EWP pricing relative to pre-pandemic. We still see strong demand. I think on the I-joist side, in particular, one of the dynamics at play during the real peak of the pandemic where we saw product shortages. We did see some conversion to open web during that period. And so we're working on regaining that market share. Obviously, with lumber prices being relatively lower right now, from a cost standpoint, it may take a little bit longer to pull some of that market share back to I-Joist.  
 But we're working on that. The team is doing a nice job of picking up customers and making that conversion. As we think about Q2, as Davie mentioned, we're expecting comparable realizations, and we'll see the volume pick up in Q2 and Q3. So still a good market. I still think there's a lot of opportunity in EWP notwithstanding pricing coming down a little bit from those pandemic peak levels. 
Operator: Our next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. 
Susan Maklari: My first question is on the solar projects that you mentioned, Devin, you gave some interesting commentary on those. Can you talk a bit about how that could potentially contribute to results in the more near to medium term perhaps. And then anything on the unit economics of those projects and how they compare to some of the others that are falling within the NCS area? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. With respect to the specific economics at this point, we're not prepared to release that, we're really working on signing up new contracts. And I think just from a competitive positioning standpoint for not to do that at this point, we will obviously at some later date. It's going to be a growing component of NCS. The NPV uplift on doing a solar project is always going to be the right answer relative to timber multiple uplift on NPV. So you're going to sign those up as often as you can. The challenges with many of the NCS businesses is just the time line to get these things hooked into the grid. We're signing up pretty healthy number of agreements. We're building up a really nice pipeline.  
 As I mentioned, we've been really thoughtful about the counterparties that we're engaging with, really trying to get the high-end developers to improve the conversion rate. It's important to remember, not every solar agreement you signed is necessarily going to convert into a project that comes to fruition, but I think we'll have a pretty good success rate just given the partners that we're engaging with. So as I said, that will be a growing component of our NCS and even in the $100 million, that will be a decent component of that. But obviously, it will grow over time as more of these projects come online. 
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful color. And then turning to Wood Products, lumber prices have been sort of softer lately despite the activity that we're seeing on the single-family side, like you mentioned, I guess what do you think that we need to see in order to get some more strength there and understanding you don't forecast lumber prices, but just generally, how important do you think an improvement in R&R is? And I guess, how do you think about that relative to the supply dynamics in that area? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Sue, I think you hit the nail on the head there. The big issue, I think, right now, given that single-family construction has been relatively strong. Although I would note even though we've seen strong housing numbers of late on a seasonally adjusted basis, you do see more actual building activity as you get into spring and summer. So there is just that natural increase in the demand for lumber and wood products as the number of actual building activity picks up. But I think the real issue, and this is particularly true for Southern Yellow Pine is R&R has been okay. It hasn't been terrible, but we just haven't seen as much of that spring R&R activity as we typically would have seen I think in the South, in particular, some of the treated market, we haven't necessarily seen as much buying activity there, which obviously Southern Yellow Pine lumber is big in that treated market.  
 So I do think as we get deeper into the spring beyond some of these weather events, I expect that to pick up somewhat. And so we'll see some of that tensioning up as we get a little bit deeper into the year. But I think with lumber, obviously, about 40% of the ultimate demand is repair and remodel. So if that's a little bit softer, that does have a bit of an impact on pricing. For the SPF and Doug fir markets, I think maybe the outdoor market isn't quite as important, but particularly for Doug fir, the California market is very important. And it was a pretty rainy Q1, it's drying out, you're starting to see a pickup in activity, and I think that will put some upward pressure on Doug for prices as we move deeper into the spring and summer. 
Operator: Our next question is from Hamir Patel with CIBC Capital Markets. 
Hamir Patel: Devin, just given how weak the lumber prices have been of late, particularly for Southern Pine, are you surprised we haven't seen more curtailments across the industry? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, on some level, yes, because I suspect there's a good chunk of the industry that's been operating below cash breakeven. So historically, that would have caused people to make certain operating decisions. I do think, to some extent, there's still this residual concern coming out of the pandemic around labor and just to the extent people think that prices are going to turn around, kind of trying to hold out a little bit longer, so you don't jeopardize the available labor force in your mills. So perhaps that's some of it. But ultimately, you wouldn't expect people to operate indefinitely if they're below cash breakeven, which I think where our Southern Yellow Pine prices are, for some of the industry, I think that's certainly the case right now. 
Hamir Patel: Great that's helpful. And are you able to comment on where inventories look to you in the channel today for lumber, OSB and EWP. 
Devin Stockfish: I think for lumber, I would say inventory levels are adequate. We've had a few years where they were more or less operating on a pretty lean basis. I think to a large extent, buyers have built up some inventory. I mean, I wouldn't say it's excessive by any means, but at least it's enough for people to not have to be aggressive in terms of their lumber buying, which has been a headwind on price. OSB has been a little bit leaner. I'd say on balance, the channel is still pretty lean on the OSB side. And I'd say EWP is pretty typical for this time of year, not terribly low or high, just generally in normal range for this time of year. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. 
Mark Weintraub: Maybe first, just following up on the NCS recognizing competitive reasons, you don't like to give too much in the way of details, but are you primarily looking at leasing on the solar side? Or would there be sales arrangements? Is there a strong bias? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We're focused on leasing activity. We think that provides the best long-term value. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And obviously, we've seen some other directional estimates on the types of uplift. Is there any reason to believe that your situation would be meaningfully different from what we hear from others? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean we may have minor disagreements in terms of the specific numbers, but directionally, I think what others are talking about aligned with how we're thinking about it, at least for quality projects. I think the differentiator for us, Mark, is really a couple of things. One, particularly on the forest carbon development, we are doing more of that work internally, so we get to keep more of the economics. And then just from a scale standpoint, we have the opportunity to participate maybe at a larger level. But directionally, in terms of NPV uplift, I think those are generally in the ballpark, at least in our view. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay. That's very helpful. And just lastly on the CCS. Can you just remind us kind of what the process is here. You got to get that permitting. And then after that, well, you don't get -- the permitting has to be gotten. And then does equipment have to be put in place, et cetera. So what type of time lines are realistic for the CCS projects? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it is a multiyear process. So you have to go through the process of, first, we provide certain geologic information, but the counterparty is going to do their work and their analysis on that. There's a permitting process as we all know. In the U.S., permitting is very challenging. And so that's a process that has to be worked through either at the EPA level as the one in Mississippi or at the state level now that Louisiana has gotten primacy from EPA. That's a lengthy process that has to be undertaken. Then there's the process of actually building the injection facility on site and the pipeline development. So all of that work does take a bit of time and frankly, probably has taken a little bit more time than we had anticipated when we rolled out these targets initially back in 2021. But again, ultimately, we think this is going to be a healthy business for us. We think the demand is definitely there, but you just have to work through the process. But the beauty is once it's up and running, it's a recurring revenue stream for decades. 
Mark Weintraub: Right? So is it fair to say that that's probably not a big part of the 2025 but that there's hopefully significant upside beyond that from these projects? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's accurate. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then just lastly, I promise last one, on it. So I believe at one point, you talked about 500,000 acres being potentially suitable or identified for CCS. With the Lapis project, do you have an update on that number? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it's probably another 100,000, 75,000 acres over and above that just because 3 of the 5 sites that are part of that Lapis agreement were not part of our initial estimate and so I think that has expanded the potential opportunity zone. I will say just a cautionary note with respect to the acreage references, since we will continue to manage the above-ground land base on those projects outside of a very small sliver for the pipeline and the injection site. It's not necessarily the greatest proxy for how much underground space. We use that just to kind of help dimension. Ultimately, each of these sites will have their own poor space availability. But we do think that the opportunity with Lapis is a nice way to continue to expand our potential opportunities within the CCS space. 
Mark Weintraub: And so as you think about ratios of poor space to land base, what might be a reasonable average percentage to use? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it's really hard to do that, Mark, because each one it's going to be different. So I'd be hard-pressed to give you sort of a rule of thumb number since each one is going to be differential. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets. 
Ketan Mamtora: Perhaps the first one on OSB, I was a little bit surprised that your current realizations are up sort of $95 versus Q1 average versus kind of random length, which is up almost $200. I understand the lag impact. But beyond that, what are the other nuances that we may be missing? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean it's really just the lag effect because you're talking about a 3- to 5-week lag trailing behind random lengths. And so what you typically see when you have the tighter markets for us with OSB is we lag on the upside, but then we hold it longer on the downside. That's really it. 
Ketan Mamtora: So Devin, in that case if we assume that prices stay near these levels for the rest of the quarter, just hypothetically, then is it fair to say that your realizations should move higher if they were to just stay here at this level for the quarter? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. 
Ketan Mamtora: Understood. Okay. And then just one quick one as a follow-up. What were your operating rates in lumber, OSB and engineered wood in Q1. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So lumber kind of in the high 70% operating rate; in OSB, it was the low 90s; EWP was the high 70s. And so again, I think we saw on the lumber side, that operating rate was a little lower probably than we would have anticipated, but that should move back up in Q2. Really, operating rates for all 3 businesses should move up in Q2. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. 
Kurt Yinger: I just wanted to circle back on EWP. You talked about the extended lead times late last year. What have you done from either a labor or operating posture or capacity perspective to kind of ensure that if the single-family strength continues, you don't run into those same issues again in '24. 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, a couple of things going on last year in '23. First of all, I think we are still struggling to get fully staffed up across our mill set. I think we are in a much better place today than we were a year ago. So that's number one. Number two, if you remember back at the beginning of 2023 with where mortgage rates were going, I think our view was that it was going to be a much more challenging housing environment. And so we made a decision to pull back a little bit on production to align with what we thought was going to happen in the housing market. Now obviously, that's not how things turned out. 
 And the challenge with EWP is once you get behind the 8 ball, it's hard to get back to even. And so it took us a good chunk of the year to really get our volumes to customers back where they needed to be. We are in allocation for most of the year. So I think heading into this year, just a different view. I think we've seen that the market can operate well even in a higher mortgage rate environment. And so we were running in Q1 at normal operating levels and we'll continue to do that. So I don't expect us to have the same challenge this year. 
Kurt Yinger: Got it. And then since Mark had asked about CCS, I wanted to ask a similar question around the solar opportunities. Could you just maybe help us understand some of the differences between signing the agreements and the go live or when you might expect kind of any substantive kind of contributions from that? And is there a typical or general rule of thumb in terms of the time line between when you would think of signing an agreement and not ultimately materializing? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think historically, you would think it's a several year process. So typically, you sign up an agreement for a number of acres. Usually, that initial acreage is going to be larger. The counterparty will go in, do their work, do the assessment on just the economics of the size and scale, et cetera. And that process is pretty straightforward. I think that things really extended this time line of late is there is so much solar activity going on right now. The permitting process has become quite challenging. I think whether it's at the federal, state, local level, they just don't have the resources available to work through the level of permitting activity, that's number one. 
 Number two, even after you get to that point, tying into the grid, we have an aging infrastructure. And so just the ability to tie new renewable projects into the grid takes a little bit longer than it probably should. You have to work through the utilities. There aren't enough energy engineers to do the balancing assessment and work as things get tied into the grid. So there's just -- the pipeline is fairly large, but there are some pinch points along the way that extends this out. So you're typically now from signing to actually having a solar project up and running, it's a multiyear process, 3, 4 years if things are working well. 
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Appreciate the color. 
Devin Stockfish: But I will just reiterate the point. That all being said, once these come on, you have a 30-year recurring revenue that just increases with every year and you've got escalators for inflation. So it's a wonderful revenue stream once they're up and running. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citibank. 
Anthony Pettinari: In Wood Products, you've been EBITDA negative in lumber for a couple of quarters and Random Lengths seems like it's taken another step down over the last couple of weeks. I'm just wondering, are there steps that you're taking in terms of OpEx or projects or staffing or shifts to improve profitability and kind of your own controllables within the lumber business to the extent you're able to discuss. 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I mean, the good news is we've been working on OpEx and cost for a decade. So I think we're, relatively speaking, well positioned on the cost curve. When you think about the last 2 quarters, it's obviously been a tougher pricing environment. But the real challenge for us has been primarily in the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia. And the challenge there is if prices come down a lot quicker than log prices, it can create an environment that's very difficult. Now it's important to remember, even in the Pacific Northwest where lumber profitability has been challenged as a system we're still obviously profitable when you think about our Timberlands and Wood Products business together. But as we think about our system as a whole, Pacific Northwest, British Columbia, you're going to be hard-pressed to find anybody that has a lower cost -- unit cost to manufacture lumber than Weyerhaeuser. 
 And so as the prices come up, which we believe they will, and to some extent, SPF and Green Doug fir are already coming up a little bit. I think we're going to be positioned just fine in those markets. And in the South, the vast majority of our mills are top quartile cost structure mills. So even at today's prices, where I think much of the industry is going to have a hard time driving profitability. We should as long as we run reasonably well, we should still be black at the bottom really under any circumstance in the U.S. South. So yes, it's been a little bit more challenging the last couple of quarters, but I think we're well positioned moving forward. Our relative position in the industry is still very strong, and I think we'll see that play out over the coming quarters. And obviously, at some point, we do believe that lumber prices are going to move up materially, whether that's next week, next month or some time after that. And I think we'll be very well positioned when that does happen. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then if you look across your portfolio in Wood Products and maybe Timberlands and Real Estate as well, are there end markets or exposures or customer sets that you would view as maybe more sensitive to kind of short-term changes in interest rates and with mortgage rates above 7% now. I'm just wondering, with those exposures or customers, are you seeing any impact in terms of customer discussions or tone? Or just any color you can give there? 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Maybe I'll break it down by some of the key components. From a single-family residential construction, that's particularly true for the bigger builders. I mean I think they've been remarkably nimble and resilient in managing through this environment. They're still going to build. I think they figured out how to build through this higher rate environment. So I think they're doing just fine. I do think on the multifamily segment, you have seen more interest rate sensitivity. I think that's the one I would highlight really more so than others that has been impacted by the higher interest rate environment and the inflationary dynamic at play right now. I would just point out, as you think about multifamily, one, obviously, single-family is a more important market for us than multifamily. 
 But even within multifamily, if you look at the spike of volume that's hit the market last year and this year, I think you'd see it's primarily that increases in those higher rise multifamily projects, the -- and those don't typically use all that much wood. The lower rise, the mid-rise, those kind of 1 to 3, 4 to 6 kind of type multifamily, you haven't seen that same spike of volume coming to the market in that space. And so consequently, we don't necessarily think that's going to come down as much. And those units do typically use more wood. So I'm not sure that falloff in multifamily is going to impact us as much as you might think. And then on the repair and remodel, the Pro segment seems to be doing fine even in these higher interest rate environments. I think do-it-yourself has been impacted somewhat, whether that's inflation, whether that's interest rates. As I said earlier, I think that's probably a little bit softer this year. We'll see how that progresses as the year continues. 
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And maybe just one follow-up for me on Wood Products. As a reminder, black at the bottom, you would define that as free cash flow positive in all quarters? Or can you just remind us kind of how you define black at the bottom. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. It's cash flow positive at trough level prices. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew McKellar with RBC Capital Markets. 
Matthew McKellar: I'd like to start by circling back on maybe George's earlier question around Engineered Wood Products and some of the timing issues there. And please correct me if I'm wrong, but I think you've previously talked about there being a bit of a lag in pricing actually for some components of the business. I think you've guided to comparable realizations quarter-over-quarter with higher raw material costs and how much OSB prices have increased, which I think maybe is mostly specific to Trus Joist. I was wondering if you could talk about the impact to margins there and then your ability to maybe push pricing higher to reflect the higher cost of inputs and just how to think about that sort of timing dynamic? 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes, the timing lag is accurate. Typically, price actions can be anywhere from 30, 60, 90 days to come to effect depending on the specific dynamic with that customer. So you have seen -- and that's kind of the Q1 story is some of those prior actions taking full effect in Q1. With respect to the fiber cost or input costs, that's primarily an OSB web stock comment with I-joist, you're right about that. I do think as that price moves up, does that take some of the lower-cost competitors trying to take market share, that puts a little bit more pressure on them. Do remember that for us, the OSB web stock comes from our internal mills. And so to the extent you see higher web stock pricing for EWP or cost for EWP, that means you're getting it on the other side with OSB. 
Matthew McKellar: Maybe next, just wondering if you could just provide a bit of commentary on maybe what the latest you're seeing is on the market for Timberland acquisitions. Any significant changes in tone or sentiment in that market or any other comments you can offer on what you've seen to start '24? 
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Our expectation at this point is it's going to be a pretty typical year, somewhere in the $2 billion to $2.5 billion range for total transactions. We haven't seen a lot of big transactions hit the market this year. There is a larger package, I think, up in Northern Washington, Northwest Washington right now, I think that's on the market. But I do think you're still seeing a strong interest in the asset class, particularly for moderate to high-quality Timberland packages. The only thing that we've really seen, and this was true towards the end of late last year as well, maybe a little bit of less aggression on lower-quality packages. We've seen a few no sale transactions here of late. But nevertheless, I think for quality packages, you're still seeing a lot of interest and pricing has been very strong. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. 
Michael Roxland: Devin, I just wanted to follow up with you on the EWP operating rate. You mentioned it was in the high 70s in 1Q. That's down from the low 80s in 4Q. So just wondering, did you take increased downtime in EWP? I'm just trying to reconcile the operating rate comment or the rate itself with your earlier comment that you shipped greater EWP volumes in 4Q after being on allocation for most of the year. So help me just try to reconcile what happened in the operating rate and why do you bring it down in 1Q relative to 4Q. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. You're talking about really only a percentage or 2 of difference. It wasn't intentional. It was really -- we had some weather events in the January time frame that caused us to lose a little production. We had one mill that had reliability challenges for a brief moment in time. But wasn't anything intentional. It was really just some operational things. But as I said, plan to move that up as we get into Q2. 
Michael Roxland: Got you. And where do you think it will be in 2Q? Are you looking at bringing it back to low 80s or even accelerating that beyond the low 80s given what you pointed out as better single-family demand. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it should be in the mid- to low 80s is kind of where we're targeting. 
Michael Roxland: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up on EWP. One of the things I've heard in terms of why EWP is gaining demand -- gain share against lumber over the last few years. Just in terms of either construction making -- especially within the tight labor market. But when you look at EWP volumes, look at some of your peers in EWP volumes relative to single-family starts, single -- versus 2019, single-family starts are actually up, call it, 6% to 7% versus 2019 -- in 2019. And in that time, solid section volumes are down 4% and I-joist volumes are down close to 20%. So if I try to get a sense of if EWP is really gaining share against some lumber, why are the volumes down in EWP when single-family starts are up. 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, without looking at the numbers next year, that's kind of hard to pinpoint the specific numbers. But what I would say is directionally, when you look at what was happening during the pandemic, really couldn't get solid section or I-joist with a certain level of building activity really once it went over 1.5 million housing starts, there just wasn't enough EWP available. And so it put homebuilders in the position where to keep building homes, they had to find alternatives. And so whether that was using lumber instead of solid section or using open web instead of Engineered Wood Solutions, people did what they had to do. And so I do think all things being equal, most builders would prefer to have Engineered Wood Products. And so as that becomes available, and obviously, there's a cost component. Lumber prices have been a little bit lower, making some of those alternatives, a slightly better cost decision. But that being said, as lumber prices ultimately materialize. I do feel very good about the ability to build market share in EWP. 
Operator: Our next question is from Buck Horne with Raymond James. 
Buck Horne: Just a quick follow-up on -- I appreciate the comments on the Timberland M&A markets. Just wondering if you could give a little extra color on valuations across the regions that you're seeing right now in terms of just directionally. And I guess I'm also curious if you think directionally carbon optionality continues to be an increasingly important driver of valuations? Or does that theme kind of moderated in more recent months? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean for quality packages, you're seeing very strong pricing. Anything in that Washington, Oregon, area, at least kind of in the key manufacturing regions within those 2 states, very, very strong pricing. I think in the South, we're continuing to see good strong pricing again in markets where you have the decent supply/demand dynamic with mill availability. I do think you're still seeing people try to get their arms around how to underwrite carbon, but there's no question that, that is playing a part in how people value Timberlands really in most key regions. And I think that will continue to be the case. I think it's important to note, as you think about underwriting that carbon optionality, we're still kind of in the early stages of pinpointing what those numbers are going to look like. 
 If you think about the carbon sale that we did just here back in Q4 of last year at $29 a ton, I think that strong pricing. Our view is we're going to see pricing improve in the years to come. But you almost need more data points for people to really bake that hard into their underwriting process. So I think we'll continue to see that be a part of how people underwrite deals today, but probably more so into the future when you have more data points on how to price those carbon offsets. 
Buck Horne: Got you. Appreciate that. Yes. It's actually a good segue to my next question. I was going to ask you about the forest carbon credits and 100,000 credits you guys are expecting this year? And if you think I mean, should pricing for that be similar to the $29 a ton, you achieved earlier? Or is that improving? Or is that -- what's the trend in kind of that voluntary market? 
Devin Stockfish: Yes, trends in the voluntary market are a little challenging because there's such a differential in terms of the quality of those projects that are coming to market, and it's still, to a large extent based off of individual transactions. So insight into pricing can be a bit challenging. That all being said, we continue to believe that we're going to get good solid premiums for the product that we're bringing to market. And we do think that as the demand continues to grow for these high-quality projects, pricing will go up over time. Each individual project, there are going to be puts and takes depending on what's going on in the market. But directionally, we feel good about the trajectory of carbon prices over the course of this year and over the next several years. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments. 
Devin Stockfish: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor. You may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2023 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Davie Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported full year GAAP earnings of $839 million or $1.15 per diluted share on net sales of $7.7 billion. Excluding special items, full year 2023 earnings totaled $749 million or $1.02 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.7 billion for the year. For the fourth quarter, we reported GAAP earnings of $219 million or $0.30 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Excluding a net after-tax benefit of $98 million for special items, we earned $121 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $321 million. I'll start this morning by thanking our employees for their solid execution and performance in 2023. Through their collective efforts, we delivered industry-leading operating performance, continued to serve our customers and drove meaningful advancements across our multiyear targets. As we enter 2024, we're well positioned to capitalize on improving market conditions and remain focused on driving superior long-term value for our shareholders. As highlighted on Page 19 of our earnings slides, we generated $986 million of adjusted funds available for distribution in 2023. We announced yesterday that our Board of Directors declared a supplemental cash dividend of $0.14 per share. When combined with our quarterly base dividend of $0.76 per share, we're returning total dividends to shareholders of $0.90 per share. Including $125 million of shares repurchased during the year, Weyerhaeuser is returning $783 million of total cash to shareholders based on 2023 results or approximately 80% of 2023 adjusted FAD which is at the high end of our annual target payout range. As summarized on Page 20, upon payment of the supplemental dividend, we will have returned $4.6 billion in total cash to shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchase since the first full year of our new cash framework in 2021. It's worth noting that although our adjusted FAD in 2023 was lower than the last couple of years due to challenging market conditions, we continue to demonstrate that our cash return framework is both sustainable and appropriate for the company's portfolio and the cash flow that we generate from our businesses across market cycles. Notably, we increased our base dividend by 5.6% in 2023 and returned additional cash through share repurchase in our supplemental dividend. The additional cash was fully funded within our framework and required no balance sheet or portfolio actions to cover our return commitment. And given the design of our framework, we retain 20% to 25% of our adjusted FAD annually, all of which can be utilized as we evaluate future capital allocation levers, including strategic growth opportunities. We continue to believe this framework is a powerful differentiator, one that enhances our ability to drive long-term shareholder value by returning meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash back to shareholders across a variety of market conditions and also delivers an attractive total dividend yield to our shareholders. Before moving on to business segment results, I'd like to comment briefly on the purchase and sale transactions that we completed in the fourth quarter which included the acquisition of high-quality timberlands in the Carolinas and Mississippi and the divestiture of less strategic acreage in upstate South Carolina. These transactions represent a unique opportunity to further optimize our Southern Timberlands portfolio with high-quality, highly productive acreage that is well integrated with our existing operations. And these transactions were structured in a tax-efficient like-kind exchange, resulting in a net cash inflow of $7 million. The gain was recorded on the sale transaction and reported as a special item in the fourth quarter. As highlighted on Page 22, we're progressing nicely against our target to grow our timberlands portfolio through $1 billion of disciplined investments between 2022 and 2025. To date, we've deployed approximately $530 million towards our goal, including announced acquisitions in Washington, the Carolinas and Mississippi. With that, I'll now turn to fourth quarter business results, starting with Timberlands on Pages 7 through 10 of our earnings slides. Excluding special items, Timberlands contributed $77 million to fourth quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $143 million and results across all Timberlands regions were comparable to the third quarter. Turning to the Western domestic market, log demand and pricing faced downward pressure at the outset of the fourth quarter as mills adjusted to a softening lumber market and worked through elevated log inventories. As the quarter progressed, lumber takeaway improved slightly and log supply decreased seasonally. Despite lower log prices during the quarter, our average domestic sales realizations were slightly higher compared to the third quarter, largely driven by an increased mix of grade logs. Our domestic sales volumes were lower in the fourth quarter as we shifted volume to China to capture higher-margin opportunities. Per unit log and haul costs were moderately higher and forestry and road costs were seasonally lower. Our fee harvest volumes were slightly lower compared to the third quarter. Moving to the Western export business. In Japan, despite ongoing consumption headwinds, inventories of European lumber imports have largely normalized and the Japanese log market returned to a more balanced state in the fourth quarter. As a result, our average sales realizations for export volumes to Japan were comparable to the third quarter. Our Japanese sales volumes were slightly lower in the fourth quarter and continued to be impacted by reduced shipments to a customer that sustained fire damage at one of its sawmills in the third quarter of last year. That said, this customer has implemented plans to recover most of the lost production and we continue to shift volume to other customers in Japan. As a result, we expect to increase our export volumes into the Japanese market in the first quarter. In China, log supply into the region has adjusted to lower consumption levels and the market was largely balanced in the fourth quarter. As a result, our average sales realizations for export volumes to China were comparable to the third quarter. Given steady demand from our Chinese customers, coupled with moderating market conditions in Western domestic market, we significantly increased our sales volumes into China in the fourth quarter. Turning to the South. Southern sawlog and fiber markets softened slightly in the fourth quarter, largely in response to ample log supply, elevated mill inventories and reduced demand for finished goods. Despite these market dynamics, demand for our logs remained steady, given our delivered programs across the region. As a result, our average sales realizations and fee harvest volumes were comparable to the third quarter. Per unit log and haul costs were also comparable and forestry and road costs were seasonally lower. Turning now to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources on Pages 11 and 12. For the full year, Real Estate and ENR generated $320 million of adjusted EBITDA, slightly higher than our revised full year guidance. In the fourth quarter, the segment contributed $50 million to earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $67 million, a $27 million decrease compared to the third quarter, largely driven by the timing and mix of properties sold. Average price per acre increased from the prior quarter and remains elevated compared to historical levels as we continue to see stable interest from buyers for HBU properties, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. I'll now make a few comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business. As shown on Page 23, our full year adjusted EBITDA was $47 million. This represents a 9% increase compared to 2022 and a 114% increase since the inception of this business in 2020. For 2023, we achieved solid contributions from conservation, mitigation banking and renewables and demand for these businesses continues to grow. In addition, we achieved notable milestones in our forest carbon business in 2023, including the approval of our pilot project in Maine and the monetization of the initial credits from this project. These credits were sold in the fourth quarter at a strong price and demonstrate our commitment to offering only the highest quality credits to the market. Looking forward, we expect the new issuance of credits from our Maine project later this year. Further, we're developing additional forest carbon projects within our U.S. timberlands. We anticipate receiving approval on 2 projects in the U.S. South in early '24 and intend to monetize additional credits in the voluntary market this year. Turning to our carbon capture and sequestration business. We continue to see solid progress being made on the projects we've announced with Oxy Low Carbon Ventures and Exxon and both are expected to be online in late 2025 or 2026. Moving forward, we continue to advance discussions with high-quality CCS developers on portions of our Southern U.S. acreage and expect to announce additional agreements in the future. As we look back over the last several years, I'm extremely proud of the progress that we've made in our Natural Climate Solutions business and the leadership we've demonstrated along the way. We were the first company in our space to embark on this journey in a comprehensive manner and had delivered notable accomplishments across all of our NCS businesses. And in the process, we built a world-class team with deep technical expertise and a strong commercial focus. We've laid the foundation to develop and advance our NCS offerings in-house, allowing Weyerhaeuser to capture the vast majority of the economics associated with these opportunities. And we've quickly established a peer-leading position in emerging carbon markets. As we think about the future, we remain focused on growing our NCS business to $100 million of EBITDA by year-end 2025 and we see significant future upside as markets continue to develop, particularly in carbon and renewables. And with the work we've already completed and the prospects of advancing NCS across our expansive timberland holdings, we have a lot of conviction that there is no company in this space with the capabilities or asset base to deliver on this value creation opportunity at scale like Weyerhaeuser. So now moving on to Wood Products on Pages 13 through 15. Wood Products contributed $105 million to earnings before special items in the fourth quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $159 million, a 52% reduction from the third quarter, largely driven by lower commodity pricing. Starting with lumber. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was a $34 million loss. Weaker product pricing was the primary driver as the framing lumber composite posted its lowest quarterly average in a number of years. Our average sales realizations decreased 14% compared to the third quarter. This was driven by cautious buyer sentiment and ample lumber supply in the North American market. That said, buyer sentiment and product pricing started to improve toward the end of the year, following stronger-than-expected housing starts data and positive signals from the Fed on the trajectory of interest rates. Our fourth quarter performance was further impacted by a decrease in production levels which resulted in lower sales volumes and higher unit manufacturing costs. This was largely driven by a combination of taking additional holiday downtime at our Pacific Northwest mills, a period of downtime at our mill in British Columbia and operating challenges at certain facilities. Market conditions were particularly challenging in the Northwest in the fourth quarter, given the more rapid decline in lumber pricing compared to log prices. As we enter 2024, market conditions are starting to improve and we expect stronger performance from our lumber business in the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for OSB was $73 million, a decrease of $45 million compared to the third quarter, primarily due to lower product pricing. Benchmark pricing for OSB began the quarter on a downward trajectory but stabilized by the end of October and increased through year-end. This improvement was largely driven by lean inventories, supply limitations and a resilient demand from new home construction activity. As a result, our OSB pricing exited the quarter at a higher level than where we entered. However, our fourth quarter average realizations decreased by 17% compared to the prior quarter. Our sales volumes and fiber costs were comparable to the third quarter and unit manufacturing costs were moderately lower. Engineered Wood Products delivered $104 million of adjusted EBITDA, a decrease of $21 million compared to the third quarter. Sales realizations for most products decreased slightly as supply and demand continue to rebalance in certain markets. I would note, however, that pricing remains quite healthy on a historical basis. Sales volumes were lower for most products compared to the third quarter, driven by seasonally lower demand and improving supply across the EWP market. Unit manufacturing costs were slightly lower in the fourth quarter and raw material costs increased primarily for OSB web stock. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased $15 million compared to the third quarter, largely driven by a decrease in commodity realizations and seasonally lower sales volumes. With that, I'll turn the call over to Davie to discuss some financial items and our first quarter and 2024 outlook.
David Wold: Thank you, Devin and good morning, everyone. I'll be covering key financial items and fourth quarter financial performance before moving into our first quarter and full year 2024 outlook. I'll begin with key financial items which are summarized on Page 17. We generated $288 million of cash from operations in the fourth quarter, bringing our total for the year to more than $1.4 billion. As Devin mentioned, we are returning $783 million to shareholders based on 2023 results which includes $125 million of share repurchases. Fourth quarter share repurchase activity totaled $15 million and we have now completed approximately $750 million of activity under our $1 billion share repurchase authorization. Entering 2024, we will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with approximately $1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents, of which $102 million is earmarked for the supplemental dividend we announced yesterday that will be paid in February. In December, we repaid our $860 million, 5.2% private note at maturity and also closed on a 5-year $250 million variable rate term loan. This completes a series of transactions over the course of the year, along with our $750 million bond issuance in May to refinance approximately $1 billion of debt. We ended the year with gross debt of $5.1 billion, consistent with our total as of the prior year-end and we have no further debt maturities until 2025. Fourth quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 16. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment increased by $8 million compared to the third quarter. This increase was primarily attributable to changes in intersegment profit elimination and LIFO. Key outlook items for the first quarter and full year 2024 are presented on Pages 24 and 25. In our Timberlands business, we expect first quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA to be comparable to the fourth quarter of 2023. Turning to our Western Timberlands operations, we expect steady log demand in the domestic market in the first quarter as mills respond to seasonally lower log supply and the prospect of improving lumber takeaway ahead of the spring building season. Given this dynamic, we expect higher domestic sales volumes compared to the fourth quarter. That said, we anticipate a slight decrease in our overall and our average domestic sales realizations largely driven by a lower mix of grade logs. Absent weather-related disruptions, we expect our fee harvest volumes to be moderately higher in the first quarter. Per unit log and haul costs are expected to be significantly lower as we make the seasonal transition to lower elevation and lower-cost harvest operations. And forestry and road costs are expected to be moderately lower due to the seasonal nature of these activities. Moving to the export markets, starting with Japan. As Devin mentioned, we expect to deliver higher sales volumes into the Japanese market in the first quarter. This is largely in response to measures taken by one of our customers to increase production following a fire at their sawmill in the third quarter of last year. With a more balanced Japanese log market and improving conditions in the Western domestic market, we anticipate slightly higher average sales realizations for our export logs into Japan in the first quarter. In China, log demand is expected to moderate in the first quarter in response to reduced consumption during the Lunar New Year holiday. Given this dynamic, coupled with improving Western domestic market conditions, we expect to significantly decrease our sales volumes into China during the quarter. Our average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. Turning to the South. Despite ample log inventories, Southern log markets are expected to be fairly stable in the first quarter as mills respond to a seasonal reduction in log supply and the prospect of increased demand for finished goods. As a result, we expect our average sales realizations to be comparable to the fourth quarter. Our fee harvest volumes and forestry and road costs are expected to be moderately lower due to wet weather conditions that are typical in the first quarter and we anticipate comparable per unit log and haul costs. In the North, our fee harvest volumes are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter and we anticipate moderately higher sales realizations due to mix. Turning to our full year harvest plan. For 2024, we expect total company fee harvest volumes to increase to approximately 35.5 million tons, with all regions delivering slightly higher volumes compared to 2023 levels. Moving to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We anticipate steady demand for our real estate properties in 2024 and continue to expect a consistent flow of transactions with significant premiums to timber value. In our Natural Climate Solutions business, we anticipate a significant increase in EBITDA in 2024 as we continue to advance toward our $100 million target. For the segment, we expect full year 2024 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $320 million. Basis as a percentage of real estate sales is expected to be approximately 35% to 45% for the year. First quarter earnings are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter of 2023, while adjusted EBITDA is expected to be approximately $15 million higher primarily due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. Turning to our Wood Products segment. Benchmark prices for lumber and OSB have increased from lower levels in the fourth quarter but have remained fairly stable over the last several weeks. As the quarter progresses, we expect improving market conditions and demand for both products heading into the spring building season. Excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB, we expect first quarter adjusted EBITDA and earnings before special items to be slightly higher compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. For our lumber business, we expect higher production and sales volumes in the first quarter and moderately lower unit manufacturing costs as operating conditions improve. Log costs are expected to be slightly lower, primarily in Canada. For our oriented strand board business, we anticipate sales volumes to be moderately higher compared to the fourth quarter with slightly lower unit manufacturing costs. Fiber costs are expected to be slightly higher in the first quarter. As shown on Page 26, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber and OSB are slightly higher than the fourth quarter averages. Turning to our Engineered Wood Products business. We expect improving demand heading into the spring building season. As a result, we anticipate moderately higher sales volumes in the first quarter, primarily for solid section products. Our average sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower for most products as previously determined price adjustments take effect in certain markets. Raw material costs are expected to be slightly lower compared to the fourth quarter. For our distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be higher compared to the fourth quarter, primarily driven by an increase in commodity realizations and higher sales volumes. I'll wrap up with some additional full year outlook items highlighted on Page 25. Our full year 2023 interest expense was $280 million. For full year 2024, we expect interest expense will be approximately $275 million. Turning to taxes, our full year 2023 effective tax rate was approximately 12%, excluding special items. For first quarter and full year 2024, we expect our effective tax rate will be between 13% and 16% before special items based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. For cash taxes, we paid $63 million for full year 2023 which was lower than our tax expense, excluding special items due to the timing of U.S. and Canadian tax payments. We expect our 2024 cash taxes will be comparable to our overall tax expense. For pension and post-employment plans, our noncash, non-operating pension and post-employment expense was $45 million in 2023. For 2024, we expect this expense will be comparable to 2023. Cash paid for pension and post-employment plans in 2023 was $20 million. In 2024, we do not anticipate any cash contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan and our required cash payments for all other plans will be approximately $20 million. Turning now to capital expenditures. Our full year 2023 capital investments totaled $440 million plus $7 million of capitalized interest. We expect total capital for 2024 will be comparable at approximately $440 million which includes: $115 million for Timberlands, inclusive of reforestation costs; $310 million for Wood Products; and $15 million for planned corporate IT system investments. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets and touch briefly on our multiyear targets. Starting with housing. Despite elevated mortgage interest rates for most of the year, the housing market remained resilient in 2023, particularly in the single-family segment. This was supported by a limited inventory of existing homes on the market, combined with the homebuilder's ability to offer mortgage rate buydowns and other incentives and underpinned by a strong overall demand for housing. Given the tailwinds from last year, along with improving mortgage rates and a more favorable macro environment, our outlook for single-family housing demand in 2024 is more optimistic relative to this time last year. And that aligns with what we are hearing from our homebuilder customers. We are, however, somewhat less optimistic about the multifamily segment in the near term, largely driven by the recent and upcoming influx of multifamily units entering the market. As a reminder, single-family construction is a much more important demand driver for our business than multifamily. All in all, we're more positive on the housing setup for 2024 and believe we should see an uptick in demand for our products. And our longer-term view on housing fundamentals continues to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbuilt housing stock. Turning to repair and remodel. Activity in the fourth quarter remained steady and barring significant weather disruptions, we expect a similar level of repair and remodel demand in the first quarter. As for 2024, we believe the underlying demand fundamentals are incrementally more positive compared to last year, supported by otherwise prospective homebuyers choosing to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home and a higher mortgage rate environment, combined with a healthier economy. And based on recent trends, we think activity will be more heavily weighted toward the Pro segment versus DIY. Looking beyond 2024, most of the key drivers supporting healthy repair and remodel demand remain intact, including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock. Finally, I'd like to provide an update on the progress we've made against the multiyear targets we announced during our Investor Day in September of 2021. As highlighted on Slide 21, we've made notable advancements on all fronts. Starting with our portfolio, we've more than -- we're more than halfway to our $1 billion Timberlands growth target and we've increased Natural Climate Solutions EBITDA by 114% since the inception of that business. In terms of our operating performance, we've made progress against all of our OpEx priorities and have captured $77 million of margin improvements over the last 2 years. Additionally, through the third quarter of 2023, we delivered peer-leading EBITDA margins across all of our Wood Products businesses and are number one in EBITDA per acre in Western Timberlands. On the ESG front, we're making progress on reducing our greenhouse gas emissions and have committed to net zero emissions by 2040. And finally, we continue to demonstrate our ongoing commitment to disciplined capital allocation by increasing our quarterly dividend by more than 5% annually and returning nearly $4.6 billion of cash to shareholders based on our results from 2021 through 2023. We're incredibly proud of these accomplishments, all of which have made Weyerhaeuser a stronger and more valuable company. Looking forward, we remain committed to driving continued improvements across each of these areas and are well positioned to achieve our strategic targets by year-end 2025. So in closing, our performance in 2023 reflects solid execution across our businesses. As we enter 2024, we're encouraged by resiliency in the housing market and maintain a favorable long-term outlook for the demand fundamentals that will drive growth for our businesses. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong and we remain focused on serving our customers and driving long-term value for shareholders through our unrivaled portfolio, industry-leading performance, strong ESG foundation and disciplined capital allocation. So with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Just start with the outline that you gave, framing the housing outlook for this year was helpful. And when you think about Weyerhaeuser's positioning relative to that, can you talk about the ability to ramp your production across the different product categories? Where do you think you're sort of best able to really capture the benefits of that lift, especially perhaps if some of the R&R activity comes back this year? And then any thoughts on the channel inventories across the different products and how they're positioned going into the spring?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I'll start with the first question and sort of go product by product. On the lumber side, that's the business where we have the most flexibility to increase production. And I would say just as a baseline, we would expect to see a pretty significant increase in our production levels in 2024 as we've made a lot of capital investments over the last several years that are really starting to come to fruition. But we do have some upside there. Lumber is one of those areas where you can add shifts, you can add some overtime to take advantage of strong markets when those present themselves. OSB, it's a little bit more difficult. Those operations typically run 24/7 already, so there's really not a whole lot of flex on the OSB side. I would say on the EWP side, there's a little bit of flexibility but those typically have an operating posture where you just don't have as much slack in the system. So really, for the most part, it's going to be lumber and, to a large extent, distribution as well is another area where you can take advantage of strong markets. On the inventory and the channel question, I would say lumber inventory right now is still pretty lean across the system. OSB, I would say, is more or less normal for this time of year. Before the weather events, I would say that the South maybe on the OSB side was a little leaner than normal but otherwise mostly balanced across the system. And then on EWP, I'd say it's about normal for this time of year.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's helpful. And then you mentioned the $77 million of OpEx that you have realized in the last 2 years. As you think about 2024, any thoughts on some of the initiatives you'll be focused on, perhaps areas that you are planning to do certain initiatives in? Can you just give us some color on that?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, just a quick note on that $77 million. Given the inflationary backdrop that we've been operating in over the last several years, that's really a remarkable number. And as we think about rolling into 2024, a lot of the initiatives are the same ones we've been working on. It's reliability in the Wood Products business, taking advantage of all of those capital projects and just the operating improvements. It's looking for opportunities to improve recovery, to make sure that you're capturing the full value of the raw materials entering the mill set. We're continuing to work on innovation across the system all throughout Wood Products and I think that's going to start really delivering some value. On the Timberlands side, it's continuing to look for ways to reduce our log and haul costs, improve how we build roads, really just across the whole system, looking for opportunities to take cost out of the system and improve efficiency and reliability. So it's a lot of the same things that we've been working on for a long time. I think the good news is that OpEx is deeply ingrained in the culture. We have a lot of buy-in all up and down the organization and we're going to stay really focused. And assuming that we're going to be in an environment this year with inflation where it's back to a more normalized level, I think we'll see an uptick in the OpEx that we deliver this year relative to the last couple.
Susan Maklari: That's great. And good luck with everything.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos, Bank of America.
George Staphos: Congratulations on the year overall. My two questions, I wanted to maybe piggyback, it's a good segue from Susan's question. So certainly, there's been a lot of progress in Wood Products and in lumber in particular, over the years through black at the bottom. Yet it was interesting that, in fact, lumber did have a bit of a loss here in the fourth quarter. Obviously, at pricing headwinds, you had some seasonality, yet there are some other issues as well in terms of maybe some additional downtime relative to normal. But tell us how you think about maybe the need to go back to black at the bottom and see if there's a need for more significant work, given what you said to Susan's question about the fact there's been more inflation. How should we think about that, Devin?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Good question. George, candidly, Q4 was a very challenging quarter in the lumber markets. The product pricing, really the key driver when you see prices going back to the lowest levels in several years, combined with log prices really not going down nearly as much, that just creates a very challenging operating environment. I think as we look at black at the bottom, we think about that not just on a quarterly basis but really over a year-long period. And even in what was a more challenging environment last year, we're obviously still profitable in lumber. That all being said, we're never satisfied. And I do think one of the things you'll see in 2024 is we're going to really ramp up the OpEx in really not just in lumber, across Wood Products as we're facing less headwinds from labor inflation, supplies and equipment inflation. Ordinarily, we can more than offset that through our OpEx work. This last year was just a little bit more challenging. So I expect to see more traction on that front. And then the other thing is we've been doing a lot of work around CapEx over the last several years. And I think in '24, you're going to see some of that result. Holden will be up and fully running this year. We've had a number of other capital projects underway that I think you're going to see the benefits of this year. So we feel pretty good about where we are, notwithstanding a difficult Q4. As we look across the industry and the cost curve, I still think we're in pretty good shape there. You've been around lumber for a long time, George. From time to time, you see these moments in time where the pricing dips below what's probably reasonable. It will eventually recover and we think we're on that path here even just as we head into Q1. But we're never satisfied. We're going to keep pushing. We want to be industry-leading from a cost standpoint, from a production standpoint, from an efficiency standpoint and we're not going to stop until we're there.
George Staphos: Appreciate the thoughts on that, Devin and certainly, we'll look to mark the progress. My other question, again, is on the lumber side but in this case, EWP and Engineered Product. So can you talk about why you're seeing, I guess, realization is flat to down? I don't want to paraphrase poorly but that was my take on your commentary, looking out into 1Q. I realize it's a regional market, you get sometimes some imbalances but what's your view on the year relative to supply-demand, your operating stance and how that will translate overall into commercial realizations?
Devin Stockfish: Sure, George. On the realization side, as we look at the EWP market, unlike OSB and lumber which price minute to minute, EWP pricing actions typically have a lag. And so as much as anything, Q1, the commentary on realizations is just over the course of 2023, as that market was rebalancing, there were a variety of different price actions in different geographies. And so Q1 is really when those are hitting in full. The EWP market as a whole, I think, is still pretty solid. Pricing overall, if you look back on a historical basis, is still very strong. As we look into '24, we're getting some pretty strong optimistic signals from our builder customers. And so we're expecting steady demand. Pricing is always just a reflection in each individual market of what the supply-demand dynamic looks like. But in a stronger housing environment with what we expect to be mortgage rates continuing to come down, we think the setup for EWP is good. And to the extent that, that market really develops and picks up, we'll be in good shape from an EWP standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Looking at the market for Timberlands, when you look back at 2023, can you talk about maybe what kind of price appreciation trends you saw in the market maybe on average for good quality Southern Timberlands and the volume of transactions that you saw? And then as we start out the year here, any kind of further comments on just how you see the market in terms of availability of timberlands, who you're competing with for some of these transactions? Or has there been any sort of change there?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, when we look back at 2023, I think the year as a whole is pretty typical in terms of transaction volume, somewhere in that $2.5 billion mark. Last year was a little bit more heavily weighted to the back half of the year. We saw more activity as we got towards the end of 2023. In terms of the overall appreciation, you can look back just really over the last several years. It wasn't that long ago were $2,000 an acre for good timberlands in the South was pretty typical. Those values have increased pretty substantially. We've seen examples of really high-quality timberlands in the South going as much as $4,000 an acre and it's not atypical to see above-average properties going in the high-two’s [ph]. So we've seen a pretty strong value appreciation in U.S. Southern Timberlands prices. Same thing for the West, I would say, just as an example. As we think about 2024, still very early in the year. There aren't a whole lot of transactions in the market right now. That's not unusual in January. But as we think about the year as a whole, we're expecting a pretty typical year, anywhere between $2 billion and $3 billion of transaction value for the year. I would expect those deals to continue to be very competitive. Still seems to be a lot of interest in this asset class. And in terms of who we're going to be competing for deals, it's going to, I'm sure, be the same cast of characters. The TMOs will be active, the timber REITs, I assume, will be into some of those deals, maybe not quite as much, given some of the announcements from some of our competitors but I suspect they'll still be having their toe in the water to some extent. But then I think you're also going to continue to see some of these new entrants, some of the alternative entities that are looking for carbon values or others that haven't historically been active. So we're expecting it to continue to be competitive. We'll be very active as we have been over a number of years. We'll continue to look for opportunities to improve the value of our asset but at the same time being disciplined to make sure that we pay the right price for those assets.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then just shifting gears to Wood Products. In the Pacific Northwest, I think recently, you had a competitor that closed a sawmill in Oregon. And they expressed concerns around potentially restricted policies on harvests on state forest. And I'm just curious, I mean, does that have any impact on the market or your business maybe not directly but just in terms of availability of contractors, competitive dynamics? I'm just curious if there's any read-through there.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, the reference there from that mill closure was with respect to some new regulations in Oregon that came into full implementation on January 1 of this year. And the reality is Oregon was already a very tensioned wood basket and with these new regulations which I'll say just by the way, these regulations are really just bringing Oregon closer to the regulations in Washington. So it's -- we've done business in Washington for a long time under those regulations and we'll be just fine under these new regulations. But the reality is it's going to make Oregon somewhat more tensioned than it already was. And so fiber supply will be challenged for certain participants depending on the geography. For Weyerhaeuser, we're in a beneficial position in that we have our own fee timberlands. And so I don't anticipate any issues with fiber availability for our mills. But it may ultimately push the price of logs up in that market as there's less timber supply across the stable manufacturing base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson.
Kurt Yinger: I just had 1 question. Can you maybe talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in terms of European lumber imports over the second half of the year? And in addition to that, we've heard at least that there's been a growing amount of imported LVL showing up as well. How are you thinking about that potentially impacting the EWP market in '24 and longer term, I guess, the potential that European competitors could try to, I guess, become bigger participants in the domestic market here?
Devin Stockfish: Well, with respect to your first question on European lumber, we certainly saw that come down over the back half of 2023. I think that's a reflection of primarily lumber prices and just the all-in cost to get lumber from Europe to the U.S. relative to the pricing dynamic. It just didn't make a lot of sense. So that certainly came down over the course of '23. On a go-forward basis, as we think about lumber, European lumber coming into the market, a couple of things I would point out. First of all, one of the things that was making that trip a little easier is with all of the salvage activity in Central Europe from the beetle infestation, they were getting very, very cheap logs. That salvage activity is starting to wind down. And certainly, we've seen that in terms of the fewer logs going into China from Europe from salvage and we've heard anecdotally a lot of the salvageable -- economically salvageable wood is working through. So there won't be as much cheap fiber to compete in this market. And then over the longer term, given that beetle infestation, the loss of Russian lumber into that market, at some point, the European economy will improve and the domestic demand for European lumber will improve. And I think you'll see more of that number staying in that market over the long term. With respect to your question about LVL, I think that anecdotally, I think that's true around the margins. You are seeing more of that coming into the U.S. I still think it's more or less a rounding error at this point. For us, in the market that we participate in on the EWP space, it comes with a heavy service component and there's a customer service aspect that we're able to provide to our customers that one of the reasons is why Joist is such a respected brand. It's not just the quality but the service component. And I think that will be hard for people that are importing a small amount of LVL to compete with. So it's something we'll watch but I'm not overly concerned about it at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew McKellar with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew McKellar: First would be now that you're through monetizing your initial forest carbon credits for the pilot project in Maine, could you maybe share any key lessons learned through undertaking that first project? And talk to how you intend to apply those to the projects you're developing in the U.S. South and elsewhere over the next couple of years.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, we certainly learned some things going through that project. That's why we called it a pilot project. I think the key things from my standpoint are number one and we certainly saw this, I think, in the price that we were able to get with these initial carbon credits, quality matters. And so we put in the time upfront to build out the internal team and expertise to do these things right. And I think that will certainly serve us well. These are complicated. And so again, that expertise to be able to navigate the -- both the development but also the interactions with the third-party auditors and the ACR, that process, having people that really know what they're doing serves you well and makes it more efficient. And I think we've learned a number of things that will make that process go much more quickly going forward. I do think there's still an opportunity to build out some of the infrastructure, particularly around third-party auditors for the amount of carbon credits that we expect to be coming to market in the years to come. We're going to need more infrastructure to ensure that, that can be done efficiently. But the good news is, as we get through this project, if you bring quality projects to the market, we think there's a lot of demand. And so we're really pleased with where we are. We're building out the pipeline. Two projects we expect to get approved in the first half. We've got 2 or 3 more in the pipeline. We expect to be monetizing additional credits this year and those just continue to build. Each project you get layers on top of the prior ones and you build out a nice revenue stream over time. So I think we're really well positioned and in good shape heading into 2024.
Matthew McKellar: Great. And maybe next, has there been any change at all in your confidence level or appetite around the target of acquiring that $1 billion in timberlands by 2025? It looks like you included your transaction, the Carolinas and Mississippi with FIA towards that target but that did come with a net cash inflow. So just wondering if there's any change in your thinking even at the margin around being a net acquirer of timberlands with the view that prices should rise over time.
Devin Stockfish: No. We still have a high degree of conviction about the value of timberlands over time and our ability to generate strong returns off of that asset. So just a reminder, that $1 billion was really just a reflection of year-over-year through our programmatic M&A activities, we think we will, on average, bring in about $250 million of acquisitions. So there's no magic to that $1 billion. We're going to continue to buy timberlands today, tomorrow, years from now. That's just our core business. We're also always going to be optimizing. And so from time to time, you'll see us trim the portfolio here and there. I think this FIA transaction was a great example of that. We picked up some really strong mature timber that's going to generate nice cash flow close to our other operations, close to our mills, opportunities to create synergies there and divested some land which was fine land. It was just -- it was a little bit more scattered in upstate South Carolina, wasn't near other operations, so just weren't able to provide some of the synergies that we can provide in other places. So those kinds of transactions will happen from time to time. It's pretty unique to be able to do those buy-sell transactions concurrently. When you find those opportunities, we're certainly happy to entertain those. But on balance, we still expect to be a net acquirer over time because we think the value of timberlands is going up and we think we do a good job running them and continue to generate returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Michael Roxland: Congrats on the year. Just 1 quick question on EWP. I just want to get some color on order files and how extended they may be into 1Q, particularly as you mentioned, Devin, that those filters are actively seeking products ahead of the spring construction season. So where do order files stand at present? And can you comment on where your EWP operating rate was in 4Q? I think you called out a high 70s range in 3Q.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So you're a little fuzzy there. I think you're asking about order files. Across the different product lines, order files are pretty much in the normal range across lumber and OSB for this time of year. EWP, we have brought those down to a more normalized level last year. I think as we started off 2023, we were expecting a softer single-family housing market and so we had dialed back production. It took us a good part of the year to get caught back up. Our order file has extended out quite a bit from much of 2023. But heading into '24, I think we're in a better position which will be, I think, appreciated by our customers. As we look at operating rates in Q4 for EWP, we were in the low 80s in terms of operating rates for EWP and we'll be up somewhat as we look to Q1 2024.
Michael Roxland: Appreciate that. And this even for the order files, I mean, how far do they extend in 1Q thus far? Is it February, March? I mean, how many weeks out do they extend, particularly given -- can you comment around the strong interest from the builders?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, it's product dependent but it can range anywhere from 3 weeks to 5 weeks is pretty much in that normal range and that's kind of where we're sitting right now.
Michael Roxland: Perfect. And then just one quick question on Timberland, especially on pulpwood. I want to get your thoughts around mill closures, line closures that happened in terms of number of containerboard mills have closed, the number of pulp lines have been taken offline permanently. You have Enviva going through a restructuring. So would love to get your thoughts on pulpwood demand, obviously plus valuable inflection but nevertheless, it helps with shorter retention, helps with near-term cash flow. So how do you think about rotations, harvest planning and the like, given the changing end market dynamics?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's a great question. We've seen over the last several years, generally speaking, the pulpwood market has been somewhat in decline. We've seen a lot of mill closures over the years, as you say. Just even recently, we've had a handful of either full mill closures or line closures and that's created some challenge, broadly speaking, in the pulpwood market. I would say for us, because of our scale, we generally have pretty strong relationships with the big consumers of pulpwood. That's true across the pulp and paper manufacturers. That's true across the pellet manufacturers. And so as a general matter, we're typically able to move our volume. But obviously, the pricing dynamic is impacted with less demand overall, so it's something that we're certainly watching. As we think about silviculture, one of the fundamental tenets of how we think about that over the long term is to make sure that we have optionality out into the future. And so as we think about how many trees per acre, our thinning regimes, all of those things, they contemplate a future where we either need more or less grade fiber, et cetera. So we try to preserve as much flexibility out into the future as we can. All of that being said, I would note on the pulpwood market, we're continuing to look -- we, Weyerhaeuser, are continuing to look for opportunities to move that volume. We're having conversations with parties in Asia about potential, either pellet or pulpwood type opportunities, for export. I think there may, in the not-too-distant future, be opportunities for biofuels, sustainable aviation fuels that could tension up some of those markets as well. And so our business development team is very focused on that. And we'll make sure that we, Weyerhaeuser, are able to move our pulpwood volume over time.
Michael Roxland: And good luck in the year.
Operator: Our final question is from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets.
Ketan Mamtora: Devin or Davie, can you talk a little bit about maybe just a couple of key projects that you have in Wood Products from a CapEx standpoint?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, so I'll start with Holden. That's our latest mill rebuild brownfield project. That's coming along nicely. We started up the planer mill in Q4. We're ramping up production. We feel very good about that project. The beauty about Holden is it's going to be a phenomenal world-class mill that's completely surrounded by our fee timberlands. So a lot of synergies there and we're excited to see that fully ramp up this year. Beyond that, our program is really just, it's projects that we've already done in other places. So it's nothing super sexy. It's adding CDKs, it's adding new merchandisers, trim store stackers, gang saws. Really, the way that program is developed is every mill has a 5-year road map on how to get from where we are today to world-class. And each individual mill may have different things that are bottlenecks that they need to fix and solve to get to that point. So it's nothing really remarkable. It's just continuing to do what we have been doing, executing well and making sure we do those projects on time, on budget and that's really the essence of our capital plan and has been, for the most part, for a number of years.
Ketan Mamtora: Understood. That's helpful. And then just 1 more question around capital allocation, Devin. As you sort of look to 2024 and beyond, I mean, it's been for a couple of years that you are on this sort of the new approach to capital allocation. Any sort of update around how you guys are thinking about supplemental dividend versus share repurchases? And sort of as you look at the different options, sort of how do you think about one over the other?
David Wold: Sure. You bet, Ketan. I think we really have looked at that consistently over the last few years and I really don't see that changing substantially as we move forward. I would just say we're in a very fortunate position. We have a lot of levers, so that includes M&A, investing in the business, paying down debt, base, variable dividend payments, among others. We're constantly evaluating those views on capital allocation but those factors are dynamic. So it's something we always need to be watching. To your point, our capital allocation framework starts with that commitment to return 75% to 80% of our adjusted FAD back to shareholders via the base, the supplemental. And we do have the flexibility with our framework to use share repurchase as we've done over the last few years. So that portion is really earmarked for returning cash back to shareholders. And with the remaining adjusted FAD, we can allocate that across other opportunities. So as we move forward, I would expect we're likely going to be allocating most of that amount that we have on our balance sheet here in the near term to timberland acquisitions as part of our previously announced plan to purchase $1 billion of timberlands over the next few years. But that said, we do have the flexibility within our capital allocation approach to deploy those cash across the options when we see an opportunity to create value for shareholders.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: Terrific. Well, thanks everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor. You may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2023 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. As forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Davie Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $239 million or $0.33 per diluted share, a net sales of $2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $509 million, a 9% increase from the second quarter. These are solid results and I'm proud of the performance delivered by our teams during the quarter. Turning now to our third quarter business results, starting with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $78 million to third quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $143 million, a $29 million decrease compared to the second quarter, largely driven by lower sales volumes in our Western and Southern operations, and lower average sales realizations for Western export volumes. In the West, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $22 million, compared to the second quarter. Turning to the Western domestic market, log supply was ample in the third quarter as the typical seasonal influx of logs from nontraditional timber owners came to market. Despite this dynamic, domestic log markets remained fairly balanced as mills maintain steady demand, driven by higher pricing and takeaway of lumber early in the quarter, and mills building log inventories to mitigate potential supply risks and the peak wildfire season. Our average domestic sales realizations were comparable to the prior quarter. As expected, during the warmer and drier months, we transitioned to higher elevations [ph], and lower productivity harvest operations. Additionally, although wildfire activity was limited on our Timberlands, dry conditions across the Pacific Northwest resulted in harvest restrictions in certain areas. As a result, our fee harvest and domestic sales volumes were moderately lower compared to the second quarter. Our forestry and road costs were seasonally higher, and per unit log and haul costs were lower. Moving to our Western Export business. In Japan, elevated inventories of European lumber imports and reduced consumption continue to weigh on the Japanese log market. That said, our average sales realizations for export volumes to Japan were comparable to the second quarter, largely driven by stable log pricing in the western domestic market. Our Japanese sales volumes decreased in the third quarter. This was partially due to reduced shipments to a customer that sustained fire damage at one of its sawmills during the quarter. While the mill is being rebuilt, our customer is in the process of adding shifts and production at different facilities and expects to recover most of the lost production from the damaged operations. It will likely take several quarters for this customer to ramp up the additional production. As a result, we're expecting lower shipments to Japan over the next several quarters. During this period, we expect to ship volume to other customers in Japan and the Western domestic market. In China, despite steady decreases in log inventories at the ports and reduction in log supply, the Chinese log market continued to be impacted by reduced consumption in the third quarter. As a result, our average sales realizations for export volumes to China decreased moderately compared to the second quarter. While demand for our logs continues to be steady, our sales volumes were significantly lower, as we intentionally flex logs to the domestic market to capture higher margin opportunities. Turning to the South. Adjusted EBITDA for Southern Timberlands decreased by $6 million, compared to the second quarter. Southern sawlog markets moderated slightly in the third quarter, and fiber markets continued to soften, largely in response to elevated mill inventories, a seasonal increase in log supply and reduced demand for finished goods, particularly for pulp and paper products. As a result, our average sales realizations decreased slightly compared to the second quarter. Despite these market dynamics, demand for our logs remain steady given our delivered programs across the region. However, certain geographies did experience wetter than normal conditions at the outset of the quarter, resulting in moderately lower fee harvest volumes compared to the second quarter. Per unit log and haul costs were comparable and forestry and road costs were seasonally higher. In the North, adjusted EBITDA increased slightly compared to the second quarter, due to significantly higher sales volumes resulting from a seasonal increase in harvest activity that is typical in the third quarter. Our sales realizations were moderately lowered due to Mix. Turning now to real estate, energy and natural resources on Pages 10 and 11. Real estate and ENR contributed $56 million to third quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $94 million, a $24 million increase compared to the second quarter, largely driven by the timing and mix of property sold. Average price per acre decreased compared to the second quarter, but remains elevated compared to historical levels as we continue to benefit from healthy demand for HBU properties, resulting in high value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. I'll now make a few comments on an exciting third quarter achievement in our Natural Climate Solutions Business. I'm pleased to report that we received approval from ACR for our first forest carbon credits in Maine. The project covers approximately 50,000 acres, has an initial issuance of nearly 32,000 credits, and is expected to generate 475,000 credits over a 20-year crediting period. I want to thank our team for the exceptional work and diligence and completing this initial project and building the foundation to scale this business as the market continues to mature. Our goal is to develop and bring to market forest carbon projects that generate meaningful carbon additionality with measurable climate benefits. This initial project is an important milestone for Weyerhaeuser and demonstrates our commitment to offering only the highest quality credits. Looking forward, we are developing several additional forest carbon projects within our U.S Timberlands including two in the South slated for approval in the first half of 2024. As we've demonstrated since launching our Natural Climate Solutions business, Weyerhaeuser is uniquely positioned to lead in this space, given our expertise and unmatched Timberlands portfolio. We have established a target to grow this business to $100 million of EBITDA by year-end 2025 and we've made solid progress to date towards that target. And beyond 2025, we see significant upside from Natural Climate Solutions as markets continued to develop, particularly in the carbon and renewables businesses. And from our perspective, there is no other company in this space with the capabilities or asset base to deliver on this value creation opportunity at scale like Weyerhaeuser. Moving to wood products on Pages 12 through 14. Wood Products generated $277 million of earnings in the third quarter and $328 million of adjusted EBITDA. Third quarter EBITDA was a 21% improvement from the second quarter, largely driven by an increase in OSB sales realizations. Before diving into the business results, I would like to take a moment to highlight the operating performance improvements that we've made in our Wood Products segment over the past several years. To illustrate the point, for the first half of 2023, we delivered peer-leading EBITDA margins across all of our wood products, businesses. I'm incredibly proud of the work that our teams have done, and for their unwavering commitment to our operational excellence initiatives, innovation and the successful delivery of our ongoing strategic capital investments. Through these efforts, we've positioned our wood products business to deliver industry leading performance. As we've demonstrated over the last several years, this has allowed our wood products business to generate significant cash flow for Weyerhaeuser. And despite a moderation in product pricing of late, this business remains well-positioned to navigate through a range of market conditions, and will continue to enhance our competitive advantage as a company, one that supports our commitment to returning meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders and enhancing the value of our portfolio over time. Turning now to lumber results. Adjusted EBITDA was $58 million in the third quarter, a 14% increase over the prior quarter. Benchmark pricing for lumber entered the third quarter on an upward trajectory, supported by improving demand, relatively lean inventories and the prospect of supply disruptions following an early start to the wildfire season in Canada. By late July, however, demand had softened as supply concerns dissipated, and buyer sentiment turned more cautious due to ongoing macro economic uncertainty. Despite lean inventories, orders were largely limited to necessity purchases throughout the quarter, and benchmark prices trended lower. For the quarter, our average sales realizations were comparable to the second quarter. Our sales volumes were slightly lower, resulting from reduced production at several mills, partially driven by temporary operating disruptions. Log costs were moderately lower compared to the second quarter and unit manufacturing costs were comparable. Adjusted EBITDA for OSB increased by $81 million compared to the second quarter, primarily due to the increase in commodity pricing. Benchmark pricing for OSB increased sharply at the outset of the third quarter, supported by resilient demand for new home construction activity, lean inventories and supply concerns resulting from annual maintenance outages that are typical in the fall. Pricing remained elevated until mid September and then decreased through quarter end as buyer sentiment turned cautious in response to weaker-than-expected housing starts in August, as well as general concerns about the economy and the prospect of additional supply coming to market. For the quarter, our average sales realizations increased by 39% compared to the second quarter. Our sales volumes were moderately lower in this -- in the quarter. Unit manufacturing costs were slightly higher due to planned downtime for annual maintenance. Fiber costs improved slightly during the quarter. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA was $125 million, a decrease of $19 million compared to the second quarter. Strong demand for EWP products, which are primarily used in single-family home building applications kept most of our EWP products on an extended lead times for the entire third quarter. As a result, our sales volumes increased slightly compared to the second quarter, primarily for solid section products. Our average sales realizations for most products decreased slightly as supply and demand continued to rebalance in certain markets. It's worth noting that our current EWP prices remain above pre-pandemic levels. Unit manufacturing costs were slightly higher in the third quarter, and raw material costs increased primarily for OSB webstock. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA was $31 million in the quarter, a $3 million decrease compared to the second quarter driven by lower EWP realizations in certain markets and lower sales volumes for some products. With that, I'll turn the call over to Davie to discuss some financial items in our fourth quarter outlook.
David Wold: Thanks, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I'll be covering key financial items and third quarter financial performance before moving into our fourth quarter outlook. I'll begin with key financial items which are summarized on Page 16. We generated $523 million of cash from operations in the third quarter, and ended the period with approximately $1.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, which includes amounts raised and are made debt issuance that pre-funded the majority of our 2023 maturities. In July, we used a portion of the debt issuance proceeds to repay $118 million of notes at maturity. Total debt at quarter end was approximately $5.7 billion, including 860 million that matures in December. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $99 million, which is a typical level for the third quarter, and we remain on track to invest approximately $440 million of capital for the full year. We returned $138 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend and remain committed to growing this by 5% annually through 2025. In addition, we returned $25 million to shareholders through share repurchase activity in the third quarter. These shares were repurchased at an average price of $32.67. And as of quarter end, we had completed $733 million of repurchase under our $1 billion authorization. Looking forward, we will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. As highlighted on Page 18, adjusted funds available for distribution for the third quarter totaled $424 million, and we have generated $894 million of adjusted FAD year-to-date. Third quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 15. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment decreased by $13 million, compared to the second quarter. This decrease was primarily attributable to changes in intersegment profit elimination and LIFO. Looking forward, key outlook items for the fourth quarter are presented on Page 19. In our Timberlands business, we expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be comparable to the third quarter of 2023. Turning to our Western Timberland operations, we expect log demand and the domestic market to soften in the fourth quarter, as mills adjust to lower pricing and take away of lumber and work through elevated log inventories. As a result, our domestic sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower compared to the third quarter absent weather related log supply disruptions. Our fee harvest volumes in forestry and road costs are expected to be comparable in the fourth quarter, and per unit log and haul costs are expected to be moderately higher. Moving to the export markets, starting with Japan. As Devin mentioned, we are expecting fewer export shipments into the Japanese market over the next several quarters in response to the operational disruption experienced by one of our customers in the region. As a result, we expect fourth quarter sales volumes to be moderately lower compared to the third quarter. Our Japanese log sales realizations are expected to be slightly higher. In China, log supply into the region has adjusted to lower consumption levels, and the market is trending toward a more balanced state. As a result, we anticipate fairly stable pricing for our logs shipments into China for the balance of the year. For the quarter, our average sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower compared to the third quarter average. Given steady demand for our logs coupled with moderating conditions in the western domestic market, we expect to increase our sales volumes into China in the fourth quarter. In the South, we expect stable log markets in the fourth quarter, as mills maintain healthy log inventories ahead of wetter conditions that are typical in the winter months. As a result, we expect our sales realizations to be comparable to the third quarter. Our fee harvest volumes and per unit log and haul costs are also expected to be comparable, and we anticipate seasonally lower forestry and road costs in the fourth quarter. In the North, our fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly higher compared to the third quarter. We anticipate slightly lower sales realizations due to mix. Turning to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, real estate markets have remained solid year-to-date, and we've capitalized on steady demand in pricing for HBU properties. As a result, we are revising our guidance for full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA to $310 million, an increase of $10 million from prior guidance. We continue to expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be 35% to 40% for the year. For the fourth quarter, we expect earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be lower than the third quarter of 2023 due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. For our Wood Product segment, we expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be moderately lower compared to the third quarter of 2023 excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB. Benchmark prices for lumber and OSB entered the fourth quarter on a downward trajectory resulting from cautious buyer sentiment in response to a seasonal reduction in housing construction activity and ongoing macroeconomic headwinds. However, benchmark prices for OSB have stabilized in the last couple of weeks. As shown on Page 20, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber and OSB are lower than the third quarter averages. For our lumber business, we expect moderately higher sales volumes in the fourth quarter and slightly lower unit manufacturing costs. Log costs are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. For our oriented strand board business, we anticipate sales volumes to be moderately higher compared to the third quarter with slightly lower unit manufacturing costs. Fiber costs are expected to be slightly higher in the fourth quarter. Turning to our Engineered Wood Products business, as Devin mentioned, we continue to see strong demand for EWP products given resilient single-family construction activity year-to-date. As a result, our order files are extended well into the fourth quarter and product pricing is expected to be fairly stable through year-end. For the quarter, our average sales realizations are expected to be lower compared to the prior quarter average. Our sales volumes are expected to be slightly lower, primarily for solid section products resulting from an increase in planned downtime for annual maintenance in the fourth quarter. However, we anticipate an increase in sales volumes for I-Joist products. Raw material costs are expected to be slightly higher compared to the third quarter primarily for OSB Webstock. For our Distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be lower compared to the third quarter, primarily driven by a decrease in commodity realization. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin, and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Our macro view on the housing market is largely unchanged. Although we have seen some recent headwinds in the multifamily segment in response to increasing interest rates. Importantly, however, the single-family segment has remained resilient year-to-date. In fact, despite the elevated mortgage rate environment, single-family starts increased 3% quarter-over-quarter, and new home sales were up in September. As a reminder, single-family construction is a much more important demand driver for our business relative to multifamily. In the near-term, we continue to believe that the underlying housing demand is solid. Even at higher interest rates, we expect single-family demand to hold up reasonably well given the limited inventory of existing homes on the market, combined with the home builders ability to offer mortgage rate buy downs and other incentives. That said, buyer sentiment will continue to be influenced by affordability challenges brought about by increased mortgage rates and elevated home prices, as well as the state of the overall economy. As a result, we continue to anticipate a choppier housing market in the near-term relative to the last couple of years. I will note, however, our long-term view on housing fundamentals continues to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly under built housing stock. Turning to the repair and remodel, market activity remained steady in the third quarter and has held up well year-to-date. Although we're likely to see a seasonal reduction in repair and remodel activity over the winter months, we believe underlying demand fundamentals are solid, supported by prospective homebuyers choosing to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home and a higher mortgage rate environment. And looking beyond 2023, most of the key drivers supporting healthy repair and remodel demand remain intact, including favorable home equity levels and an ageing housing stock. In closing, we delivered solid results across our businesses in the third quarter. We also achieved an important milestone in our natural climate solutions growth program with the approval of our first forest carbon credits and looking ahead, although near-term market conditions have moderated, we remain constructive on the longer term demand fundamentals that support our businesses. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong and we remain focused on maintaining our industry leading operating performance, serving our customers and delivering superior long-term value and returns for our shareholders. With that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the details. I wanted to …
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
George Staphos: Good morning. I wanted to spend the first couple questions on wood. And the first one on EWP, Devin, if you could. So we'd heard as well that lead times in EWP have been extended for you. Do you think you're unique or is the industry operating at that same stance. Has there been any developments specific to Weyerhaeuser on EWP that's led to the extended lead times? Have you been able to pick up share, say, in distribution that in turn has fed into your demand in DWP. Any color there would be helpful. The second question, if we can take a step back and look at your EBITDA trends across the businesses, the last number of years, again, what Weyerhaeuser done on a manufacturing basis has been terrific. Do you still think that you are more or less black at the bottom across your mill system in light of the fact that there's -- certainly there's been a lot of inflation that's occurred in the cost structure, maybe not in fiber, but other areas that you'd have to contend with if we have a deeper downturn. So how would you have us think about those two points?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I'll take EWP first, George. Really, it's a combination of two things, and I'm speaking primarily with respect to Weyerhaeuser and not necessarily other participants in the market. For us, we candidly got a little behind the curve earlier in the year. Remember, back to the beginning of 2023, our view was that single-family housing was going to struggle a little bit in a higher mortgage rate environment. And so we did adjust our operating posture somewhat to reflect what we thought was going to be a softer housing environment. Well, what turned out to be the case was single-family held up remarkably well. And so we have ramped up our production to try to get back on track. But to some extent, that higher level of single-family construction activity combined with us dialing it back a little bit at the first of the year, put us behind a little bit. And so we've been managing through it. I think we're catching up. I will say, even though at this point, we do still have fairly extended lead times, but I think we're making good progress against that. In terms of the question around black at the bottom, there's no question that over the last several years in the inflationary environment that we've seen the underlying cost structure has gone up, not just for us, but I would assume for the entire industry. And what I would say, though, is I still have a high degree of confidence in our black at the bottom approach. We continue to be, in my view, the low-cost producer across all of our business lines. And so even if we do see a more material downturn, I do think we will weather that much better than the rest of the industry, and I would expect us to stay black at the bottom across each of our businesses. Now that being said, there are going to be presumably if we see a material downturn, there will be a few mills that will struggle to stay cash flow positive across the entirety of the year. I'll just highlight the Pacific Northwest and British Columbia, our two markets where it can be challenging. Just primarily because the dynamic in how log costs come down is oftentimes slower than how quickly lumber prices can move. And so we've seen that a few times when you've seen lumber prices move down quickly, typically -- particularly in those markets, the log prices come down a little bit more slowly, which can make the economics challenged for a brief moment in time. But we do still feel confident in black at the bottom. Our organization is focused every day on keeping costs out of the business, improving efficiency and overall driving down our cost structure. And I think that will serve us well across all points in the market, whether times are good or times are a little more challenged.
George Staphos: Thanks, Devin. My last one, and I'll turn it over. If we go to Slide 8 in the upper left hand corner when we look at realizations for the West. And obviously, it's not a new development, it's been occurring. But I guess the question I had is, if we go back to Q2, what your view has been the reason why we've seen this steady erosion in realizations in the West? And in your view, what would be the single biggest factor to reversing that trend if we look out over the next 2 to 4 quarters. Thanks and good luck in the fourth quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Great question. I mean it really comes down to lumber prices. In the Pacific Northwest, the market is very tensioned, and frankly, there are just not enough logs to cover all the demand. So the pricing for logs in the Pacific Northwest is really going to be governed by what happens with lumber prices. And so the mills they will pay up to the point where they can still drive some margin across the mill set, and that's largely going to really support what log costs do. Now the one nuance there is we obviously have an export program to Asia, and that can supplement our realizations. They're tied. There is a correlation between what happens in the domestic log market in Japan and China. And so to the extent that we can get the Japanese market back up, which I think we're trending in that direction just because you've started to see a lot of that European lumber that had built up in Japan work its way through the system. But it ultimately comes back to what's going on with lumber prices in the Northwest.
George Staphos: Thanks, Devin. I will turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, great.
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: Great. Thanks and good morning, everyone.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
David Wold: Good morning, Kurt.
Kurt Yinger: I just -- good morning. I just want to start off on capital allocation. And at least in my view you guys are currently trading at a pretty wide discount to NAV here. obviously, timberland M&A remains an important part of the strategy. But with the competitiveness on deals and your stock where it is, how do you think about the attractiveness of repurchases versus acquisitions. And then somewhat relatedly, if you were to continue to see that NAV discount, why then -- how willing are you to be kind of more aggressive with share repurchases maybe above and beyond what the variable returns framework would permit, so to speak.
David Wold: Yes. You bet, Kurt. This is Davie. I'd just start out by saying, look, we are in a very fortunate position as you referenced. We have a lot of levers. So that includes M&A, investing in the business, paying down debt, dividend payments, among others, and we're constantly evaluating our views on capital allocation. But all the factors that go into that are dynamic. So it's something we always need to be watching. But as we've said, our capital allocation framework starts with that commitment to return 75% to 80% of our adjusted FAD back to shareholders via the base supplemental and share repurchase. So that portion is really earmarked for returning cash to shareholders. And with the remaining piece above and beyond that, i.e., the 20% to 25%, we can allocate that between acquisitions, share repurchase reducing our debt. So we do have our target to do $1 billion of timberland acquisitions here over the next few years. So that's something we're certainly intending to allocate a certain amount of our capital towards we're being disciplined as we navigate that market that you referenced. But look, yes, as we look at share repurchase, certainly, that's something that we've said. It's a useful tool to return cash to shareholders in the right circumstances. And specifically, when our shares are trading at a meaningful discount. We've been quite active in that space. We've done $733 million against our $1 billion authorization that we announced a little over 2 years ago. So we'll continue to be opportunistic there. But in summary, while that's really an attractive lever right now, we are going to continue to weigh all those options and ultimately allocate our cash in the way that creates the most long-term value for shareholders.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. And I guess just kind of a follow-up, just making sure I understand. So would you kind of be willing to go some threshold above 100% of adjusted FAD in a given year kind of recognizing that you got to be cognizant of where debt levels are. But you would be willing to go above that 100% with kind of share repurchases, specifically if you felt like that kind of discount was widened us?
David Wold: Yes. So we do have the flexibility within our capital allocation framework for that. So any cash above and beyond the 75% to 80% that's committed to be returned to shareholders, that's available for growth, debt pay down or incremental share repurchase. So as always, we are going to evaluate all those options and ultimately allocate our cash in a way that creates the most long-term value, but I'll also add that we're mindful in some periods of choppiness. Those might provide significant value creation opportunities. So we will be thoughtful and disciplined as we evaluate all those avenues moving forward.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. And then just my second one, in regards to the fire at your Japanese customers facility, is there a way to kind of quantify what impact you expect that's going to have on kind of Japanese export volumes over the next couple of quarters?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes, we are thinking it's probably going to be in the neighborhood of 15% to 20% over the next couple of quarters. And then as 2024 moves through the -- moves on, we'll see that shrink down to probably around 10% impact as they move production to other facilities. But I would just note, we do have other Japanese customers, so we are working to reallocate some of that volume and then you can typically get a nice premium in the domestic market for those high-quality Japanese logs. And so we've obviously got plenty of domestic customers that we can move that volume to. So net-net, we wouldn't anticipate a material impact to our margins from this.
Kurt Yinger: Okay. Well, appreciate the color guys, and good luck here in Q4.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
David Wold: Thanks, Kurt.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. So you're expecting flattish quarter-over-quarter realizations in 4Q in the South. And I'm just -- I guess, first question, is there any mix impact there? Or is that sort of like-for-like pricing. And then second, prices for southern logs have been kind of drifting lower for the past 4 or 5 quarters. Are you seeing any signs there that give you confidence in stabilization or be bottoming maybe cost curve support? Or is the visibility into end market demand and rates just does it make it too hard to kind of make a call there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. In the South, it's typically a little bit easier to predict what's going to happen on realizations than it is in some other markets. The comparable really, the mix doesn't change dramatically quarter-over-quarter. I think our delivered model and the customer mix that we’ve, the demand has stayed pretty stable for us. There's still margin to be made on the lumber side. So the demand for sawlogs has remained pretty strong. And even on the fiber side, which certainly has drifted down over the course of the year as we've seen some softness in the pulp and paper markets. I don't know that we are necessarily anticipating a strong upturn here in the near term, but I will know we are starting for the first time in quite some time to hear a little bit of optimism for many of our pulp and paper customers that a lot of the destocking in their end markets has run its course and they're going to start rebuilding some inventory as we get deeper into the winter. So we may have bottomed in terms of some demand there. Now there are some regional differences. I think there are portions of the Southeast coastal markets just because of some mills that have closed down, that may take a little longer to recover. But on balance, I think, all things considered comfortable that we're going to see comparable realizations in Q4.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just with regards to the -- we have seen a number of kraftliner [ph] mills that have gotten shut down in the South and I guess one in Washington State. Is that something I guess, that has a specific impact to Weyerhaeuser. I mean it sounds like it may have impact to some of your competitors. I'm just wondering what the potential impact is to you, if any?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Obviously, any time you see a customer go out of business or take a mill down, that's not great for the market. That does ultimately have some impact on the overall demand level. But we generally try to work pretty proactively to have long-term agreements, both for residuals on the wood products side, the pull logs on the Timberland side. So nothing that's happened to date would cause me a whole lot of concern that it's going to have a material impact to us specifically. But nevertheless, we do still need to find homes for those residuals and pulp logs. And so it's in everybody's interest to make sure that these customers are healthy long-term.
Anthony Pettinari: Got it. Got it. And then just maybe shifting gears to Wood Products and maybe a similar question on lumber. With random lengths around 375, are you seeing or do you anticipate any kind of supply response maybe were below cash cost for some of the higher cost producers? And then I guess 1 thing that we've heard this year is that some mills are hesitant to let go of labor because they feel like if they let them go, they may not be able to get them back in this kind of labor market. Has that been like a real dynamic that you think has impacted supply? And I don't know if you just have any more kind of broad comments about kind of lumber supply with prices where they are.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes. I mean it's always hard to say what others are going to do, so I can't necessarily speak to that other than to just point out that historically, when we've seen lumber prices go below cash costs for any period of time, there ordinarily is some sort of supply response. And our estimation is that in certain regions, a decent amount of the ongoing supply is probably underwater from a cash standpoint. The issue with labor, I think that certainly has been a concern and that's probably something that's going to give producers a little bit of pause before taking material downtime. But that being said, ordinarily, you're only going to run so long, losing money before you ultimately make those decisions. And I would say, although certainly not great, we have seen the labor market improve somewhat versus earlier this year. I think if we were having that same discussion in Q1 or Q2 of this year, I think you probably would have been even more reluctant because the market was so tight. But hopefully, that will continue to get better as we move forward.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Maklari: Good morning. My first question is staying with Wood Products. It seems like the move in volumes that you saw in a lot of those products over the course of the quarter, is in contrast to the outlook that you gave for housing starts and especially, I think the commentary and the outlook that the builders have shared over the course of this earnings season. As you think about the setup for the industry going into the end of this year and maybe even into early 2024, how do you think that, that will come together? And what could it suggest for your ability to operate and to gain share within that segment?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean our view on what's going to happen with housing and I'll just caveat that, that there's obviously a lot of variables at play, but when we talk to the homebuilders, and I'll start particularly here with the larger national builders, my view is they're going to continue to build. It's going to require ongoing rate buy downs and other incentives to continue to get people into that market. But with such little existing inventory on the market, it is a demand driver that's helping weather what ordinarily would be a very difficult period at these kinds of mortgage rates. But when we talk to the big builders, I think they're going to continue to build. I suspect they're going to build slightly up relative to 2023. I think the more challenged into that market is the medium and particularly the smaller builders with these higher interest rates, I think that puts some pressure on them in terms of financing land and some of their other expenses, they don't necessarily have all of the same tools available to help getting some of those new homebuyers into a home. So net-net, I think single-family next year might be up slightly, but I think the market share for the big national builders will continue to grow. And for us, we have a diverse customer base. Obviously, we do business with all the big builders. We have good relationships with them. I would continue to -- I would expect us to continue to grow our business with them as they grow. We also do business with the medium and small builders as well. And so we'll just have to be nimble and to allocate our product to whichever builders are growing their market share. But notwithstanding all the doom and gloom that you hear about housing, I do think people want homes were massively under built. There are not a lot of them available. A lot of the people that are in their early 30s that want a home are ready to go out and be home buyers and homeowners. And so somebody is going to have to meet that demand. And I give a lot of credit to the builders to navigate this environment. They've done a remarkable job. And all things being equal, we would expect that to continue next year.
Susan Maklari: And just building on that very quickly, Devin. How do you think about the channel inventories that are out there as we go into the fall? Is there anything you would highlight or call out there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On lumber, it's still pretty lean. I think what we've seen is just nobody really has a good beat on the direction of building as we get into these winter months, and there's just a lot of negative commentary in the press. So I think people are fairly reluctant to build inventory. So people are keeping their inventories pretty light on the lumber side. I'd say on OSB relative to this time of year, it's probably at or maybe slightly below normal. So maybe not as lean as lumber, but certainly not big inventories either. And then AWP, like I said, at least from our vantage point, we're on pretty extended order files right now. And so not a whole lot of extra EWP in the system from our standpoint.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful color. And then I just want to squeeze one more in, which is congratulations on getting the forest carbon project in Maine approved. When you think about the progress that you're making there and the $100 million target for EBITDA that you've set out by the end of 2025, does that $100 million -- is that based on volume? Or is it based on the pricing to some extent and where these credits can come in? And any updated thoughts on that as you've made this -- as you hit this milestone?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes. I mean we are really pleased with this first carbon credit project. It's not a big number in and of itself, but we learned a lot and I think we are building the foundation to scale this. And so we've got two more in the south slated for approval in the first half of next year. We got three more in the pipeline behind that. And remember, these just continue to build. So each of these projects will have annual credit releases. So part of how we are going to get to the $100 million is we've got a lot of different levers and that's mitigation banking, conservation, renewables, carbon capture and storage and then the forest carbon. So I think it will probably be a little bit more heavily weighted to the existing businesses at the outset, but over time, we certainly think for us carbon, carbon capture and storage and renewables will make up a growing percentage of that. And as I said in our opening remarks, the more we learn about this market, the more people we talk to, the trajectory of the opportunity set, I think we have a lot of optimism that the size of this business is ultimately going to scale up into something more meaningful than $100 million.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you for all the color and good luck.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Roxland: Thank you, Devin, Davie, and Andy for taking my questions. First one, just a point of clarification on EWP pricing. I think you mentioned in terms of the 4Q versus 3Q trajectory that price realization should be moderately lower, but then I think there was a comment made that product pricing should be stable through year-end. So how do I reconcile it? I mean, is it really that 4Q is really not going to move all that much relative to 3Q, it will be done slightly and therefore, that's why product pricing should be stable? I'm just trying to reconcile a little bit of a discrepancy between the two comments.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's right. And so remember, when we talk about EWP, I mean there are a number of products that go in there. So you've got solid section, Trust Choice. We got plywood and MDF all flow through EWP. So when we talk about solid, what we are primarily talking about is Trust Choice and Solid Selection [ph], which were the majority products. We are going to see a little bit of the last couple of quarters, we've had to make some targeted price adjustments. Those usually have a little bit of a time lag, which are kind of flowing into Q4. So that's really what drives that slight down quarter-over-quarter. But on balance, we are seeing pretty stable demand and pricing across our Engineered Wood Products business.
Michael Roxland: Got you. Thank you. Still [indiscernible] sorry. One -- on that price, the targeted price adjustments, I think even last quarter, you mentioned that you're also making some price concessions on some products in order to remain competitive. So is that something as you think about your -- how you operate in 3Q, did you do that maybe more in 3Q because you were slow to adjust your operating posture so in order to make up to maybe -- or to be more competitive with your peers that you decided to lower prices more aggressively to make up for "less volume"?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Actually, I think it probably had the opposite effect with very extended order files that probably took a little pressure off. But frankly, the way we've been approaching pricing is just very targeted and it's been market by market, and every market has its own supply demand dynamic. And just like we do with all products, we adjust prices either down or up, depending on what that dynamic looks like in a particular region. So I wouldn't say it was any kind of material moves in Q3. It was all very targeted and adjusted to the local supply-demand dynamic?
Michael Roxland: Got it. Got you. Appreciate it. And one last question just on EWP. Just can you comment where your operating rate was in 3Q. I think in the last call, you mentioned that you have a low 70 -- low mid-70 type operating rate in 2Q and then you had a 50% in 1Q. So where was it in 3Q? Where do you think it will be in 4Q?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So in Q3, it was kind of in the high 70s range for an operating rate across EWP, and we are thinking that to be more or less comparable for Q4. There are some puts and takes. We are adding presses to kind of keep up with the demand. But on the same token, we have a number of scheduled annual maintenance downtime. So net-net, it will be more or less comparable from an operating rate standpoint.
Michael Roxland: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks very much. Good morning, guys. Just a question of [indiscernible] was pretty strong in the quarter, but we've got some additional volume coming on at the end of the year. Just wondering why you took maintenance in Q3 as opposed to typically Q4 and why the shipment volumes were lower?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of things. From a maintenance schedule standpoint, we try to schedule them out over the year. To some extent, we may make minor adjustments depending on what's going on end markets. But as a general matter, it's very hard to predict what's going to happen with OSB prices quarter-to-quarter. And so largely, you kind of have to schedule them to get them done each year and you sequence the mills out across the year. So the maintenance schedule, more or less we set in advance and absent some material change, we try to stick to that. In terms of the sales volumes, the big driver there, the production was pretty comparable quarter-over-quarter. The sales volume was down a little bit, and that's really just a reflection of one of our mills where we had the annual maintenance downtime. We have contracted volume really at most of our facilities. And so we had to build up a little bit of extra inventory in Q3 to sell-through during that maintenance downtime in October. And so that was really the difference between production and sales volumes. We've already moved most of that volume now through the system as we've come out of the downtime.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then just over on the carbon credit side, congratulations on the project. Just wondering how we should think about that in terms of modeling that $475 million over the 20 years, obviously, comes out to lower than the 32,000 initials. So is that a straight line decline? And then when do you think about monetizing those credits?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. In terms of monetizing, we are out in the market right now, marketing that. We are having, I think, some very productive discussions I would expect us to be selling through those initial credits in relatively short order. And as we said, I think during the last call, we are anticipating that's going to be priced somewhere in the mid- to high 20s range on a pricing standpoint. The annual carbon credits is really just tied to the growth trajectory and the carbon sequestration trajectory over that 20 years. So it can be a little lumpy. It's not necessarily a straight line in either direction. It will just depend on the growth profile across that particular forest.
Paul Quinn: Great. That's all I have. Best of luck.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Devin, I appreciated your rundown on thoughts for single-family next year. Would you share kind of your view of how you think repair remodel might play out and the key drivers behind that view?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. I think it's -- there are kind of puts and takes there, Mark. On the one hand, a lot of the drivers that have been around for a number of years that have been spurring repair and remodel are still there. We still have an aging housing stock. People have equity in their homes. I do think this lock-in effect that we are seeing with everyone having refinanced at low rates, and it's going to keep a lot more people in their homes that otherwise would have moved. And so that's probably going to spur some level of repair and remodel demand. On the flip side of that coin, obviously, when people move, that's a catalyst for repair and remodel. And if fewer people are selling their house and buying into new houses, that's going to be a headwind. And to some extent, higher interest rates can also be a little bit of a headwind there. So some puts and takes. Our view is, overall, we are expecting that market to remain solid. And I think you've kind of seen few different views on this, whether it's up slightly or down slightly, our view is it's probably going to be flat to up slightly next year, all things being equal. We'll certainly see a little bit of a slowdown here in the winter months as we always do. There's always some seasonality to that. But as we look out into 2024, I don't think we're going to see the growth rates that we saw during the heat of the pandemic by any means. I think we've kind of returned to pre-pandemic levels of growth, and I expect that's probably going to be the case next year absent material recession or some other event that adds an additional headwind there.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you. And maybe just following up on one of the prior questions that was asking about share repurchase and your stock trading at discount to underlying timberland values. I mean, are there scenarios where if the discount is wide enough, it makes sense to sell timberlands especially given that you're probably going to be in that situation when maybe your wood products businesses aren't doing so well. So you're not generating as much cash. And so are there scenarios where you have plans to sell timberlands and then use those proceeds to buy back your stock at what might be a wide discount?
David Wold: Sure, Mark. Yes, this is Davie. We are always looking at ways to ensure we are maximizing shareholder value and how we generate cash and allocate that capital and like I said earlier, we are fortunate to have a number of levers there. But really, if I take each of those components separately, we've been very active in the market repurchasing shares, having done $733 million over the last couple of years. So we certainly view that as an attractive opportunity for us to deploy capital. And then on the selling of timberlands, our view is that the value of timberland is only going up over time and recent transactions certainly demonstrate we are not the only one with that viewpoint. And so that's why we've got that target to acquire $1 billion of timberlands over the next several years and ultimately why we expect to be a net buyer of timberlands over time. But of course, we haven't been afraid to make adjustments to our portfolio in the past. The real estate program is a great example on how we monetize properties with a better use to generate capital that we can deploy for other purposes. So as of now, given our strong balance sheet position and the views that we have about the value of timberlands over time, I'm not sure that we're looking to divest significant amounts of timberland.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. But at the bottom line, kind of arbitraging the spreads is just -- it's not the type of thing that you think is sufficiently dial [ph] moving to be kind of a significant part of the toolkit. Is that there?
David Wold: Yes. I mean we are always looking at all the levers available to us, but I don't know that I see us divesting a significant amount of timberlands in the near future.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And maybe just one small detail. So you had -- you're indicating OSB prices obviously are down from where they were in the third quarter. In EWP, though, you talked about the costs going up? And is that just a lag, or what was the difference between those two directions?
David Wold: Yes, Mark. So the way we do those internal transfers is we have a 13-week rolling average on that pricing. And so based on the trajectory of where OSB prices went over the quarter, we do expect that to be up a little bit quarter-over-quarter.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And then lastly, is there much in the way of difference in how we should be thinking about the carbon projects in the South that you are reviewing versus what you did up in May? And maybe if you could explain how they might be different? And in particular, any financial ramification differences as we think about them?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. At a high-level, not really, Mark. Obviously, the margin threshold that you have to overcome in the North is a little different than the South. But we think where we are getting ready to sell these initial main credits at a mid- to high 20s range. I think that would be sufficient for the projects we are thinking about in the South as well. There are different dynamics in terms of the growth rate of trees, et cetera. And so the biometrician work is a little different. But really from a high-level, there's not a material difference in the way we are thinking about those projects versus the ones up in the Northeast.
Mark Weintraub: Great. Appreciate the color.
Devin Stockfish: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ketan Mamtora: Thank you. Maybe to start with, Devin, can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in terms of lumber import from Europe? I know it has eased from the start of the year, but do you see that continuing to trend down? And then what is your sense of those European inventory sitting at the U.S. ports along the Eastern Seaboard?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, as you say, we certainly saw a pretty significant spike earlier in the year coming in from Europe, that's undoubtedly been coming down. One of the challenges in answering that question with specificity is real-time data on those European imports is tough to get at. There's usually a lag. So it's largely based on anecdotal statements from our sales team. I do think it's continuing to come down. I think it's probably pretty challenging to make the economics work coming in from Europe right now, and you have to cover all of the transportation costs given where lumber prices are. That being said, I do anticipate the European producers are going to continue to keep some level of supply coming in, even at these lower lumber prices because it's an important supply chain for them and an end market that they hope to grow over time. Now I will say, at some point, when the European economy improves, they still have, I think, a deficit in Europe when you take into consideration the lumber that is not coming in from Russia and Ukraine. I think we probably would have seen a little less European supply coming in if their domestic markets were in better shape. Currently, that's not the case, obviously. But over time, I would expect the European economy to improve and more of that lumber produced in Europe to stay domestic. But in direct answer to your question, we have seen it come down. I do expect it to come down a little bit more, but not go away completely.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. That's helpful. And Devin, have you worked through all of that inventory from part of the year [ph] spike.
Devin Stockfish: I think so, yes.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. Perfect. And, Davie, just any early read on how you are thinking about 2024 CapEx? I'm not looking for a specific number, just directionally, is it similar to 2023 higher, lower?
David Wold: Sure. Yes, Ketan. So at this point, we haven't given our 2024 guidance. We typically do that at the beginning of the year. So look forward to that next quarter. But I can just say our multiyear guidance that we've given of $420 million to $440 million. At this point, I don't see our 2024 guidance changing substantially from that.
Ketan Mamtora: Perfect. Now that's very helpful. I'll turn it over. Good luck.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, thanks everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor. You may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2023 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. As forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Davie Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter GAAP earnings of $230 million or $0.31 per diluted share on net sales of $2 billion. Excluding special items, we earned $238 million or $0.32 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $469 million in the second quarter. This is a 19% increase from the first quarter and was largely driven by an increase in wood products commodity pricing and strong EWP sales volumes. Notwithstanding elevated mortgage rates, we've been encouraged by resilient demand for new homes this year, which provided a nice tailwind for our Wood Products business in the second quarter. We delivered solid results in the quarter, and I'd like to thank our teams for their collective efforts and focus on safety, operational excellence, and continuing to serve our customers. Before moving into our business results, I'd like to comment briefly on a Timberlands transaction we completed earlier this month. As we reported yesterday, we acquired 22,000 acres of high quality Timberlands in Mississippi for approximately $60 million. This acquisition is comprised of highly productive timberlands strategically located to deliver immediate synergies with existing Weyerhaeuser timber and mill operations. With a mature age class and well stock timber inventory, we expect these timberlands to generate strong cash yields. Additionally, the acquisition offers incremental real estate and natural climate solution opportunities in the future. This transaction is a great example of our ongoing efforts to enhance our portfolio with high quality, well managed timberlands that generate solid returns for our shareholders. As highlighted on Page 22 of our earnings slides, we continue to make great progress against our target to grow our timberlands portfolio through $1 billion of disciplined investments between 2022 and 2025. To date, we've deployed approximately $360 million against this target, including the recent Mississippi transaction and the acquisitions in the Carolinas and Washington, which were completed in 2022. Turning now to our second quarter business results, starting with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $104 million to second quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $172 million, a $16 million decrease compared to the first quarter. This was largely driven by lower average sales realizations for export logs in the west. Turning to the western domestic market. Favorable weather conditions during the quarter supported increased log supply across the region. Log demand improved as mills returned to more normalized operating levels in response to strengthening lumber prices and later in the quarter, took precautionary measures to bolster log inventories ahead of wildfire season. These dynamics kept log prices fairly stable during the second quarter. And as a result, our average domestic sales realizations were comparable to the first quarter. Our fee harvest volumes were slightly higher than the first quarter as a result of favorable operating conditions. Domestic sales volumes were significantly higher as we intentionally shifted logs to the domestic customers to capture higher margin opportunities. Per unit log and haul costs improved in the second quarter and forestry and road costs were seasonally higher. Moving to our Western Export business. In Japan, log markets continued to soften in the second quarter in response to elevated inventories of European lumber imports as well as lower consumption driven by reduced post-and-beam housing activity. As a result, our average sales realizations for export volumes to Japan were lower compared to the first quarter, and our sales volumes were comparable. As we look forward, we expect European lumber inventories in Japan to normalize in the coming months, which should increase demand for our Douglas Spur logs into the Japanese market later in the year. In China, log markets softened in the second quarter in response to an influx of log supply from New Zealand combined with the reduction in log takeaway at the ports. As a result, our average sales realizations for export volumes to China were lower compared to the first quarter. Our sales volumes were significantly lower as we intentionally flex logs to the domestic market. Turning to the south. Adjusted EBITDA for Southern Timberlands was $79 million, a slight reduction compared to the first quarter. Southern sawlog markets remained fairly balanced in the second quarter as log supply improved with drier conditions and mills bolstered log inventories following weather-related challenges in the first quarter. In contrast, Southern fiber markets softened in response to elevated inventories of logs and finished goods at mills as well as lower overall demand for pulp and paper end market, in products. Given favorable operating conditions, our thinning activity increased in the second quarter, resulting in a higher mix of fiber locks. As a result, our average sales realizations were slightly lower compared to the first quarter, and our fee harvest volumes were comparable. Per unit log and haul costs were slightly lower, primarily due to lower fuel prices and forestry and road costs were seasonably higher. In the North, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $4 million compared to the first quarter due to significantly lower sales volumes associated with seasonal spring breakup conditions. Turning now to real estate, energy and natural resources on Pages 10 and 11. Real estate and ENR contributed $52 million to second quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $70 million, a $19 million decrease compared to the first quarter, largely driven by the timing and mix of properties sold. Average price per acre increased significantly in the second quarter and remains elevated compared to historical levels. We continue to benefit from healthy demand for HBU properties, resulting in high value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. I'll now make a few comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business. We continue to make progress on our forest carbon pilot project in May. In the second quarter, we completed the third-party audit process and submitted the project to the American Carbon Registry for final approval. Once approved, we expect an initial issuance of approximately 30,000 credits in year one, and we're currently developing two additional projects in the U.S. South. We remain focused on positioning our credits to capture the highest value possible in the marketplace. Moving to Wood Products on Pages 12 through 14. Wood Products generated $218 million of earnings in the second quarter and $270 million of adjusted EBITDA. Second quarter EBITDA was an 82% improvement from the first quarter largely driven by an increase in lumber and OSB sales realizations and strong sales volumes for engineered wood products. Starting with lumber. Adjusted EBITDA was $51 million in the second quarter, a $43 million increase over the prior quarter and largely driven by improved sales realizations. Benchmark pricing for lumber held fairly stable in April and May as sentiment remained cautious. Buyers mostly limited orders to necessity purchases despite lean inventories. By mid-June, overall sentiment and benchmark pricing improved in response to stronger housing activity, perceived risks to supply from Canadian wildfires and announced mill curtailments also bolstered buying activity in June. For the quarter, the framing lumber composite was comparable to the first quarter while our average sales realizations increased by 6% with the relative outperformance driven by our regional mix and product mix. Our sales volumes were moderately higher compared to the first quarter as our Northwest mills returned to more normalized operating levels. Log costs were slightly lower, primarily for Western logs and unit manufacturing costs were slightly higher during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for OSB increased by $15 million compared to the first quarter, primarily due to the increase in commodity pricing, slightly offset by higher unit manufacturing costs related to planned and unplanned downtime. Benchmark pricing for OSB entered the second quarter on an upward trajectory, largely driven by lean inventories and steady demand from new home construction activity. As the quarter progressed, buyer sentiment and benchmark pricing continued to improve as Canadian wildfires disrupted supply and in response to improving residential construction activity. As a result, the OSB composite pricing increased by 21% compared to the first quarter. Our average sales realizations increased by 11%. This relative difference was largely due to our extended order files, which result in a lag effect for OSB realizations. Our production and sales volumes were moderately lower in the second quarter and unit manufacturing costs were moderately higher due to planned downtime for annual maintenance and a temporary period of unplanned downtime related to wildfire activity near one of our facilities in Alberta. Fiber costs improved slightly during the quarter. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA increased by $62 million or 76% compared to the first quarter. This result is directly tied to improving demand for EWP products which are primarily used in single-family home building applications. As a result, our production and sales volumes were significantly higher for most products in the second quarter and unit manufacturing costs improved significantly for solid section and I-joist products. That said, our average sales realizations were lower for most products as supply and demand continue to rebalance across the broader EWP market. It's worth noting that our current EWP prices remain above pre-pandemic levels. Raw material costs decreased for all products in the second quarter. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA increased by $12 million compared to the first quarter, a 55% improvement as the business benefited from strong EWP sales volumes in the second quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Davie to discuss some financial items and our third quarter outlook.
David Wold: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I will be covering key financial items and second quarter financial performance before moving into our third quarter outlook. I'll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 16. We generated $496 million of cash from operations in the second quarter and ended the period with approximately $1.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Total debt at quarter end was approximately $5.8 billion. In May, we took advantage of attractive capital market conditions and issued $750 million of debt due in 2026 and at a coupon of 4.75%. This debt issuance prefunded the majority of our 2023 maturities. And due to the shape of the yield curve, we were able to reinvest these cash proceeds in the interim at interest rates in excess of the bond coupon. As a result of this transaction, our full-year 2023 interest expense will increase by $10 million to approximately $280 million. That said, this increase will be more than offset by the interest income earned on the invested issuance proceeds. In mid-July, we used a portion of the debt issuance proceeds to repay our $118 million, 78% note at maturity, and we intend to use the remainder of issuance proceeds towards our December 2023 maturity. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $81 million. We returned $139 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend which was increased in the first quarter by 5.6% to $0.19 per share. In addition, we returned $50 million to shareholders through share repurchase activity in the second quarter. These shares were repurchased at an average price of $29.59 and as of quarter, our $1 billion authorization. Looking forward, we will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. As highlighted on Page 18, adjusted funds available for distribution for the second quarter totaled $415 million, and we have generated $470 million of adjusted FAD year-to-date. Looking forward, key outlook items for the third quarter are presented on Page 19. In our Timberlands business, we expect third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $25 million lower than the second quarter of 2023. Turning to our Western Timberlands operations. Domestic log demand was steady at the outset of the third quarter in response to improved pricing and a way of lumber and as mills continue to build inventories ahead of wildfire season. That said, absent fire-related disruptions in the region, log supply is expected to remain ample as the quarter progresses, largely driven by a seasonal influx of logs from nontraditional timber owners. As a result, our domestic sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower compared to the second quarter. As is typical during the warmer and dryer months, we have transitioned in the higher elevation operations, which generally have lower productivity. As a result, our fee harvest volumes will be moderately lower in the third quarter. Forestry and road costs are expected to be seasonally higher as we do a significant amount of this work during the summer months and per unit log and haul costs are expected to be lower, partly due to a decrease in fuel prices. Moving to the export markets, starting with Japan. As Devin mentioned, elevated inventories of European lumber imports and reduced consumption continue to weigh on the Japanese log market. That said, we anticipate our Japanese sales volumes will increase compared to the second quarter due to the timing of vessels, and we expect our sales realizations to be comparable. In China, elevated log imports from New Zealand and reduced log consumption continued to have an impact on the Chinese log market. We expect these conditions to persist through the third quarter. As a result, our sales realizations into China are expected to be lower compared to the second quarter, and we anticipate our sales volumes will be significantly lower as we flex logs to domestic customers to capture higher-margin opportunities. In the South, we expect sawlog markets to moderate somewhat in the third quarter and fiber markets to soften further. This is being driven by a seasonal increase in log supply, elevated mill inventories and softening demand, particularly for pulp and paper products. That said, takeaway for our logs is expected to remain steady given our delivered programs across the region. Our fee harvest volumes are expected to be comparable to the second quarter and will include a higher mix of fiber logs as increased spinning activity continues. With a higher percentage of fiber logs, we expect our sales realizations to be slightly lower compared to the second quarter. Per unit log and haul costs are expected to be comparable and forestry and road costs are expected to be seasonally higher. In the north, our fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly higher compared to the second quarter as we have fully transitioned from spring breakup conditions, and our sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower due to mix. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Demand for our real estate properties remain steady, and we continue to anticipate a consistent flow of HBU transactions with significant premiums to timber value. For the third quarter, we expect earnings will be slightly higher and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $20 million higher than the second quarter of 2023 due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. For the full-year, we continue to anticipate adjusted EBITDA of approximately $300 million for the segment and now expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be 35% to 40% for the year. For our Wood Products segment, benchmark prices for lumber and OSB entered the third quarter on an upward trajectory, supported by improving demand relatively lean inventories and the prospects of supply disruptions following an early start to wildfire season in Canada. As shown on Page 21, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber and OSB are well above the second quarter averages. Assuming this pricing dynamic remains intact for the balance of the third quarter, we expect our Wood Products financial results to be significantly higher compared to the second quarter of 2023. That said, excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB, we anticipate third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly lower than last quarter. For our Lumber business, we expect moderately higher production and sales volumes in the third quarter and slightly lower unit manufacturing costs. Log costs are expected to be moderately lower compared to the second quarter. For our oriented strand board business, we expect production and sales volumes to be comparable to the second quarter. Unit manufacturing costs are expected to be slightly higher and fiber costs are expected to be comparable. Turning to our Engineered Wood Products business. As Devin mentioned, we continue to see improving demand for EWP products, and this has extended our order activity well into the third quarter. As a result, we expect our sales volumes to increase slightly compared to the second quarter. Notwithstanding this dynamic, we anticipate slightly lower sales realizations as supply and demand continue to rebalance in certain markets. That said, third quarter EWP prices are expected to remain substantially above pre-pandemic levels, and we'll continue to adjust in response to demand signals from the homebuilding segment, which has seen more strength of late, particularly for single-family construction. Raw material costs are expected to be higher compared to the second quarter, primarily for OSB web stock. For our distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be comparable to the second quarter. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Our view on the housing market has become incrementally more positive over the last several months, supported by improvements in homebuilder sentiment and increase in new home sales and an uptick in single-family starts. Despite elevated mortgage rates, we continue to see resilient demand from the homebuilding segment largely driven by the historically low inventory of existing homes, a strong labor market and solid household balance sheets. That being said, there continues to be a degree of uncertainty around the trajectory of mortgage rates in the broader U.S. economy. As a result, we still expect to sign starts in 2023 to be lower than the last couple of years. But again, our outlook has become more positive as the year has progressed, and there may be incremental upside if mortgage rates move down from the high 6% range. And longer-term, we remain quite optimistic on housing fundamentals supported by favorable demographic trends and significantly underbuilt housing stock. Turning to the repair and remodel market. Activity strengthened slightly in the second quarter and has held up well year-to-date, largely supported by solid demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment was steady in the second quarter and is largely normalized to pre-pandemic levels. Near-term, we expect stable demand from this segment as prospective homebuyers may choose to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home in a higher mortgage rate environment. And longer-term, we continue to believe the repair and remodel market will be an important demand driver for our businesses, supported by strong home equity levels and an aging housing stock. In closing, our teams delivered solid operational and financial results in the second quarter. In addition, we continue to make meaningful progress against the multi-year targets we set out in 2021 through strategic Timberlands acquisitions and the advancement of our Forest Carbon business. Looking ahead, we're encouraged by recent improvements in the housing market and maintain a favorable long-term outlook for the demand fundamentals that will drive growth for our businesses. We remain focused on operational excellence and innovation, driving industry leading margins and supporting our customers. And with our strong financial position, our unmatched portfolio of assets and disciplined approach to capital allocation, we're well positioned to drive long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Thank you everyone and good morning. Thanks for the details.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
George Staphos: How you doing Devin? I want to start off on SG&A, and I guess, relatedly, all things you're doing to manage costs at the company. Your cost management, at least from our vantage point, has been commendable. Again, year-to-date SG&A really hasn't moved much. Are there any cost pressures, though that you're looking at '24, '25 that you'll need to manage against that or maybe building and we'll see a little bit more movement to the upside there in future years? What do you think about that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, first of all, I say thanks for the recognition, George. As you know, this is work that we've been doing day in, day out for a number of years to stay focused on cost. And it's a never-ending journey to keep control on costs and particularly over the last few years with all of the inflationary pressures. I think in terms of what we're doing on a day-to-day basis, it's just incorporated into our planning and our operations to daily focus on keeping our costs down. I think we are seeing, from an overall inflationary standpoint, not specific to SG&A, but just overall, we are seeing some of our cost pressures starting to wane a little bit, fuel, energy, resin, waxes, things of that nature. But on the SG&A front, labor costs, those are sticky, and those inflationary pressures are something that we continue to have to manage. In terms of the primary focus areas over the next several years, I think it's largely more of the same. I think labor costs will continue to be something that we'll have to manage closely. But beyond that, I think it's a lot of the same things that we've been doing over the last several years. I don't know, Davie, would you like to add anything to that?
David Wold: Sure, Devin. I would just point out that this goes back to everything we've been doing for a number of years on OpEx. And as we look forward, our focus on OpEx and continuing into innovation, and everything we're working on every day, we expect that to be a lever for us over time to continue to manage costs and drive those down into the future.
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you. Two follow-ons and I'll turn it over very quickly. So given what's been a nice pickup in demand over the course of the year in Wood Products, recognizing it wasn't so strong earlier in the year. Are timber prices in the south for sawlogs where you would have expected them given that backdrop? Why aren't we seeing more lift recognizing, again, it's a market-by-market, very local market, but are timber prices in the south for sawlogs, where you would have expected given the backdrop, why or why not? And then can you give us a bit more color in terms of the normalization, the factors that you're seeing in supply/demand, in EWP, particularly in trust choice and why we're not seeing more of a lift higher given the favorable single-family outlook? Thank you guys.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I'll start with the sawlog question in the south. And I think we've seen over the last several years, some uplift on sawlog pricing. And we've been talking about this for a long time, a lot of new capacity coming into the south and certainly, what we've seen in those geographies where we've had new capacity or expanded capacity. We have seen those markets tension and we've seen upward pressure on pricing. I think this year, there are a few things going on. For the first half of the year, I think sawlog prices held up pretty well, at least in the markets that we participate in. I think unlike the fiber logs, which have seen a little bit more pressure just because of what's going on in the pulp and paper industry, the sawlog market has held up pretty well. I think there is a nuance going on there with respect to the availability of transportation. One of the things that we saw over the last couple of years was just a real shortage of trucking capacity. And I think that put a little bit of an uplift on pricing just as mills, particularly strong lumber markets. We're making sure that they had adequate log decks as that trucking capacity has loosened a little bit. I think some of that pressure has come off. As we think about where we are in the year, it's not a typical to see a little downward pressure on log prices just because in the summer months, and the drier weather, you have more supply hitting the market. So that's the dynamic at play. I do think over time and again, just going back to my point earlier, as we see capacity continuing to come into the region you are going to see continued pressure and tensioning across the South. So I think the trajectory is still what we had expected. And certainly, I think we're optimistic over the next several years as these mills continue to come into the region that you'll see continued upward price pressure. You'll have ups and downs seasonally like we always do, but the overall trajectory, I think, still looks positive. With respect to your question around EWP, I think if you really want to understand what's going on today, you have to look back a couple of quarters and just think about the trajectory of what's happened. As we got into late last year and early 2023, we had a fair bit of destocking going on. So you combine that with the lower residential construction activity and it really put the EWP market in a softer place earlier in this year. And so that was really the story in Q1. As you remember, we did dial back our production in EWP to address that. I think we have a pretty good customer base. We have a strong product. And so as that market started to recover, there was good demand for our product. And we certainly saw that over the course of Q2 moving into Q3, but the reality is, in Q1 and Q2, just as those markets rebalanced, we had to take pricing action as everyone else did, just to make sure that we were competitive in each individual market. There's generally a time lag in terms of those pricing actions, whether you're raising prices or lowering prices. And so some of what you're seeing in Q3 is just the lag effect of pricing actions that we had to take earlier in the year. I would say, on balance, the market is recovering nicely. Our order files are back to the place where they're fairly extended. We're even on allocation for a few products at this point. So the market is stabilizing, but each individual market has its own dynamics, and we'll make pricing action where necessary to make sure we're competitive. But I think directionally, we feel pretty good about where EWP is and the trends that we've seen lately.
George Staphos: Thank you, Devin.
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: Great. Thanks and good morning everyone.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
David Wold: Good morning.
Kurt Yinger: I know it wasn't a huge impact for you guys in the quarter, but could you just talk about some of the derivative impacts from the wildfires up in Canada in terms of just operating your facilities there, logistics and transportation and the role that has perhaps played in some of the pricing strength that we've seen in the last two to three months?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I'll give you an update on our operations, specifically and then mention more or less the impact that it had on pricing in the market. So in terms of the impact to us, we had two of our three mills in Alberta that were impacted. We had a lumber mill and our OSB mill that both had to take about two weeks downtime each as the fires caused evacuations in those local communities. And so the net impact to us from a financial standpoint was relatively minor, sub $4 million for the quarter. I think the bigger impact, though, as you mentioned, was just with all of the fire activity, it did cause some concern around supply, particularly, I think on the lumber side. And I suspect that was part of what drove some of the pricing activity to the upside in lumber as we got into June and early parts of July. So I think the real impact was on the overall lumber market and just kind of the concerns around supply availability with the fires. I would say from a transportation standpoint, it did obviously have some impact but I would say, not material.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just two quick ones. First, could you talk about what you're hearing and seeing in terms of European lumber imports into the U.S. kind of for the back half of the year as well as on the timberland side, the pipeline of opportunities that you see and just kind of your outlook in terms of potential additional bolt-on or larger scale transactions going forward?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, with respect to European lumber, we certainly saw a higher-than-normal amount of volume coming in late last year, early part of this year. Ordinarily, I would say, European lumber volumes don't have a meaningful impact on the market. I do believe earlier in the year with the amount of volume that was coming in, particularly on the East Coast, it probably did have some impact on the supply-demand dynamic and probably push pricing down just a bit. We've seen the volumes of imports really starting to wane here over the last several months, which makes sense as the lumber prices have come down, it's less economically viable for some of that wood to come to the U.S. So our expectation is we will see lower volumes. I think you'll still have some degree of European volume coming into the market as many of those producers want to maintain that supply chain and give them the ability to flex depending on what's going on here versus in Europe but I suspect it will be a lower volume coming in for the back half of the year. As we think about the M&A market on the timberland side, as you probably have noticed, it's been lighter this year than it has been over the last few years. I think last year, you probably saw in the neighborhood of $5 billion of transaction activity. We're certainly trending much lower than that this year. And that's really, I think largely a function of A, probably some pull forward from last year, a pretty heavy year. I think there's probably a piece of this, too, that as the market is trying to figure out how to price carbon and ESG options in this space, perhaps some are holding out with the view that prices are going to continue to go up. So we'll see what the back half looks like, but we're expecting it to be a lighter year this year than it has. We're always in the market. That being said, as you saw with the Mississippi transaction. We'll continue to look at every deal that comes to market. We'll continue to have conversations with parties to see if we can do deals outside of the auction process. It's a competitive market, but I think there will be properties where we're very well suited to make those acquisitions and deliver returns for our shareholders.
Kurt Yinger: Okay, thanks for the color, Devin and good luck here in Q3 guys.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
David Wold: Good morning, Susan.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, Devin, can you talk just a bit about the production levels and the inventory that you're seeing at the mills just across lumber as the builders are gearing up and adding that starts on the ground, how are you thinking about overall lumber inventory out there? And maybe what could that mean for your ability to hit that 5% annual growth target that you've set out there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So the first part of the question in terms of inventories, I'd say on balance in the lumber space, inventories are on the lean side, not nearly as lean as OSB, but I'd say leaner than normal. I think what's going on right now is there is adequate supply coming on. And so people are feeling more comfortable with those lean inventories. And as you know, typically, the August time frame is a period where you see a little bit of pullback in demand, particularly on the R&R side just because of the heat of the summer, people are less inclined to build a deck if it's 110 degrees outside. So I think you have some normal, seasonal demand pullback just on the R&R side. But in terms of what that leaner inventory looks like is as you get into the Fall, if buyers continue to carry lean inventories and certainly, our inventories at the mills are on the lean side as well. If you get into the Fall when that R&R activity picks up and you have strong single-family homebuilding, we've seen what happens there, particularly if you have some sort of supply shock maybe from fire season or some other thing happening, that can really push pricing up fairly quickly. And we saw that even just in June with the fire activity in BC, what that can do to pricing. So I think it all depends on if we see repair and remodel activity pick backup in the Fall as we normally do and the builders continue to build, which is what we're expecting, that could be a nice setup for Fall pricing in lumber. In terms of our ability to meet the 5%, there are going to be puts and takes every year. What we're doing is we're doing the work with building the capacity. So the CapEx projects, the improvements in reliability, et cetera, that we need to do to hit that target. Last year, obviously, we were down a little bit because of the strikes in the Northwest. This year, we did dial back production a little bit just because lumber demand has slackened a little, particularly in the Northwest and BC. So we'll see what the ultimate production number is for the year. But ultimately, we're doing the work from a capacity and an operations standpoint to support that 5% per year.
Susan Maklari: Yes. Okay. That's very helpful color. And then I guess, as you do think about some of the dynamics that are going on in the lumber market from both a supply and demand perspective, how do you think about where pricing can go as we think about the back half of this year and probably even in the first half of next year, given what the builders are talking to and looking to add on the ground. And maybe how is that different from what happened in the last few years that could either put a floor or a ceiling in terms of the upside potential around the pricing?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean I'll offer the caveat that lumber pricing is very, very hard to predict as we've seen over the last several years. I would say, if we look back over the pandemic era, I don't know that I would necessarily look at $1,000 lumber prices as being something we're going to see very often. That was a result of just a number of factors coming together at the same time, all of the supply chain disruptions, et cetera. So I'm not sure that's how you should be thinking about things. As we think about where lumber prices are going to go in the Fall, it's really a function of, A, what's going to happen on the supply side. And I think we're going to continue to see puts and takes there with the additions in the South, the capacity coming out of British Columbia, that dynamic, I think is going to continue to play out. And then it's just really a function of what happens with homebuilding and repair and remodel. Our view is the homebuilders have done a remarkable job of managing and navigating an environment with higher mortgage rates. They seem to be pretty optimistic in the conversations that we're having with them. So my expectation is the back half of the year even with high 6% mortgage rates or even 7% mortgage rates is that we're still going to see strong single-family building, which will be supportive. And then it's the question of R&R. And we've seen pretty strong demand out of that segment just as a data point. Year-over-year, our second quarter into the home improvement warehouse market was actually up. So we continue to expect that to be a strong market. And as the treaters come back in, in the Fall. I would expect that we're going to see reasonably strong lumber prices. And then again, it will just depend on are there upside surprises on building? Or are there supply shocks that can cause that price ceiling to go up.
Susan Maklari: Yes, okay. I appreciate all the thoughts, Devin. Thank you. And good luck with everything.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Thanks for all the details on lumber and walking us through your thought process on how pricing might evolve. If we think about OSB, I guess the first question I have is you give on that slide that I think the current prices were like $70 higher as of July 1, the way you look at it. But I think you also referenced that you've got -- your order files are, what, three or four weeks, I believe. And so if we were to kind of assess real-time pricing in OSB, what does that mean? Can you give us a sense as to what you'd expect your prices to be given what you already know three to four weeks out once the real-time prices are what you would be calling your current prices?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean without specifically giving the number, what I can tell you is directionally, our order files are actually five to six weeks out. So they're fairly extended. As you noted, Mark, what that means for us is that there is a lag to the current pricing. And so while what you see quarter-to-date in the earnings package is lower than current, that will catch up over time. So there will be a several week lag on the upside and the flip side of that is there's also a several weeks lag on the downside. So we ultimately get it. It's just a timing question. And for us, as we think about the quarter, there's a fair amount of leverage there, it's $8 million of EBITDA per quarter for every $10 increase. So there's a fairly significant upside. And I think just given the length of the order files, that's going to translate into a pretty strong quarter for OSB for us.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And recognizing that prices can move from where they are. But I mean, so if I -- can I look back five weeks or so and look at the increase that we've had and expect that to because that's over $100 plus to expect that to translate into your prices? And then they'll go wherever prices real time go as we go forward. Is that a reasonable way to look at it?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's generally right.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then you kind of had -- you'd mentioned that you felt in lumber that maybe we can see some improvement in the Fall, et cetera. But it sounded like you're reasonably cautious over the summer. Correct me if I interpreted that incorrectly. How do you feel on OSB? Did you see the dynamics differently? And if so, why?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I do different just because there's not a lot of OSB available. And I think what you're seeing right now with the pricing dynamic is most buyers went into the summer with very little inventory. And as you've seen that building activity pick up, the demand ended up being higher than people expected. And when they're going out and trying to buy open market OSP, there's just none there. And so that's going to take a little while to figure itself out. OSB is not as reliant on the R&R market. So it's a little bit more focused on the single-family construction, which has continued to be pretty strong. So absent, a material pullback on the housing side, it would seem to me that we're going to see pretty tight market there for OSB, which should mean you should have strong OSB pricing into the Fall.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Super. And just one last one. I know there are lots of concerns on fire season weeks or a couple of months ago and not hearing as much about it and certainly not in your comments, recognizing there's uncertainty. Have things calmed down? Or are things feeling like it's not going to be as dangerous situation this year? Just a quick update.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So in the Northwest, it's been a relatively mild wildfire season to date. I always caution people though. It really starts to become an issue typically in August and the early part of September. So we're not necessarily in the heat of the wildfire season yet in the Northwest. Obviously, in Canada, it's been a really bad year so far. There has been some rain in Alberta. So while we still have fire activity going on, I think that's calmed a little bit. In Northern BC, I think the fire activity has started to pick up a little bit. So as you think about some of the key regions for us, Washington, Oregon, British Columbia, I think that story will play out over the course of August. But to your point, at this juncture in the Northwest fire season hasn't been that bad.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, appreciate the color. Thank you.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just following up on the Mississippi deal, I think it transacted at kind of somewhat of a premium to some comps that we've seen in the state. I think you talked about it being well stocked and maybe having some synergies with existing operations. I'm just wondering if you could maybe touch on, I guess, the real estate and ENR opportunities that I think you were mentioned in the press release and maybe more broadly, I think you're the largest landowner in Mississippi. Can you just talk about the sort of Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas market in terms of anything that you're particularly excited about or concerned about maybe in the next few years?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So it's a really nice acquisition for us. A couple of things I would highlight, as you noted, really good mature age class, high percentage of sawlog mix. And importantly, there's two pieces of it. There's a northern piece and a southern piece. Each of them are really close to short haul distances to lumber mills that we have in Mississippi. So some really nice synergies there. I think from a comp standpoint, just for frame of reference, one of our large competitors did a deal in Mississippi recently at $2,700 an acre. So it's pretty in line with what we've seen for the higher quality acquisitions in that Mississippi region. We are the largest landowner in Mississippi by a fair margin. I think the positive news from a Mississippi standpoint is we're seeing a fair bit of new capacity coming in there. From a sawmill standpoint, we've got the pellet mills that are coming in and building new mills in Mississippi. So it's a market while it's been less tension perhaps than some of the other markets. And this is true for Louisiana and Arkansas, by the way, I do think that's where a lot of the new capacity is coming in. And with the work that Russell and his team are doing, we're working real hard to make sure that we can influence where some of that capacity is coming in so that it's placed in a region where we benefit from a timberland standpoint can drive synergies for those customers. So I think we feel pretty good about the trajectory of all three of those markets. And my instinct here is that over the next several years, you're going to see some of the biggest price growth in those markets as that new capacity comes into place.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just switching to Climate Solutions. I think you mentioned two carbon projects underway in the South. Given the experience you've gained with the main pilot. I mean, is it possible to say how long it might take for those two Southern projects to maybe ultimately start issuing credits? Is that one or two years or maybe longer or shorter? And then I kind of thought that the main project was chosen because economics in the Northern region or maybe less compelling than in the Southern region. I don't know if that's the case or if that's changed. But is there any sort of change in view where carbon projects are getting more feasible or more attractive and you're moving them to the South or maybe these are special regions within the South. I don't know if you can comment there.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I think first of all, with the main project, and that's why we call it a pilot project is there were learnings that we acquired through that process. And I think we've been able to take the learnings from that main project and apply that to those two projects in the South. So my expectation is those projects are going to move dramatically faster than the main project. And we could have those issued as soon as later this year or early next year. So much faster. And again, I think we've taken a lot of the learnings from that initial project, which was the whole point in building out that group and the expertise so that we can start to scale this business. In terms of the regional decision-making for where carbon projects go, you're absolutely right. We started in May because the economics there are more supportive. But as you think about our portfolio of 7 million acres across the South, there are going to be certain parcels and certain tracks that are less economically beneficial than others. And so there are going to be places where the economics for carbon, even in the near-term still makes sense in the South. And just to be clear, we're only going to do carbon projects where we think the economics in doing carbon will be the economics of doing timber. And so part of that is the quality of the land base, but part of that is where we think carbon prices are trending. And what we've seen here of late is for improved forest management, carbon projects that are of high quality, they're generating strong pricing, and that's our expectation when we bring these credits to market.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes, thanks very much. Good morning guys. Just wanted to follow-up on this Natural Climate Solutions and the carbon optionality that you've got. If you could -- and I appreciate the extra color on the 30,000 credits that you expect in year one. What's the size of the main project that the scope of it that you put forward? And then what's the size of the two projects that you've got in the U.S. South?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So we're not providing the specific acreage really for a couple of reasons, Paul. First is -- as we think about how we're managing these carbon projects, we're not just taking those acres out of production. We're going to continue to generate timber revenues from those acres in addition to carbon. So it's a little -- we feel like it's a little hard to put that in context just by throwing acres out there. So we're not going to be providing acreages for these products -- we'll ultimately provide the number of credits and the revenues that we're generating from the credits. And that's how we'll dimension that going forward.
Paul Quinn: Okay. Well, just trying to scale it from my side then. The 30,000 credits, is that equating to somewhere in the $500,000 to $600,000 range?
Devin Stockfish: Well, it depends on what you think pricing is going to be $30,000, yes, mid-20s is kind of a good way to think about it in terms of what we've seen lately in I think the quality of the credits we're bringing to market are really going to be at the top of the range. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then just lastly, just -- is this 100% addition to your cash flow? Or is there an impact when you put these projects -- the carbon projects forward, i.e., a severe impact on harvest in the area?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there will be some. Now obviously, we're picking areas which have economics where that's supported by the carbon. But ultimately, if you're going to get carbon credits, you are giving up some degree of volume. And so we're going to pick regions where that margin is the lowest and where that offset makes the most sense. But yes, there will be some offsetting impact to timber revenues where we do carbon projects.
Paul Quinn: All right. Makes sense to me. Best of luck. Thanks.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Ketan Mamtora: Thank you and good morning. First question, Devin, you talked about the order files in OSP, which are quite extended right now. Can you give us some sense of what the order files are like in engineered world and in lumber and how they compare for this time of the year versus historical average?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Lumber order files are pretty normal. I mean, that's in a couple of week time frame, one to two weeks, which is pretty typical, particularly for this time of year. The EWP order files are extended depending on the product out even beyond OSB. So they're back to a place where they're fairly lengthy order files.
Ketan Mamtora: Understood. Got you. And then coming back to wildfires. I mean, are your mills in Alberta back up to? I thought I heard you say that you all took some downtime at two of your three mills. Are they back up running kind of fully? Or are there some restrictions whether related to the log decks or anything else there?
Devin Stockfish: No, those mills are both back up running full, no ongoing issues there. The downtime was really just when the fire got close to the community, there were evacuation orders. So everybody had to leave town. But as soon as those evacuation orders were lifted, we were back at the mills, and they're both back up running full.
Ketan Mamtora: All right. Okay. That's all from my side. Good luck. Thank you.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thank you.
David Wold: Thanks, Ketan.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Roxland: Thank you, Devin, Davie, Andy for taking my questions. Very good quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Michael Roxland: Just on EWP, can you talk about any regional differences that you've seen on EWP demand? I recall the West being more impacted some months ago from sort of market conditions and inclement weather so have you seen a ramp on the West more than the South. But just help us figure out how that demand improvement has been broken up by region?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, California, in particular earlier in the year and late last year was struggling, and that was, if you recall, just a result of wave after wave of storms hitting that market. So you really saw building activity slow quite a bit. As we got deeper into spring and early summer, the California market picked up quite a bit. And you can see that mostly in the Douglas fir lumber sales that we've got going into that California market that really saw an uptick as that building activity increased. I'd say there are always regional differences. California, I think has been picking up. Texas is always a strong market. The South has generally been pretty strong. And I think all of those trends are holding. When you think about what's going on with EWP, there's obviously two pieces of that, though. There's the demand and how much building is going on and then there's also the supply that's going into each individual region. And our experience is every local market has its own competitive dynamic. And so it's always balancing, making sure that you're serving your customers, trying to make sure your margins feel good, but also making sure that you're holding market share against competitors who all want the same business. So that dynamic plays out in every region, every day. But I'd say on balance, again, the EWP market certainly has stabilized. And as you can see with our order files extending out, we feel pretty good about that trajectory. I mean, there will always be some ups and downs on pricing. But directionally, we feel pretty good about where EWP is going.
Michael Roxland: Thanks for that, Devin. Just following up, I mean, it's kind of interesting when you look at your special improvement in lumber versus EWP. Lumber about 5% sequentially in terms of volumes, but EWP up about 63% quarter-over-quarter. Can you help us frame like what's really driving the difference? I mean, is it all due to just the fact that EWP is more single family related, maybe lumbers got the R&R component? Or is there anything else driving the difference between lumber demand and EWP demand?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean when you look at our sales volumes, it's really more of a function that we had scaled down our EWP production early in the year because of what was going on and just the dynamic with so many buyers destocking. So the big volume increase in EWP, I mean, obviously, it's related to the fact that there's been a pickup in homebuilding activity, but the delta between the improvements in volume in EWP and the improvements in volume in lumber is just that EWP was operating at 60% capacity for the first quarter, whereas lumber wasn't down nearly as much. But that was an intentional decision on our part just to match supply with demand.
Michael Roxland: Got you. And one final question before turning it over. Just the operating rate in EWP in 2Q?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it was in the mid-70s, mid or low to mid-70s. And so we think it will be up just a little bit in Q3.
Michael Roxland: All right. Thanks very much and good luck in the second half.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, thanks, everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-28 13:35:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor. You may now begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s first quarter 2023 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and David Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $151 million or $0.21 per diluted share on net sales of $1.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $395 million, a 7% increase over the fourth quarter of 2022. These are solid results, and I’m pleased with the operational and financial performance delivered by our team despite various market and weather-related challenges throughout the quarter. Turning now to our first quarter business results. I’ll begin with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $120 million to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $188 million, a 25% increase compared to the fourth quarter. In the West, adjusted EBITDA increased $33 million compared to the fourth quarter, largely driven by increased sales volumes in domestic and Chinese markets and lower per unit log and haul costs. These favorable results were partially offset by lower sales realizations. Turning to the Western domestic market. Demand and pricing for domestic logs faced downward pressure at the start of the first quarter. Mills reduced consumption in response to lower pricing and takeaway of finished products and we’re carrying elevated log inventories. As the quarter progressed, log consumption increased as end market demand improved, but log supply was constrained by consistent winter weather conditions. This dynamic drove log inventories to lower levels and cause log pricing to stabilize. For the quarter, our average domestic sales realizations were significantly lower than the fourth quarter. Our fee harvest and domestic sales volume as well as per unit log and haul costs improved in the first quarter as we return to full run rate operations following the work stoppage in the fourth quarter. First quarter harvest activity included a portion of the deferred volume resulting from the work stoppage, and we remain on track to capture the majority of the deferred harvest volume in 2023. Forest and road costs were also seasonally lower. Moving to our Western export business. Log markets in Japan continued to soften in the first quarter in response to elevated inventories of European lumber imports as well as lower consumption driven by reduced post-and-beam housing activity. As a result, our average sales realizations for export volumes to Japan were moderately lower compared to the fourth quarter, and our sales volumes were comparable. In China, log inventories at the ports declined during the quarter and daily takeaway increased as construction activity improved following the Lunar New Year and in response to the recent lifting of pandemic-related restrictions. As a result, log demand from our customers remained solid in the first quarter. Our sales volumes increased significantly compared to the fourth quarter and we intentionally flexed additional volumes to China to take advantage of improving market conditions in the first quarter. Our average sales realizations were slightly higher compared to the fourth quarter aided by improved ocean freight rates and a favorable exchange rate. Turning to the South. Adjusted EBITDA for Southern Timberlands increased $4 million compared to the fourth quarter. Despite reduced log consumption in response to lower finished product pricing and demand, southern sawlog and fiber markets remain fairly balanced during the first quarter as log supply was constrained by wet weather conditions. As a result, our average sales realizations were comparable to the fourth quarter. Our fee harvest volumes increased slightly despite the adverse weather conditions. Per unit log and haul costs were slightly lower in the first quarter, and forestry and road costs were slightly higher. Adjusted EBITDA in the North was comparable to the fourth quarter. Turning to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources on Pages 10 and 11. Real estate and ENR contributed $53 million to first quarter earnings and $89 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter EBITDA was $43 million higher than the fourth quarter primarily due to a significant increase in real estate acres sold, partially offset by a decrease in royalty income from our Energy and Natural Resources business. Similar to prior years, our real estate activities in 2023 and are more heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. Average price per acre decreased compared to the fourth quarter due to the mix of properties sold but remained elevated compared to historical levels, as we continue to benefit from steady demand for HBU properties. Despite broader macroeconomic headwinds, buyers continue to seek the safety of hard assets, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. Moving to Wood Products on Pages 12 through 14. Wood Products generated $95 million of earnings in the first quarter and $148 million of adjusted EBITDA. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was a 25% reduction from the fourth quarter, largely driven by continued softening in wood products pricing. Regarding the lumber and OSB markets, benchmark prices for both products entered the first quarter showing signs of stabilization after receding in the back half of 2022. Pricing for both products increased slightly through early February in response to stronger-than-expected demand for housing and buyers replenishing lean inventories. The increase was more pronounced for lumber as supply concerns weighed on the market following a series of mill curtailment announcements, particularly in British Columbia. As the quarter progressed, overall buyer sentiment remains cautious. As adverse weather impacted homebuilding in several regions and in response to ongoing concerns about inflation and the economy, despite lean inventories, orders were limited to necessity purchases through quarter-end. And benchmark prices for both products were generally range bound. I would note, however, that prices for both products have trended higher as we’ve moved into the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for our lumber business was comparable to the fourth quarter. Both the framing lumber composite pricing and our average sales realizations decreased 9% in the first quarter. Our sales and production volumes increased significantly versus the fourth quarter which was impacted by the work stoppage at our Northwest mills. Reliability also improved across the system. With increased production in the quarter, unit manufacturing costs improved significantly. Log costs were comparable to the fourth quarter. OSB adjusted EBITDA decreased by $32 million compared to the fourth quarter, primarily due to the decrease in commodity pricing. Our average sales realizations decreased by 20% in the first quarter, largely in line with OSB composite pricing. Sales volumes were significantly higher as production volumes increased from less planned downtime for annual maintenance and transportation networks improved following adverse weather conditions late in the fourth quarter. Unit manufacturing costs and fiber costs improved moderately during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for Engineered Wood Products decreased by $28 million compared to the fourth quarter due to softening demand for EWP products. As a result, our sales and production volumes and average sales realizations were lower for most products in the first quarter. That said, we have seen a recent uptick in our order activity and our current realizations remain above pre-pandemic levels. Unit manufacturing costs were comparable to the fourth quarter and raw material costs decreased primarily for OSB web stock. Adjusted EBITDA for distribution was comparable to the fourth quarter as higher volumes and lower operating costs were offset by a decrease in realizations for EWP and commodity products. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Davy to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook.
David Wold: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I’ll be covering key financial items and first quarter financial performance before moving into our second quarter outlook. I’ll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 16. We ended the quarter with approximately $800 million of cash and cash equivalents and total debt of approximately $5 billion. Our balance sheet, liquidity position and financial flexibility remain exceptionally strong. And we reinforced our flexibility in the first quarter by extending the maturity of our existing $1.5 billion revolving credit facility to 2028. In the first quarter, we generated $126 million of cash from operations. It’s worth noting that the first quarter is usually our lowest operating cash flow quarter due to seasonal inventory and other working capital build. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $71 million, which is a typical level for the first quarter. We returned $139 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend which was increased by 5.6% to $0.19 per share during the quarter. This is in line with our commitment to grow our sustainable base dividend by 5% annually through 2025. During the quarter, we also returned $660 million to shareholders through the payment of our supplemental dividend, which was associated with our 2022 financial results. We returned $35 million to shareholders through share repurchase activity in the first quarter. These shares were repurchased at an average price of $31.25. And as of quarter end, we have completed nearly $660 million of repurchase under our $1 billion authorization. Looking forward, we will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. First quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 15. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment decreased by $6 million compared to the fourth quarter. This decrease was primarily attributable to changes in intersegment profit elimination and LIFO, as well as the absence of non-recurring in healthcare and workers’ compensation items that were benefits in the fourth quarter. Looking forward, key outlook items for the second quarter are presented on Page 18. In our timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $20 million lower than the first quarter of 2023. Beginning with our Western Timberlands operations, domestic log markets were fairly tensioned at the outset of the second quarter driven by improved pricing and takeaway of finished products leaner than normal log inventories and log supply constraints due to persistent winter weather conditions. As the quarter progresses, we expect further improvement in log demand and an increase in log supply as the weather improves seasonally. As a result, our domestic sales realizations are expected to remain fairly stable throughout the second quarter. That said, we anticipate the quarterly average will be lower compared to the first quarter as log prices have fallen since the beginning of the year. We anticipate our fee harvest volumes will be moderately higher given seasonally favorable operating conditions in the second quarter. Forestry and road costs are expected to be significantly higher as we enter the spring and summer months, and per unit log and haul costs are expected to be significantly lower, partly due to lower fuel prices. Moving to the export markets. Starting with Japan. As Devin mentioned, elevated inventories of European lumber imports and reduced consumption continue to weigh on log demand in pricing. We expect these conditions to persist through the second quarter. As a result, our Japanese sales volumes and realizations are expected to be lower compared to the first quarter. That said, we expect European lumber inventories normalize as the year progresses, which should increase demand for our logs in the Japanese market. In the meantime, we are shifting a certain amount of logs to our internal mills to capitalize on domestic market conditions. In China, construction activity and log consumption continue to improve following the Lunar New Year and the lifting of pandemic related restrictions. That said, log imports from New Zealand have increased significantly following the disruption in the first quarter due to cyclone activity. This dynamic is likely to put downward pressure on log pricing until excess inventories are cleared. As a result, our sales realizations into China are expected to be slightly lower compared to the first quarter. We anticipate our sales volumes will be significantly lower as we direct logs to domestic customers to capture higher margin opportunities. In the South, we expect sawlog markets to remain fairly balanced in the second quarter as log supply improves with drier weather conditions and mills bolster inventories in response to weather related challenges in the first quarter. Southern fiber markets are expected to soften as a result of end market demand in pricing. Despite improving weather conditions, our fee harvest volumes are expected to be comparable to the first quarter, largely driven by a higher mix of fiber logs as thinning activity increases following wet weather conditions earlier in the year. With a higher percentage of fiber logs, we expect our sales realizations to be slightly lower compared to the first quarter. Per unit log in haul costs are expected to decrease slightly as a result of lower fuel prices. And forestry and road costs are expected to increase seasonally. In the North, our sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower than the first quarter, and fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly lower as we enter the spring breakup season. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. As Devin mentioned, we are still seeing steady demand for our real estate properties and we continue to expect a consistent flow of HBU transactions with significant premiums to timber value. For the second quarter, we expect earnings will be comparable to an adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $20 million lower than the first quarter of 2023 due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. For the full year, we continue to anticipate adjusted EBITDA of approximately $300 million for the segment. For our Wood Products segment, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly higher than the first quarter of 2023, excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB. Benchmark prices for both lumber and OSB have been fairly stable quarter-to-date, but we are seeing signs of increased demand for Wood Products as we get further into the spring building season, while channel inventories remain lean. As shown on Page 19, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for lumber are moderately higher than the first quarter average. For OSB, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations are slightly higher than the first quarter average. For our lumber business, we expect higher production and sales volumes in the second quarter and moderately lower unit manufacturing costs as operating rates at our Northwest mills return to a more normalized level, reliability improves across the system and inflationary pressures continue to ease. Log costs are expected to be moderately lower compared to the first quarter, primarily for Western and Southern logs. For our oriented strand board business, sales volumes are expected to be comparable to the first quarter. We expect slightly lower production volumes and moderately higher unit manufacturing costs due to more planned downtime for annual maintenance in the second quarter. Fiber costs are expected to be slightly lower. Turning to our engineered wood products business, as Devin mentioned, we have seen an uptick in order activity quarter-to-date, and we expect steady demand as the quarter progresses. As a result, we anticipate significantly higher sales volumes for most products compared to the first quarter. That said, sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower as supply and demand continue to rebalance across the broader EWP market. We anticipate moderately lower raw material costs for most products including for OSB webstock. For our distribution business, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher compared to the first quarter due to improved sales volumes. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, David. Before wrapping up this morning, I’ll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Our view on the housing market is largely unchanged, and we still anticipate a somewhat more challenging backdrop in 2023, compared to the last couple of years. We’ve clearly seen some softening from the peak levels of 2022 as home buyer sentiment remains cautious. That being said, there have been some positive signs lately that the housing market is holding up better than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. Specifically, we’ve seen improvements in home builder sentiment, an increase in new home sales, and an uptick in single family starts over the last couple of months. Additionally, the labor market and household balance sheets are generally in good shape and inventory of existing homes for sale remains well below historical levels. Putting this all together, we continue to believe that underlying housing demand is solid. As we saw in the first quarter, there are buyers willing to step back into the market in response to lower mortgage rates and home builder incentives. Ultimately, we’ll need to see further rate reductions combined with a stable to improving U.S. economy before the housing market fully returns to the levels of the past few years. However, not withstanding any near-term headwinds, we continue to maintain a positive and constructive longer-term view on housing fundamentals supported by strong demand, favorable demographic trends, and a significantly under-built housing stock. Turning to repair and remodel, where activity remained fairly stable in the first quarter and continued to be supported by steady demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment has largely normalized a pre-pandemic levels. Looking forward, we expect customer demand to be bolstered to some degree by prospective home buyers choosing to remodel in lieu of purchasing a new home in a higher mortgage rate environment. Lower commodity building product prices may also support repair and remodel activity in the near-term. And in any event, we continue to have a bullish longer-term outlook for repair and remodel demand supported by strong home equity levels and an aging housing stock. In closing, we delivered solid operational and financial performance in the first quarter. We remain as focused as ever on operational excellence in supporting our customers to drive industry-leading margins. In addition, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders. During the quarter, we increased our base dividend by 5.6% and returned more than $830 million to shareholders through base and supplemental dividend payments, as well as share repurchase activity. Looking forward, we remain constructive on the longer-term demand fundamentals that will drive growth for our business notwithstanding the current macroeconomic headwinds. Our financial position is exceptionally strong, and we are focused on delivering superior operating performance across our unmatched portfolio of assets, as well as enhancing shareholder value through disciplined capital allocation. So with that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Devin, as you look at Southern log prices, are you seeing any regional trends worth calling out and I guess specifically, over the past few years as Southern log prices have seen some strength I think we saw maybe stronger price appreciation in some of these coastal regions versus inland regions. Now that log prices appear to be kind of moderating a bit. I’m wondering, are you seeing those coastal regions holding price better or ultimately are they may be giving up kind of more of the gains that they’ve had and maybe acting with a little bit more volatility? I don’t know if there’s any trend that you would call out. I’m just kind of curious what you’re seeing and maybe how your portfolio is positioned there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Anthony, good question. As we think about the southern sawlog pricing dynamic, as you say, there are certainly regional differences and we’ve seen that play out over a number of years. As you mentioned, the Atlantic coast and we think about that from North Carolina, really all the way down through Florida and Georgia, certainly been a stronger market. I think there are a couple of things at play there. To some extent, the sawlog market is also impacted by the pulpwood markets on the coastal region. As you think about a lot of these mills and where they source logs, if you’re next to the ocean, your sourcing radius is only about 180 degrees versus 360. And so that tightens up some of those markets and I think that bleeds into sawlogs and certainly I think that’s been one of the drivers of lay for what you’ve seen those prices tick up. We’ll see if – with a little softening in the fiber markets, if that wanes a little bit more. But I think more broadly, as you mentioned, we have seen some capacity coming into the south and certainly that’s benefited us in some of the markets where we have large fee holdings, you think Mississippi, southern Arkansas, some spots in Louisiana. What we have seen is as new capacity comes into a particular wood basket, we see an uplift on sawlog prices and we expect that to just continue to be the case as more capacity comes into that region. And I think the other thing at play of late has been, and this is particularly true, I’d say over the last 18 or so months, there’s just been a bit of a constraint on log and haul capacity, and I think that’s another driver for why you’ve seen a little bit of an uptick in sawlog prices just as mills wanted to maintain inventory, so they didn’t lose out on the high lumber price opportunity. I would say that the haul capacity has probably gotten a little bit better here, as we’ve gotten into 2023. But over the long-term, I continue to think you’re going to have constraints on both log and haul capacity across the south just as labor will continue to be an issue. So the net-net, as we are seeing regional differences. Will we see the Atlantic coast come down a little bit more perhaps, but on balance, we still feel pretty optimistic about the trajectory of southern sawlog prices in the years to come.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s super helpful. And then just on Natural Climate Solutions, I don’t know if there’s any kind of update you can give us in terms of level of interest and engagement and maybe how you’re tracking towards that $100 million EBITDA target for 2025. Or if there’s any kind of specific projects or work streams that you feel like are moving faster or slower than expected.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think the good news is there just continues to be an increasing level of interest across really all parts of that Natural Climate Solutions business. That’s true with renewables, solar, wind, a lot of interest and activity there. It’s true with mitigation banking. We’ve seen certainly a lot of interest in carbon capture and storage in the forest carbon markets. So I think we’re as optimistic as ever about the trajectory of growth over time with that business. And that’s really, like I say, true across to every component of that Natural Climate Solutions business. I think the trick continues to be managing the timeline to get these projects to fruition, and that’s unfortunately the case across each of those different businesses, whether it’s the permitting and getting tied into the grid across the renewable section – sector or just the timeline to get for us carbon projects through the process of a third-party audit. And I think that’s going to continue to get better over time as more resources go into the system. But it’s really a question of timing more than magnitude, but we’re really optimistic about the long-term opportunities across really each of those businesses within Natural Climate Solutions.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ketan Mamtora: Thank you. Good morning, Devin and Davie.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
David Wold: Good morning.
Ketan Mamtora: First question just related to Anthony’s earlier question. Devin, any update on the main carbon offset project, how that’s coming along and when do you anticipate kind of – sort of incremental information around that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I feel like we’re right at the goal line. We’ve had all of our materials and responses into the third-party auditor for quite some time. I think one of the things that we’ve come to appreciate in this space is that there are not enough third-party auditors really to manage the magnitude of carbon credits that are coming to market. I do think that’s something that will be resolved over time. But that’s really been the bottleneck for us as we’ve tried to move that through to the end game. I think we should have something here shortly and we would anticipate in the very near future getting those credits issued and then hopefully start selling those for us carbon credits. But I would say also, we’ve also learned some things through the process that I think should help us scale this program going forward. So more to come on that, hopefully, in the very near future.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. And Devin, when you say very near future, I would still assume that to be kind of 2023, is that fair?
Devin Stockfish: Absolutely.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. And then just switching to capital allocation. I’m curious kind of your approach towards share purchases, especially in the context of broader capital allocation. In a year like 2023 where cash generation will be kind of hit by lower both product prices. Obviously, you guys have laid out the base and the supplemental portion. I’m just curious kind of how do you approach share purchases here?
David Wold: Yes, sure. Thanks. I mean, we have – as we’ve said for a while now, we believe share purchase is a useful tool in the right circumstances and certainly we’re fortunate to have a number of capital allocation levers, including M&A investing in our business and adjustments to our capital structure. So the current share price, share repurchase is an attractive lever, but we’re constantly weighing that in light of all the alternatives and the overall backdrop. And we’ve been quite active, repurchasing shares since we announced our increase to our authority in fall 2021, making our way through about two-thirds of that $1 billion authorization, including about $550 million last year. So as we moved into 2023, the process really remains the same, but to your point with the cash return framework, the amount of cash committed to be returned to shareholders is going to flex up or down year-to-year based on the amount of adjusted FAD generated. So in light of the economic environment we saw to start the year with the relative choppiness and housing, it’s important to be disciplined and balanced as we deploy our cash over time, weighing all the market conditions and those available levers and ultimately allocating the cash in the way that creates the most value for shareholders. So in summary, I’d say the evaluation process remains consistent. We’ll continue to assess share repurchases along with all the other capital allocation options and report out our activity quarterly.
Ketan Mamtora: All right. Now that’s helpful perspective, I’ll turn it over. Good luck.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
David Wold: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
David Wold: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: Our first question is on the DIY segment of the R&R market. Devin, I know you gave some comments there on the activity that you’re seeing. But as we get into the spring, what’s the tone from your customers there and how are you thinking about the spring playing out?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On balance, we’ve seen pretty solid demand. I would say, just for context, Q1 is always a little bit softer from the DIY segment just because people aren’t doing R&R projects in the northern regions this time of year. I would say in the south, we’ve actually seen the activity up a little bit year-over-year as we feed into the big box retailers. It’s been a little lagging in the west, I would say, year-to-date, but that’s starting to pick up. So on balance, we’re still expecting a very solid year from the DIY segment. I don’t think it’s going to be at the same levels that we saw during the peak of the pandemic, but certainly very strong relative to pre-pandemic levels.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that’s helpful. And then looking at the EBITDA margin in lumber and OSB, it was really impressive given what you’re seeing from a pricing perspective. And it does seem like it reflects some of the benefits of the productivity initiatives that you have put in place in the last couple of years. How are you thinking about the production cost going forward, just given the various puts and takes there? And with that, is there any update generally on OpEx 2.0? Any thoughts on how you’re progressing against the $175 million, $200 million target for 2025?
David Wold: Sure. Well, at a high level, I think the benefits of this OpEx program that we’ve been undertaking for a number of years are really reflected in the Q1 numbers as you said in a very challenging market, we were still able to deliver positive margins across all of our businesses. And I think just from a relative operating performance standpoint, that’s really, really served us well and has been a core part of our operating strategy for quite some time. We are progressing, I think, quite well to that $175 million to $250 million target. And I would say, I’m particularly pleased with the progress we made last year. We generated $40 million of OpEx in an environment where we saw historically high levels of inflation. And so that was quite a headwind to navigate through. I think this year as we see some of the turnover starting to go back to maybe a more normal level and inflation comes down, I feel very good about the tailwinds that we’ll have from an OpEx standpoint. And I think it’s just a real testament to the teams that we have all across the organization that are staying focused on improving how we operate every day, trying to innovate everywhere we can and serving our customers to make sure that we’re not just maintaining industry level – industry leading margins, but we’re growing that over time. So really pleased with the efforts there.
Susan Maklari: And any thoughts just on those production costs for lumber and OSB as we get into the spring?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, I think as we look across the key cost elements of each of those businesses, the labor piece has remained elevated. I don’t think it’s increasing at the clip that we’ve seen over the last several years, but it still remains at an elevated level. But besides labor, I would say on balance, we are seeing some progress in having that inflationary pressure kind of back off a bit, whether it’s fuel, energy, resins really across the board we’ve seen some of the fiber costs come down. So we are seeing some of those inflationary pressures start to wane and I think that will be a tailwind for us as we get through the year as well.
Susan Maklari: Okay, great. Thank you for all the color and good luck.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: Great. Thanks and good morning everyone.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Kurt Yinger: I wanted to start out on the EWP business. I mean, it’s been a really nice source of stability kind of in spite of volatility in commodity markets. Realizations there held in better than we expected. Looks like you’re expecting some additional pressure in Q2, but could you talk about how you’re thinking about profitability there over the next couple quarters and maybe give a little bit more color on what you’re seeing on the volume side after maybe some destocking issues the last couple quarters?
Devin Stockfish: Well, I think not surprisingly, given that EWP’s primary market is single family construction. We did see softening in EWP demand as we got into Q4 last year. And that really flowed through into Q1. As you say, I think to a large extent, as the housing market softened last fall, the inventory levels across the channel probably built up a little bit more than expected. And we certainly saw in Q1, many of our customers had to work through some existing inventory. And so we adjusted our operating posture down to more – to be more reflective of the demand environment. And that I think together with just a little bit of softening on the price side is really what you saw reflected in the Q1 EBITDA numbers for EWP. But again, as we step back and look at this business from a high level, we’re still at pricing that’s well above historical levels, pre-pandemic levels. And I think as we get deeper into the spring, we’ve seen our order files start to build. Certainly, I think what we’ve seen going on recently with single-family construction in particular starting to get a little bit more optimistic about how that’s going to be playing out in the months to come. So we’re going to be increasing our production in Q2 as Davie mentioned. Not – still not up to the levels that we’re running full out, but certainly above where we were in Q4 and Q1. And I think that will continue to trend in the right direction as we get deeper into the year, assuming that housing continues with this momentum. So we feel really good about the business. It’s a quality product. We have great service and I think really a lot of customer loyalty and so we’ll continue to serve our customers and as single-family housing continues to recover that business will be in really good shape for us going forward.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Make sense. And then just second on southern log pricing. I guess as you look over the next year, do you think we’re kind of in a situation where maybe you see kind of a slow bleed in realizations absent or real inflection in demand? Or from where you sit today, any kind of confidence in the idea that things could really level out in the near-term at all?
Devin Stockfish: I think our view is that it’s going to stay fairly stable for most of this year absent a material change in market dynamics. That’s certainly our view from a saw log perspective. I think there’s probably a little risk with respect to fiber logs just given in markets in the pulp and paper space have softened a bit and so there may be a little softening here until that stabilizes and firms up. But for the saw log prices, our view is it’s going to stay pretty consistent over the course of this year. And then as the market improves overall going forward, a lot of the same drivers for that log price appreciation we’ve seen over the last couple of years should kick back into gear and we still feel pretty optimistic long-term that we’ll see that gradual price increase across the saw log portfolio.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay. Appreciate all the detail, Devin, and good luck here in Q2, guys.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thank you.
David Wold: Thanks, Kurt.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks very much. Good morning guys. Just following-up on this real estate, energy, natural resource, especially the natural climate solutions looking for the extra color on the carbon project. But where are we at with the – you signed two deals of a carbon storage. Just wondering how that permitting is going for those companies that you’re involved with?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I think it’s progressing as expected. As we said before, there’s a fair amount of work to do between signing the deal, an actual first injection, you’ve got to prove out the data, which has been underway and that’s progressing well, the permitting and ultimately building out the infrastructure. But I think from a timeline standpoint, things are progressing as expected and we continue to believe, we’ll see first injection in late 2025 or into 2026. But I think a big part of why we chose those two partners is they’re both very well equipped to manage through the process and the timeline. So we think it’s progressing on plan.
Paul Quinn: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just switching over to wood products. If I look at 2023 whole year, what are we tracking for lumber volumes? Is this – last year was down, are we going to go back to 2021 levels? And especially on the OSB side as well, it looks like you’re tracking at record levels for 2023.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. For lumber, we’ll definitely be up year-over-year. Sitting here today, it’s probably kind of a mid-single-digit, high-single-digit percentage wise improvement year-over-year. And remember, last year there were some things going on around the strike in the Pacific Northwest and frankly with some of the labor issues probably the production was down as a result of that to some degree as well. So we should see that improve in 2023. And then from an OSB standpoint, that should be up slightly as well.
Paul Quinn: All right, that’s all I had. Best luck.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Real quick on the OSB pricing, you show current up $5 versus the 1Q average. And by my math, when I look at the Random Lengths pricing it’s up more like $45 or $50. And is that just because what you’re showing is really where prices were three or four weeks ago given your order files? Or is there something else that might be going on that would depress the type of uptick you would expect to see in OSB pricing?
Devin Stockfish: No. You hit on it exactly, Mark. It’s just a function of when you have a three to five week order file, it takes time for the current prices that are reflected in Random Lengths to flow through to realization. So there’s a lag on the way up, but then there’s also a lag on the way down, so it nets out to be the same, it’s just a timing issue.
Mark Weintraub: Got it. Okay. And then a question on the U.S. south, a couple of questions on the timber markets and where they may be going. Of course, you don’t just grow trees, you also consume logs and making lumber. So I was hoping to get a sense as to what your net position on saw logs might be, and if there’s a difference regionally if you are net more long in the Carolinas or the Atlantic Coast versus in some of the Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana baskets, that would be super helpful.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, that’s a really good question, Mark. I think from our standpoint, we have 7 million acres across really all of the major markets across the south. Unparalleled diversification. I think generally speaking, we have peer leading scale in every market. So, I think as we move forward in a world where we think saw logs are going up, I think we’re really well positioned going forward. And as you know, there’s just been a lot of new capacity coming into the south. And I think – and we’ve seen this in markets where new capacities come in that’s pushed up saw log prices. So as we think about how does that impact our business as a whole going forward, I think it’s positive. First on the timberland side, we are a net seller of logs. So on balance, we generally sell between 40% to 50% of our grade fee logs in the south to our internal mills. So that means the remainder of those logs go to third-party customers. So higher saw log prices in the south will have a net benefit to warehouser on those third-party logs. Now obviously, higher log prices also have an impact on wood products manufacturing as that’s a key input cost. But I think again, the integrated model that we have is going to help us in that respect. So the manufacturing side as those saw log prices increase over time those logistics and efficiency benefits that our manufacturing operations enjoy today on the fee timber that we supply is going to become even more important in maintaining industry leading margins. And you can just look to the Pacific Northwest for an example of that. So I think on balance, we feel very good about that. Obviously, there are regional differences, but I would say outside of the Southeast, we have manufacturing operations in every other wood basket. So, most of those dynamics will play out very similarly. And I think, all in, if you want to look at log prices and where they’re going, I think, with our business to scale the integrated nature, we’re going to be the premier investment vehicle to leverage increasing southern sawlog prices into the future.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. That’s super helpful. Just one follow-up, you mentioned that you use about 40%, 50% of your logs go to your own mills. Do you buy much from the outside for your sawmills?
Devin Stockfish: We do. So generally speaking, our internal mills are going to get 50% of their logs from our fee timber, and then they will buy the remaining 50% from third parties.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. So you’re kind of moderately net long. Is that a fair, if I just do that – if I do the math in my head, it would suggest you’re moderately net long saw timber in the U.S. South. Is that fair?
Devin Stockfish: Correct. Yes.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, super. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Buck Horne with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Buck Horne: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Quick question on the lumber markets and just kind of one of the wild cards that’s kind of probably affected prices this year. I’m just wondering if you could help us characterize what’s happening with the European wood import that have either hit domestically and or impacting international markets. Do you see a peak of some of that European wood out there? Or how long will it take to work through some of that inventory that’s hitting the domestic market?
Devin Stockfish: We certainly have seen an uptick in particularly the European lumber hitting the U.S. market. And I’ll speak to Japan here in just a moment as well. I think that’s a function really of a couple different things. First, if you look back over the last couple of years, clearly the lumber pricing dynamic in the U.S. made it a very attractive place to send wood. And so even overcoming the logistics and transportation costs, it was a margin positive move to get lumber from Europe into the U.S. market. Even as lumber prices have come down in the U.S., I think to some extent it’s still probably the best margin opportunity for some lumber because the European demand has really come down with all of the dynamics that are going on there. And so, I think you’re going to see European imports come down a little bit in 2023, probably not dramatically, however, until you start to see the European economy and European demand pick up. We did see in Japan a pretty significant slug of lumber hitting that market at the end of 2022. And as Davie mentioned, that has put a little bit of pressure on the Japanese market for our customers and our log deliveries. We have started to see the European volume coming into Japan Wayne [ph]. And so we expect that excess inventory of European lumber to work down here in the second quarter. And we should be back into a more normalized position as we get into the third quarter. I think over the long term though, Buck, the reality is with the beetle infestation issue that they’ve had in Central Europe, that volume is rapidly becoming less viable, I think as the Russian imports of lumber into Europe. Assuming that those don’t come back in a material way in the near future. The overall dynamic is going to be the Europeans will have to keep more lumber in Europe in a normalized circumstance. And so I think this is a short-term issue that will resolve itself in the not too distant future.
Buck Horne: Very helpful color. I appreciate that. And then shifting to – you mentioned capacity that’s come into the U.S. South in terms of mill production. Can you help us maybe characterize in terms of like how quickly some of that capacity is coming online in the U.S. South? Is that – is the growth rate that you’re seeing faster and are we bringing in more lumber capacity in the U.S. South than we’re – I guess replacing that’s being curtailed in Canada? Or how do you see that dynamic in terms of what’s being added domestically versus what’s coming out to Canada?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There has certainly been a lot of new capacity coming into the South. But we’ve also seen a lot of capacity coming out of BC. I suspect there will be more to come. If you just step back and look at the overall amount of new lumber capacity into the U.S., it’s really not a significant amount over the last several years. Now we’re continuing to see new mills come in and new announcements, although that’s probably slowed just a little bit over the last six to nine months because of what’s going on in the broader economy. But I think a good way to think about it is, you’re going to see 1 billion, 1.5 billion board feet come into the South more or less every year for the next little bit. But I think you’re going to see a comparable amount come out of British Columbia just given what’s going on and the dynamic there. So net North American lumber editions, I’m not sure it’s going to be all that much really.
Buck Horne: Very helpful. Appreciate that. Thanks guys.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thank you.
David Wold: Thanks, Buck.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. Thank you. Thanks for getting me in late. Just a couple quick questions here. Number one, Devin, Davie, can you remind us or call out what the headwind factors, the strikes, the weather, what that might have taken away from fourth quarter and perhaps aided operations specifically in wood products during the first quarter? And similarly, were there any things that specifically or particularly went well for you on operations within the wood segments during the first quarter because performance there was well ahead of our forecast even with the decline in realizations? Second question I had, all my other ones have pretty much been asked. Can you remind us what you’re seeing in terms of log inventories in China at the ports? I seem to remember that inventories remain pretty elevated. But the outlook seems to be relatively stable to construct it from your vantage point. So I just want to see what the interplay is between inventories at the ports and what you’re saying? Thanks so much and good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, George. So, maybe I’ll take China first and then comment briefly on the lumber piece. From a China standpoint, the latest published numbers from an inventory standpoint in China were down. However, what we saw on the ground in April is a number of ships that were coming over from New Zealand with wood that had been delayed post cyclone. And so I think the inventories in the next published number are going to be up a bit. And I think we’ve also seen some very low quality European logs in that market that they’re trying to get rid of more or less at fire sale prices. And so I think here in the very near term, it’s just going to be a little bit softer environment as they work through some of that inventory. That being said, the takeaway has really started to pick up here as we’ve come out of the Lunar New Year. I think as we get out past this period of working through some of this inventory that support at the moment, we’re feeling pretty good about the back half of the year in China. I think that will be a nice flex opportunity for us out of the Pacific Northwest. On the lumber side and Davie may have the specific numbers in terms of the Q4 impact. But I would say beyond the strike impact, the one thing I would point out is just as we get into an environment where, as I mentioned earlier, turnover is starting to lessen a little bit more stability. We’ve got the transportation networks that are starting to get a little bit more, I would say healthy and so. On balance, the business just ran better overall in Q1. And I think that’s really again a testament to the work that our teams are doing and what’s still a relatively challenging environment.
David Wold: Yes, George. I just call out the impact in Q4 would have been pretty negligible based on where margins were at that point in time of the work stoppage. I mean, we had a marginal amount of cost associated that may have offset those marginal piece of additional income there. So not really much there. I just call out just another great example of the work we’ve done over time on our cost structure and the OpEx performance of the team to deliver a great quarter in challenging market conditions.
George Staphos: So Davie on a going forward basis, obviously, there’s going to be seasonality and – but if we hold pricing constant, this is pretty much a good baseline for operations and for our own margin forecast on a going forward basis, would that be fair?
David Wold: Yes, I’d say so. As Devin referenced earlier, we’ve seen some easing on the inflationary side with the labor piece still kind of being persistently strong. But across the board in terms of the other costs, we’re seeing some nice signs of easing there. So I think this would be a reasonable baseline moving forward.
George Staphos: Understood. Very good performance. Thanks guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, George.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: Okay. Well, thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. And thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Taylor, you may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Davie Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported full year GAAP earnings of $1.9 billion or $2.53 per diluted share on net sales of $10.2 billion. Excluding special items, our full-year 2022 earnings totaled $2.2 billion or $3.02 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $3.7 billion for the year. For the fourth quarter, we reported GAAP earnings of $11 million or $0.02 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Excluding an after-tax charge of $160 million for the special items, we earned $171 million or $0.24 per diluted share for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $369 million. This is a 37% decrease from the third quarter and was largely driven by further softening in Wood Products markets as cautious sentiment continued to weigh on the near-term housing and macroeconomic outlook. I’ll begin this morning by expressing my appreciation to our employees for their strong execution and performance in 2022. Notwithstanding a number of supply chain disruptions and dynamic market conditions over the course of the year, our teams operated safely, continued to serve our customers and drove meaningful improvements across our businesses. Through their efforts, we delivered our second highest annual adjusted EBITDA on record and are well positioned to navigate a more challenged market environment entering 2023. Additionally, as highlighted on page 20 of our earning slides, we generated more than $2.3 billion of adjusted funds available for distribution in 2022, again demonstrating the strong cash generation capability in combining our unmatched portfolio of assets with industry-leading operating performance. We announced yesterday that our Board of Directors declared a supplemental cash dividend of $0.90 per share, payable on February 27th to holders of record on February 15th. When combined with our quarterly base dividends of $0.72 per share, we’re returning total dividends to shareholders of $1.62 per share. Including $550 million of shares repurchase during the year, Weyerhaeuser is returning $1.75 billion of total cash to shareholders based on 2022 results, or 75% of 2022 adjusted FAD, which is in line with our annual targeted payout range of 75% to 80%. As summarized on page 21, we’ve now completed the second full year of our new cash return framework. Upon payment of the supplemental dividend, we will have returned more than $3.8 billion in total cash to shareholders based on 2021 and 2022 results, through a combination of cash dividends and share repurchase. We continue to believe this framework will enhance our ability to drive long-term shareholder value by returning meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash back to shareholders across a range of market conditions and deliver an attractive total dividend yield to our shareholders. Moving forward into 2023, our cash return commitment will continue to be supported by our sustainable quarterly base dividend, which we intend to grow by 5% annually through 2025. As outlined in our cash return framework on page 19, we plan to supplement our base dividend with an additional return of cash, as appropriate, to achieve our targeted annual payout of 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD. And as demonstrated in 2021 and 2022, we have the flexibility in our framework to return this additional cash in the form of a supplemental cash dividend, or opportunistic share repurchase. With that, I’ll now turn to our fourth quarter business results. I’ll begin with Timberlands on pages 7 through 10 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $86 million to fourth quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA was $150 million, an $18 million decrease compared to the third quarter. This was largely driven by lower sales realizations in the West. For the full year, Timberlands adjusted EBITDA increased by 13% compared to 2021. These were strong results, and I am extremely proud of the focus and resiliency demonstrated by our teams in 2022. Turning to our western Timberlands operations. Domestic log market softened at the outset of the fourth quarter, driven primarily by lower lumber pricing and ample log supply in the system. This drove domestic log pricing to lower levels early in the quarter. As the quarter progressed, log supply into the market became more constrained, resulting from a seasonal reduction in log availability. This dynamic resulted in a temporary period of log price stability into December. For the quarter, our average domestic realizations were moderately lower than the third quarter. Our fee harvest and domestic sales volumes were higher, as the business quickly returned to full run rate operations following the resolution of our work stoppage. We plan to capture the majority of the deferred harvest volume from the work stoppage in 2023. Forestry and road costs were seasonally lower compared to the third quarter and per unit log and haul costs were comparable. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs was strong in the fourth quarter as our key customers sought to replenish lean inventories resulting from our work stoppage. That said, our export sales volumes to Japan were slightly lower as work stoppage related impacts to our export program were disproportionately higher in the fourth quarter, compared to the third quarter. Our average sales realizations were significantly lower as broader log market softened in Japan, due primarily to an oversupply of European lumber imports, as well as lower consumption driven by reduced housing activity. Log demand from our China customers was solid in the fourth quarter, and our export sales volumes increased significantly compared to the lower levels in the third quarter, when we intentionally kept more volume in the domestic market to capture higher margin opportunities. Our average sales realizations were significantly lower in the fourth quarter, as broader Chinese log markets softened due to lower consumption resulting from COVID disruptions and challenges in the Chinese real estate market. Moving to the south. Southern Timberlands adjusted EBITDA increased slightly compared to the third quarter. Similar to the last several quarters, notwithstanding adequate log supply and softening finished product pricing, southern sawlog and fiber markets remained fairly stable during the fourth quarter. Log demand was steady as mills continued to carry higher inventory levels to mitigate potential risks from supply chain and weather challenges. As a result, our sales realizations were comparable to the third quarter. Fee harvest volumes were slightly higher as weather conditions remained generally favorable for most of the quarter. Forestry and road costs decreased slightly, and per unit log and haul costs were comparable to the third quarter. On the export side, our southern program to China remains paused due to ongoing phytosanitary rules imposed by Chinese regulators. While it’s unclear when this issue will be resolved, we continue to have a positive longer term outlook for our southern export business to China. And in the interim, we will continue to grow our export business into India and other Asian markets. In the north, adjusted EBITDA increased slightly compared to the third quarter, due to significantly higher sales volumes as weather conditions were favorable. Our sales realizations decreased moderately. Turning to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources on pages 11 and 12. For the full year, Real Estate and ENR generated $329 million of adjusted EBITDA, slightly higher than our revised full year guidance, and 11% higher than 2021. This was driven primarily by exceptionally strong demand for HBU properties in 2022 as well as robust energy and natural resources activity for much of the year. In the fourth quarter, the segment contributed $24 million to earnings. Excluding a $10 million noncash impairment charge, resulting from the planned divestiture of legacy coal assets, the segment earned $34 million in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $46 million, a decrease of $14 million from the prior quarter, primarily due to a reduction in real estate acres sold. Although HBU demand has moderated somewhat in response to broader macroeconomic concerns, we continue to see steady interest from buyers seeking the safety of hard assets in an inflationary environment. Notably, we delivered our highest average price per acre for all of 2022 on our land sales in the fourth quarter. These are high value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. I’ll now make a few comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business. As shown on page 13, full year adjusted EBITDA from this business was $43 million, a 13% increase compared to 2021. Growth during the year was primarily driven by conservation activity, with ongoing contributions from our mitigation banking and renewable energy businesses. In addition, we achieved notable milestones in our emerging carbon businesses in 2022, including the announcement of our first two carbon capture and storage agreements, one of which was announced in the fourth quarter in partnership with Denbury. Similar to our agreement with Oxy Low Carbon Ventures announced earlier in 2022, the Denbury project will take several years to begin production, and we expect both projects will come on line in 2025 or 2026. Moving forward, we continue to advance discussions with high-quality developers of carbon capture and storage on portions of our Southern U.S. acreage and expect to announce additional agreements in the future. Turning briefly to forest carbon offsets, we’re nearing completion of our pilot project in Maine and expect third-party approval soon. This project serves as a proof of concept for Weyerhaeuser and positions us well to advance additional forest carbon projects in 2023. With these exciting developments, we continue to see multiyear growth potential from our Natural Climate Solutions business and maintain our target of reaching $100 million per year of EBITDA by the end of 2025. Moving to Wood Products on pages 14 through 16. Wood Products contributed $147 million to fourth quarter earnings and $197 million to adjusted EBITDA. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was a 50% reduction from the third quarter, largely driven by continued softening in Wood Products markets and lower product pricing. For the full year, our Wood Products business generated over $2.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA, and our engineering Wood Products business established a new annual EBITDA record. Additionally, our distribution business generated the highest annual EBITDA in over 15 years. These are outstanding results, and I’m proud of our team’s ability to deliver this level of performance, notwithstanding numerous challenges in 2022. Turning to some commentary on the Lumber and OSB markets. Benchmark prices for Lumber and OSB entered the fourth quarter showing signs of stabilization after falling for much of the third quarter. As the quarter progressed, both markets exhibited cautious buyer sentiment, resulting from a softening housing market in addition to broader concerns about the economy and inflation. Buyers maintained lean inventories and limited orders to necessity purchases through year-end. This drove benchmark prices lower for both, Lumber and OSB in the fourth quarter. As a result, the framing lumber composite pricing decreased by 24% compared to the third quarter and the OSB composite pricing decreased by 20%. That said, benchmark pricing for both projects -- products stabilized in January as buyers reentered the market to replenish lean inventories. Adjusted EBITDA for our lumber business decreased by $80 million compared to the third quarter. Our average sales realizations decreased by 11% in the fourth quarter with relative outperformance compared to the benchmark, resulting primarily from our regional and product mix. Our sales and production volumes decreased significantly compared to the third quarter. These decreases resulted from a combination of the work stoppage-related impacts in the Northwest, adverse weather conditions in December and challenged reliability at several mills during the quarter. As a result, unit manufacturing costs increased significantly during the quarter. Log costs were modestly lower, primarily for western logs. Specific to our Northwest mills, which resumed operations in November following the work stoppage, much of the lumber we sold in the fourth quarter was manufactured using logs purchased in the third quarter when log prices were higher. As a result, margins compressed and are expected to remain lower until we work through the higher-cost log inventories and log prices in the Northwest adjust to reflect current lumber pricing levels. Adjusted EBITDA for our OSB business decreased by $47 million compared to the third quarter, primarily due to the decrease in commodity pricing. Our average sales realizations decreased by 16% in the fourth quarter. Production volumes were comparable. However, sales volumes decreased slightly, resulting from weather-related disruption challenge -- weather-related transportation challenges in Canada late in the quarter. Unit manufacturing costs decreased moderately and fiber costs were slightly lower in the quarter. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA decreased by $56 million compared to the third quarter. This result is directly tied to recent softening in demand for EWP products which are primarily used in single-family home building applications. Although we often see demand for Engineered Wood Products slow somewhat during the winter months, the broader slowdown in the housing market in Q4 caused more of a pullback than ordinarily would be the case. As a result of this dynamic, our sales volumes decreased for all products compared to the third quarter. Production volumes were also lower as we elected to take temporary holiday downtime at several EWP facilities during the quarter. Our sales realizations decreased for all products, except for I-joist, which were comparable to the third quarter. Unit manufacturing costs were comparable in the fourth quarter, and raw material costs were moderately lower, primarily for OSB web stock. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $18 million compared to the third quarter, largely driven by lower sales volumes, primarily for EWP products. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Davie to discuss some financial items and our first quarter and 2023 outlook.
Davie Wold: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I will be covering key financial items and fourth quarter financial performance before moving into our first quarter and full year 2023 outlook. I’ll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on page 18. We generated $167 million of cash from operations in the fourth quarter, bringing our total for the year to more than $2.8 billion, our second highest full year operating cash flow on record. As Devin mentioned, we are returning $1.75 billion to shareholders based on 2022 results, which includes $550 million of share repurchases. Fourth quarter share repurchase activity totaled $146 million and we have approximately $375 million of remaining capacity under the $1 billion share repurchase program we announced in the third quarter of 2021. We will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with approximately $1.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents, of which $662 million is earmarked for the supplemental dividend we announced yesterday that will be paid in February. Our balance sheet remains strong with ample liquidity, and we ended the year with approximately $5 billion of gross debt. Fourth quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on page 17. Unallocated adjusted EBITDA increased by $16 million compared to the third quarter. This increase was primarily attributable to changes in intersegment profit elimination and LIFO as well as benefits resulting from lower-than-expected health care expenses and increased discount rates on workers’ compensation obligations. In the fourth quarter, we completed the purchase of a group annuity contract, which was approximately $420 million of our Canadian pension liabilities to an insurance carrier. The contract purchase was funded from our Canadian pension plan assets with no company cash contribution required. As a result of the transaction, fourth quarter special items included a $205 million noncash pretax settlement charge. This transaction is the latest in the series we have executed to reduce our pension plan obligations. Since we began these efforts in 2018, our pension obligations have decreased from $6.8 billion to $2.3 billion as of year-end 2022. Key outlook items for the first quarter and full year 2023 are presented on pages 23 and 24. In our Timberlands business, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly higher than the fourth quarter. Beginning with our Western Timberland operations, domestic log markets entered the first quarter showing continued signs of softening as a result of lower pricing and takeaway of finished products, along with elevated log inventories at mills. Regional log supply has improved compared to the fourth quarter and is expected to remain ample for the majority of the first quarter, notwithstanding winter weather disruptions. As a result, we expect our domestic log sales realizations to be significantly lower compared to the fourth quarter. Our fee harvest and domestic sales volumes are expected to be significantly higher in the first quarter as we have returned to full run rate operations following the work stoppage, which affected one month of operations in the fourth quarter. Per unit log and haul costs are expected to be moderately lower as we make the seasonal transition to lower elevation and lower-cost harvest operations. Forestry and road costs are expected to be significantly lower due to the seasonal nature of these activities. Moving to the export markets. Demand for our logs remained steady as customers in Japan and China work to build finished product inventories in preparation for seasonally stronger construction activity in the second quarter. We expect to significantly increase our export sales volumes to both markets compared to the fourth quarter, which was affected by one month of reduced export activity resulting from our work stoppage, but we also expect to shift additional volume to China to take advantage of higher-margin opportunities. That said, our export sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower in the first quarter as broader log markets continue to soften, resulting from the headwinds Devin previously mentioned. In the South, we expect log demand to remain fairly steady in the first quarter, although grade and fiber markets are showing signs of slight softening as we enter 2023, particularly fiber markets in the East. As a result, we expect our sales realizations to be slightly lower compared to the fourth quarter. Fee harvest volumes are expected to be slightly lower due to seasonally wet weather in the first quarter. Per unit log and haul costs and forestry and road costs are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. In the North, fee harvest volumes and sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower in the first quarter. Turning to our full year harvest plan. For 2023, we expect total company fee harvest volumes to increase to approximately 35 million tons. In the West, we anticipate our harvest volumes will be moderately higher than 2022 as we plan to capture the majority of the deferred harvest volumes resulting from our work stoppage. We expect our Southern harvest volumes to increase moderately compared to 2022 as we resume a more normalized level of activity following reduced harvest levels resulting from adverse weather conditions, primarily in the third quarter of 2022. We expect our Northern harvest volumes will be slightly higher year-over-year. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. As Devin mentioned, HBU demand has moderated somewhat in response to broader macroeconomic concerns. That said, we are still seeing steady demand for our real estate properties, and we continue to expect a consistent flow of transactions with significant premiums to timber value. We expect full year 2023 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $300 million for this segment. Consistent with previous years, we anticipate our real estate activity will be heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. Basis as a percentage of real estate sales is expected to be approximately 35% to 45% for the year. First quarter earnings before special items are expected to be approximately $10 million higher than the fourth quarter, while adjusted EBITDA is expected to be approximately $35 million higher, primarily due to the timing and mix of real estate sales. Turning to our Wood Products segment. As Devin mentioned, buyer sentiment remains cautious. That said, benchmark prices for Lumber and OSB have stabilized in January as buyers reentered the market to replenish lean inventories. Excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for Lumber and OSB, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be moderately higher compared to the fourth quarter. For lumber, we expect higher production and sales volumes in the first quarter and significantly lower unit manufacturing costs as we resumed operations in our Northwest mills following the work stoppage in the fourth quarter. We also anticipate improved reliability across the system. Log costs are expected to be moderately lower, primarily for Western logs. For OSB, we expect sales and production volumes to be moderately higher in the first quarter due to less planned downtime for annual maintenance and improved transportation networks following extreme winter weather in December. We expect fiber costs and unit manufacturing costs to be lower compared to the fourth quarter. As shown on page 25, our current and quarter-to-date average sales realizations for Lumber and OSB are both moderately lower than the fourth quarter averages. For Engineered Wood Products, we expect significantly lower sales realizations in the first quarter, resulting from softening demand for EWP products. Sales volumes are expected to be slightly lower for solid section products while I-joist sales volumes are expected to be moderately higher. We anticipate significantly lower raw material costs, primarily for OSB web stock. For our distribution business, we are expecting lower adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter due to lower margins for all products. I’ll wrap up with some additional full year outlook items highlighted on page 24. Our full year 2022 interest expense was $270 million. This represents a $43 million reduction from the prior year, largely due to the strategic refinancing transaction we completed in the first quarter of 2022. For full year 2023, we expect interest expense will be unchanged at approximately $270 million. Turning to taxes. Our full year 2022 effective tax rate was approximately 20%, excluding special items. For first quarter and full year 2023, we expect our effective tax rate will be between 12% and 14% before special items based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. For cash taxes, we paid $566 million for full year 2022, which was slightly higher than our tax expense, excluding special items, due to the timing of Canadian tax payments. We expect our 2023 cash taxes will be comparable to our overall tax expense. For pension and post-employment plans, the year-end 2022 funded status improved by approximately $100 million, primarily due to higher discount rates compared to year-end 2021. Excluding our fourth quarter settlement charge, our noncash, non-operating pension and post-employment expense was approximately $50 million in 2022. We expect to record a similar total at approximately $50 million of expense in 2023. Cash paid for pension and post-employment plans in 2022 was $24 million. In 2023, we do not anticipate any cash contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan, and our required cash payments for all other plans will be approximately $25 million. Turning now to capital expenditures. Our full year 2022 capital spend totaled $462 million plus $6 million of capitalized interest. We expect total capital spend for 2023 will be approximately $440 million, which includes $110 million for Timberlands, inclusive of reforestation costs, $315 million for Wood Products and $15 million for planned corporate IT system investments. I’ll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. As we begin to wrap up this morning, I’ll make a few brief comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Residential construction activity has clearly softened from the peak levels of 2022, particularly in the single-family segment. As we enter 2023, buyer sentiment remains cautious for new and existing homes and is being driven by numerous ongoing headwinds. Most notable is the affordability challenge brought about by increased mortgage rates, combined with significant increases in home prices over the last two years. In addition, we believe buyer psychology is being influenced by uncertainty related to the trajectory of mortgage rates, general concerns about the economy and falling home prices in many markets. As a result, we anticipate a more challenged housing market compared to the last couple of years, particularly in the first half of 2023. That being said, there are some signs recently that the environment may be improving. Mortgage rates have ticked down from recent highs. Homebuilder sentiment improved in January and mortgage application activity has picked up over the last several weeks. Additionally, the labor market remains fairly strong overall and household balance sheets are generally in good shape. There are still plenty of people who want a home and can still get a mortgage, but many buyers are likely to remain on the sidelines until we see some improvements, but at the very least some stabilization in certain macroeconomic and housing-related trends. I will note, however, that despite what may be a period of choppiness in the near term, our longer-term view on the housing fundamentals continue to be very favorable, supported by strong demographic trends and a vastly underbuilt housing stock. Turning to repair and remodel. Activity in the repair and remodel market remained fairly stable in the fourth quarter and continue to be supported by steady demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment continued to soften from the elevated levels of the last couple of years and has returned to a more normalized pre-pandemic level. In the near term, we expect stable demand from the repair and remodel segment, albeit perhaps at a slightly lower level than what we’ve seen over the last couple of years. Looking out beyond 2023, most of the key drivers supporting healthy repair and remodel demand remain intact and support our more bullish long-term outlook, including favorable home equity levels and an aging housing stock. Now, before we move into questions, I’d like to provide an update on the progress we made in 2022 against the multiyear targets we set out during our Investor Day in September of 2021. As highlighted on slide 22, we’re progressing well on all fronts. Last year, we deployed approximately $300 million on Timberland acquisitions, including our Carolinas transaction. We grew our Natural Climate Solutions EBITDA by 13% compared to 2021 and announced our first two carbon capture and storage deals, and we remain on track to grow this business to $100 million of EBITDA by year-end 2025. Last year, our teams captured approximately $40 million of margin improvements across our businesses and also made meaningful progress against our other OpEx priorities. I’m extremely pleased with this result, considering the inflationary pressures we experienced in 2022. We made progress against our 2030 greenhouse gas emissions reduction target. And finally, we demonstrated our ongoing commitment to disciplined capital allocation by increasing our quarterly dividend by 5.9% and returning $1.75 billion to shareholders, based on 2022 results. So, in closing, our performance in 2022 reflected solid execution across all of our businesses. Entering 2023, our balance sheet is exceptionally strong, we have a competitive cost structure, and we are well positioned to navigate through a range of market conditions. We’ll remain focused on servicing our customers and driving long-term value for shareholders through our unrivaled portfolio, industry-leading performance, strong ESG foundation and disciplined capital allocation. So with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is, can you perhaps give us some more details on the Wood Products business based on the comments of a pickup as we came into the first couple of weeks of this year? Can you talk a bit about the supply and demand conditions on the ground as we go into the spring and the builders are obviously ramping up a bit, trying to get things closed and trying to have inventory on the ground for the selling season, and then, the opportunities for Weyerhaeuser within that, given your cost structure relative to some of your peers?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Good questions, Sue. I mean, look, we have seen a little bit of a pickup here really over the last few weeks on the Wood Products side. I think that’s a reflection of a few things. Number one, going into the end of the year, most buyers really had very low inventories. And I think that was just a reflection of a lot of concern over what was going to be happening in the housing market. So, inventory levels were really low going into the end of the year. We’ve seen a few, I think, green shoots on the housing side, whether it’s the new home sales numbers, albeit down quite a bit from last year, up month-over-month. You’ve seen homebuilder sentiment pick up a little bit. So, I think there’s maybe a little bit more optimism than there was perhaps a month ago. And so, that’s driving a little bit of sentiment. I think the other piece of it, which is probably even more impactful, is just on the supply side. We’ve seen a fair bit of curtailment activity over the last few months up to another action this week from one of our competitors. And so, I think that’s driving things to be a little bit more in balance. I do think we’re probably still several weeks, if not a month, from really seeing a meaningful pickup from spring building activity. I think we’ll have a better sense as we get deeper into February as how that’s shaping up. But overall, it’s certainly been a tougher period over the last several months. But, as we head into the spring building season, we start to see mortgage rates tick down. I think we’re optimistic that it will be a little bit better than it was expected, even just a few months ago. In terms of our cost structure, that’s really been, I think, one of the true success stories at this company over the last several years. The work that we’ve done around OpEx just year after year after year driving improvements has put us in, I think, a very good competitive position from a cost standpoint, which is always important, and we’re always focused on it, but particularly when you have these market dips, it becomes very important. So I think we’re really well positioned with the scale, the cost structure that we have in place to navigate through market conditions, regardless of what they end up being for the first half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Congratulations on the good end to the year. My two questions are around timber. There was a lot of discussion as we go into the year on I think you mentioned high-margin opportunities in China, some opportunities in Japan as well, yet there also seem to be some headwinds in terms of the market activity and ultimately, what will be realizations. Could you give us a bit more color, Devin and Davie, in terms of what we should take away in terms of the realization outlook, and why in timber in the export markets on the west? And I ask, particularly given that, at least from the day that we see and certainly there’s a lag on it, exports to China on softwood are down quite a bit? My second question is can you talk a bit about the prospects for Climate Solutions to tension the timber markets, where would you expect to see the most impact and when and from which of your Climate Solutions business is in terms of ultimately helping support timber pricing in the future? Thank you, guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Thanks, George. Well, with respect to your first question and that’s primarily, I think, a question about the Pacific Northwest. The dynamic is really being driven right now by lumber prices. So, as you say, I do think we’re going to see a pickup in export activity out of the Pacific Northwest, both to Japan and China, particularly coming out of the Lunar New Year period, we’re expecting our exports to China to really ramp back up. And so, that’s going to be a nice healthy offtake and we’re going to see more volume going to the export market out of the Northwest. And so, ordinarily, you would see that tension things up and support pricing. But the reality is in the domestic market, log prices are going to have to be within a range where the manufacturers can still generate a profit. And frankly, until you see those log prices come down a little bit given where lumber prices have been, that’s been a real challenge. And so, I think ultimately, what’s going to be the governor on pricing in the Northwest is really what happens with lumber prices. Now, if you were to see lumber prices start coming back up as we enter the spring building season and some of the weather issues in California resolve, so you see more takeaway out of that important market, to the extent lumber prices come up, then I think you’ll see log prices follow. It continues to be a very tension wood basket. Regardless of lumber prices, there’s just a shortage of log supply in the Pacific Northwest, and that will ultimately be reflected in log prices, particularly as we see exports pick up. But again, you’re just not going to see that to the extent that lumber prices stay at a lower level. So, that’s the answer on the log side. Just in terms of the Natural Climate Solutions business and tensioning log markets, I think, candidly, we’re still a ways away from that. The primary tool for doing that is going to be on the forest carbon side. I do think over time that is going to be a big opportunity, not just for us but for other landowners. But we’re still in the early innings, I think, of that market developing. You can read the commentary on it. I think as a whole, the market is still figuring out exactly how these carbon markets are going to work. So, that’s still probably got a little bit of time before that has any real material impact. And frankly, I do think just remember, there’s lots of forest land in the United States. So I think that’s probably still a ways out before that becomes a real issue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Devin, in lumber, you talked about, I think, the very large number of curtailments that we’ve seen in BC. And I was wondering, in aggregate, do you have a sense if there are still kind of meaningful curtailments to go, or has that maybe sort of run its course and was more sort of a seasonal -- the seasonal actions with lumber, maybe back above 400, could we see some of that capacity coming back? I was just wondering if you could kind of talk about how the dynamic in BC could play out this year, assuming we’re somewhere close to current lumber prices.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, look, I’ll just say at the outset, it’s hard for me to comment specifically on the cost structure of my competitors. So, I’ll just offer some broad commentary because we obviously do have some operations in BC. And I think certainly, we’ve seen a fair amount of capacity curtailment. I don’t think that was unexpected, just given the higher cost structure that you see in British Columbia now. A variety of reasons for that, and we’ve discussed that in the past. I think the curtailment activity is just going to be dependent on where lumber prices go. I think for where we were for much of the fourth quarter, particularly at the end of the year, it would be very challenging for the economics to make sense in British Columbia. Now, we’ve seen prices come up just a little bit. As you know, the log price adjustment mechanism does happen quarterly, so that will adjust down a little bit. But, it remains a very high-cost region to manufacture lumber. And so, lumber prices are going to have to stay well north of probably the historical averages for the economics to work in that geography. And I’d say too in the Pacific Northwest for that matter. The log cost to lumber ratio that we’ve seen recently has been pretty challenging for the Pacific Northwest. And so, I suspect there are a number of producers that have been challenged in this environment as well. So, until you see lumber prices go up or log prices go down, the economics are challenging, and you could see continued curtailment activity.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. And then just following up on George’s question on Natural Climate Solutions. If you look at the kind of the work streams and the different activities there, whether it’s wind or solar or forest carbon or CCS, is there a sense that sort of partner interest and adoption is maybe progressing faster than expected or maybe slower than expected if you look at those different categories compared to when you kind of first unveiled those targets at your Analyst Day? And are there any sort of obstacles or pain points as you pursue some of these projects? Just curious if there’s any additional color there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I would say, on balance, the interest level has gone up since we first announced this target. And that’s really true across the board, whether you’re talking about conservation, mitigation with all the infrastructure activity that’s going to happen over the next several years, there’s going to be a lot of need for mitigation banking, carbon capture and storage, particularly with the 45Q tax credit going up to $85, solar wind, forest carbon. There’s really a very significant amount of interest across all of those categories. The challenge is the time line to get these things to come to fruition. And that’s true, particularly when you talk about the renewables, you think about solar. The demand for solar is off the chart. The challenge is every one of these projects has to go through a local permitting process and to get tied into the grid. And there’s just way more activity than there is administrative support to make that happen. So, the time line for these things, carbon capture and storage, et cetera, it’s just going to take time for these things to come to fruition. But I would say our confidence in the opportunity set in Natural Climate Solutions is higher today than it was when we announced these targets in 2021. It’s just the time line. That’s the big question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets.
Ketan Mamtora: Thank you, and good morning. Within your sort of the Wood Products CapEx outlook that you talked about for 2023, can you talk about sort of two or three key projects that you have for this year?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, a couple of things I would highlight. Part of our program, and this has been the case with the exception of our Dierks project, our Millport project and the Holden project that’s ongoing currently. The vast majority of our projects are not really big enormous capital projects, they’re replication projects that are -- whether it’s a merchandiser, a new gangsaw, a new CDK, I mean, those are the kinds of projects that we’re really doing across the system. And so it’s all about going in mill by mill according to a multiyear road map, finding the roadblocks and bottlenecks and taking those out so that we can drive down costs, improve reliability, drive efficiencies and then obviously, there’s some come along volume that is a part of that as well. So, it’s not any particular big project other than Holden, which we did start up the sawmill at the end of last year, we’ll be starting up the planer mill later this year. So, that project is going well. But other than Holden, there’s not any particular project that I would really highlight. It’s just a number of projects, all of which are largely replications of things that we’ve already done in other facilities.
Ketan Mamtora: Got it. That’s helpful, Devin. And then, just very quickly, we are starting to see kind of more European lumber make its way into the U.S. Do you think that there is more room for that to grow in 2023?
Devin Stockfish: I think that’s potentially the case around the margins. We’ve certainly seen more European lumber coming into the market. So, on a percentage basis, year-over-year, it might look like a lot. But relative to the overall North American consumption, it’s still a pretty small percentage. And so, even if we do see a little bit of a pickup in the near term, I don’t think it’s going to fundamentally impact the overall supply-demand dynamic. The one thing I would say is, over time, I would expect that European lumber supply to go down somewhat for a couple of reasons. Number one, with the beetle kill and the fires, et cetera, that we’ve seen across Central Europe, there are a number of years that you’re going to see elevated harvest levels to work through that salvage. But ultimately, that fiber supply is going to go away. And then the second piece being just with the bans on the Russian and Belarus lumber coming into Europe, if Europe is in a normal state, you would expect more of that European lumber to have to stay domestic. Now obviously, that’s not the case because of the general economic conditions in Europe right now. So you still have, I think, a fair bit of that lumber coming into the U.S. But in any event, over the longer term, I would expect that to moderate, if not go down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. One question, and I’m certainly not projecting that this would be the case. But if markets were very weak in a given year and it ended up that your FAD wasn’t at a level where even at 75%, you would meet the base dividend, would you still meet that? Or again, just it’s not even in the contemplation universe right now, so you haven’t really assessed that question.
Davie Wold: Yes. I mean, look, Mark, we’ve -- when we established the dividend framework, we looked at a number of different scenarios in establishing the level where we were going to put that base dividend and we feel confident in our ability to meet that. And I think coming back to some of the things we’ve been doing with that base dividend being tied primarily to the Timberlands and Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources businesses, the Carolinas acquisition, for example, that helps us have confidence in our ability to increase that base over time and meet that and additionally, the work we’ve been doing in the Natural Climate Solutions business to increase that target over time, along with our day-to-day commitment to OpEx and innovation. So I would say that gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to meet that over time.
Mark Weintraub: Sure. And then just philosophically, is it fair to say then that if there were for whatever reasons, there was this short-term issue that led to a shortfall that you would cover it with the high degree of confidence you have that over time, it’s a very, very manageable number, is that fair?
Davie Wold: Yes, absolutely.
Mark Weintraub: Two other quick ones. One, Devin, you talked about price realizations, Pacific Northwest and kind of the drivers there for the Timber business. In the South, we’ve seen obviously, packaging demand has also been quite weak recently. And you laid out kind of some of the challenges in housing. Is that just a much stickier in pricing framework? So, what do you expect to see in the U.S. South for realizations as the year proceeds?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I mean, first of all, you’re absolutely right. With the South, it’s just a much less volatile pricing dynamic than you see in the West. So you’re not going to see those big quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year swings in pricing in the South. I think when we look out to 2023, particularly the first half, I do think we’re going to see some moderation in terms of the pricing dynamic, probably be down just a little bit. And that’s a reflection of a couple of things. One, we do see end market pricing softening, and that’s true both on the Wood Product side but also the pulp and paper side in general. But I think the bigger issue is one of the drivers in the South that’s been keeping prices high the last couple of years has been a general -- I would call it, urgency on the behalf of mills to keep high inventory levels of logs. And that was really just to mitigate downside risk because of the supply chain challenges, trucking, logging capacity, et cetera. So, I think that was a little bit of a support mechanism for pricing over the last couple of years. I still don’t think we’re in a place where you have an overcapacity of logging or hauling capacity in the South, but it’s eased around the margin. So, I expect pricing to soften just a little bit, broadly speaking, across the South in the first half. But the trajectory of pricing in the South, we still believe will be up over time with capacity additions and all the same drivers that have been really kind of pushing that up over the last couple of years.
Mark Weintraub: And lastly, just real quick. So, we have seen more of a bounce in lumber than OSB. Is that just because it overshot more and you’re getting some more of the supply response in BC, or -- any other thoughts as to why that’s happened to date and any perspective you have kind of going forward?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think that’s exactly right, Mark. I think it’s largely a function of the supply response. OSB is a little different. Unlike Lumber where you can take a few shifts here, a few ships there, OSB is pretty lumpy in terms of capacity coming on and off, and you just haven’t really seen that. So, I think that’s really the primary difference.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland: Thank you, Devin, Davie and Andy for taking my questions. First one, just wanted to get a sense from you on -- your thoughts around China and potential for exports, particularly given how China has eliminated its COVID restriction. So, is there the potential -- are you seeing the potential for even greater demand to the country now that they’ve -- reducing those restrictions around COVID?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I mean, the short answer is yes. I think as they come out of the COVID restrictions, that will create more opportunity. But just for a little more context, China has been an interesting market of late. There have been a lot of puts and takes. Demand clearly has been down primarily as a result of the COVID lockdowns, but also just a broader shakeup in the real estate industry in China. So, I’d say on balance, log demand, lumber demand in China has been down of late. But there have also been a lot of supply impacts as well. So with the Russian log ban, the Australian log ban, I think you’re seeing some of the European log flow from the salvage activity start to wane a little bit. So, there have been, I think, impacts on both sides of the ledger. For us specifically, we’ve got long-term customers. The demand for us was actually higher than the volume that we sent there last year. And as we’ve said, that was really just a function of capturing the better margin opportunities domestically. As those two have come a little bit more into balance, freight costs have come down, we are anticipating ramping up our China volume into Q1. And that’s -- I think that would be the case regardless of what’s going on in China, just because our customers need that wood. But I do think coming out of the Lunar New Year in China, you’re going to see log and lumber demand pick up. They’ve been in a relative soft spot for a while. So, I think there’s going to be plenty of opportunity for us to ramp up our export volumes to China.
Mike Roxland: Got you. I appreciate the color. And then just on the repair and remodel markets, obviously, you reiterated this quarter that it’s held up pretty well thus far in the professional segment. If you look back historically, there is a correlation between single-family housing starts -- or housing starts in general and repair and remodel -- typically repair and remodel follows housing starts by a couple of quarters. Wondering if you have any insights into the cadence of repair and remodel during 4Q? And whether that -- with activity is really steady or maybe it sort of started to decline as the quarter progressed? And then just quickly, with all the repair and remodel that has occurred over the last several years of people working from home, what gives you the confidence that R&R should continue to persist going forward at an elevated rate?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, in repair and remodel, I think there are a number of variables at play. And to some extent, it makes it a little bit harder to forecast than normal. I do think most of the drivers behind strong repair and remodel that we’ve seen over the last several years are still in place. You’ve got homeowners with a lot of equity. You’ve got an aging housing stock. A lot of these older houses are smaller and have different layouts than some of the newer homes. So, I think that provides an incentive for homeowners to upgrade and add on to existing older homes. I think the other dynamic that’s somewhat new with so many people having refinanced mortgages at lower rates to the extent that keeps them in existing house rather than going out and purchasing a new home at a higher mortgage, I think that could be also a catalyst for more repair and remodel activity. Now, of course, as you mentioned, historically, buying and selling a home is one of the times people often do repair and remodel projects. And so, that could be a little bit of a headwind to the extent that activity dies down a little bit. So, lots of puts and takes. But I think we’re still expecting solid repair and remodel activity this year, albeit probably a little bit lower than we’ve seen over the last couple of years. But we’re still seeing good activity. Now, to your question about how did that trend in the fourth quarter, I mean there’s always a little bit of seasonality when you get into the cold months. You’re not going to be having people build decks in December like they would be in the spring. So, there’s a seasonality impact. But on balance, we’re still seeing solid demand and would expect that to continue in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Just one question, just to sneak it under the hour on lumber. You’ve got the goal of growing it by 5% a year, and I appreciate the strike impacted and sales volumes were down a little bit over 5% in ‘22. But in the U.S. South, was your production up 5% in ‘22?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it wasn’t. And when we talk about that multiyear goal and so just to reiterate, that’s getting to 5.7 billion board feet by the end of 2025. We are doing the work year-to-year through our capital programs to get to that level. Now year-to-year, the production will vary depending on what’s going on. And you look at what happened last year between COVID, the strike, a number of other issues that we dealt with last year with supply chain, labor, et cetera, we did see our production volume reduce year-over-year. But, the underlying projects that build the capacity within the system to accommodate 5.7 billion, we’re still on track for that and expect to get there. But again, year-to-year, it will just depend on what the market dynamics are in terms of actual production.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson.
Kurt Yinger: Great. Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Just starting on the share repurchase side. I mean, do you expect to take your foot off the gas at all given what’s likely to be a much leaner at least near term on the cash generation front to kind of ensure you can accrue some cash for a supplemental dividend next year, or how do you think about matching buyback activity with underlying cash flow as the year progresses?
Davie Wold: Yes. You bet, Kurt. So, we’re constantly evaluating how we think about share repurchase, the dynamic process, looking at all the factors, really, it comes back to weighing all the options available to us and allocating the capital in a way that creates the most long-term value for shareholders. So, as you know, we were active in 2022. We did $550 million of share repurchase, progressing well against our overall authorization. And as we’ve demonstrated, we’ve got the ability with our cash return framework to allow us to supplement the base with either the cash dividend or share repurchase. So, looking ahead to 2023, our process for evaluating it remains the same. I will note, of course, that with our cash return framework, to your point, the amount of cash committed to return to shareholders is going to flex up or down year-to-year based on the amount of FAD generated. But really, as we think about it from a framework perspective, from how we evaluate it, all that remains consistent, and we’ll continue to assess repurchases along with all the other priorities available to us and report back to you quarterly on our activity.
Kurt Yinger: Okay. Makes sense. And then, just on EWP, could you maybe put some numbers or a range around kind of what you’re thinking on sequential pricing in Q1? Obviously, there’s a lot of quarter left, but it is a product where you should have greater relative visibility than the commodity. So, any thoughts there would be helpful.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, as you know, the EWP market is most closely tied to single-family housing. And so, as we’ve seen that market slow, it has had an impact on EWP demand and you could see in our quarterly numbers in terms of production, we did take some extra holiday downtime to try to better match that. So, I think as we think about pricing generally, it’s always trying to balance market share, margins, operating posture, et cetera. We did take -- we did implement a targeted price reduction in EWP. We’ll kind of see how the rest of the quarter plays out to determine what that pricing trajectory looks like. Probably not going to give specifics on the pricing just for competitive reasons, but I would note, we’re still obviously above pre-pandemic levels. And to the extent that we see housing start to pick up again, we feel like we’re in a really good competitive position with our Engineered Wood Products.
Operator: Our final question this morning comes from the line of Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Devin, I wanted to talk a little bit about Timberlands, the overall kind of sentiment there. As we think about the cyclical versus the secular trends coming into this year, what is the overall appetite and sentiment there for those assets? And are you seeing any differences by region?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think the reality, and we’ve seen this really over the last couple of years, and my expectation is this is going to continue. There has been a lot of interest in the Timberlands asset class. And that’s from the traditional players, the REITs, the TMOs, the private integrators, just a lot of interest there. But we’re also seeing interest come in from some new types of investors. And I think that’s really driven a lot of activity. Last year, we were over $5 billion of Timberlands transaction activity. Our expectation is we’ll still be north of $3 billion for this year. So, just a lot of interest there. And I think there’s a few things. Number one, we have seen log prices trending up a little bit, so that could be driving some of it. But I think the bigger piece is just a lot more interest in the ESG properties of owning timberlands in an environment where there’s so much focus on climate. I think, they’re starting to be a better realization and recognition of some of the alternative values that are inherent in owning Timberlands, and that’s renewables, carbon, real estate, et cetera. So, just a lot of interest there. My expectation is that’s going to continue into 2023. Our view is that the trajectory for Timberlands is very positive in the years to come.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, I think that was our last question. So, I’ll just say thanks to everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor. You may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2022 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Davie Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish : Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Yesterday, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $310 million or $0.42 per diluted share on net sales of $2.3 billion. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $583 million in the third quarter. This is approximately 52% lower than the second quarter and was largely driven by further softening in lumber and OSB pricing as cautious sentiment weighed on the near-term housing and macroeconomic outlook. Additionally, and to a lesser degree, third quarter results were also impacted by the work stoppage in our Washington and Oregon wood products and timberlands operations. The work stoppage commenced on September 13 and impacted our 4 lumber mills in the Northwest as well as a portion of our Western Timberlands operations. I'm pleased to report that as of last night, we've resolved the work stoppage, and we'll begin resuming operations next week. I want to acknowledge how important these jobs are to our employees, their families and our communities and how difficult this situation has been for all involved. We appreciate everyone who worked diligently over many months to come to an agreement that is fair and competitive for our employees, and importantly, that we believe is sustainable for our company throughout the business cycle. With the work stoppage resolved, we're focused on welcoming our employees back, supporting our customers and returning to full operating capacity in the Northwest as quickly as possible. We currently expect to ramp up to full operating posture over 7 to 10 days after returning to work. With that, I'll now turn to our third quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands on Pages 5 through 8 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $107 million to third quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $168 million, a $3 million increase compared to the year ago quarter. And third quarter EBITDA decreased by $51 million compared to the second quarter. This was largely driven by lower sales volumes in the West, resulting from -- stoppage late in the quarter as well as lower average realizations in the West, partly due to less export volume being shipped in the quarter. Turning to the Western domestic market. Despite lower lumber pricing, log markets remained fairly stable in the third quarter as log demand was steady and log supply in certain areas was somewhat constrained by harvest and haul capacity. Although Weyerhaeuser did not experience these challenges, the impacts kept log markets tensioned for most of the quarter. As a result, our third quarter domestic sales realizations were comparable to the second quarter. Notwithstanding favorable weather conditions, our fee harvest and domestic sales volumes decreased compared to the second quarter as a result of the work stoppage that commenced in mid-September. It's worth noting that our Western log and haul activities are operated by a combination of Weyerhaeuser employees and outside contractors. As a result, a portion of our contract harvest and haul operations continued through the work stoppage. Our forestry and road costs were seasonally higher compared to the second quarter, and per unit log and haul costs were lower. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs softened somewhat in the third quarter due to a number of factors, including an increase of European lumber imports into Japan. Japanese log sales volumes decreased significantly compared to the second quarter due to the timing of shipments, combined with the reduction in log export activity resulting from the work stoppage. Sales realizations were slightly lower in the quarter. In China, demand for our logs softened modestly in the third quarter due to the ongoing impacts from disruptions in the Chinese real estate market as well as pandemic-related lockdowns. Despite softer demand, log inventories at the Chinese ports declined steadily from the elevated levels reported earlier in the year, as log supply headwinds persisted. These include restrictions on Australian log imports, Russia's ban on log exports and a reduction in European wood flow into China. Average sales realizations for our China export logs decreased moderately compared to the second quarter, and sales volumes were significantly lower as we continue to intentionally shift volume to the domestic market to capture better margin opportunities. Our third quarter sales volumes to China were further impacted by a reduction in log export activity resulting from the work stoppage. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands’ adjusted EBITDA was comparable to the second quarter and year ago quarter. Despite adequate log supply and softening finished product pricing, Southern sawlog and fiber markets remained stable for the majority of the third quarter as mills maintain steady demand to mitigate risks from ongoing supply chain challenges. As a result, our sales realizations were comparable to the second quarter. Fee harvest volumes were also comparable as weather conditions were better than expected in certain geographies and affected our harvest activity for a portion of the third quarter. Forestry and road costs were seasonally higher and per unit log and haul costs were comparable to the second quarter. On the export side, our log exports to China out of the U.S. South remain paused due to ongoing rules imposed by Chinese regulators to address potential phytosanitary concerns on imported pine logs. As a result, we continue to redirect logs to domestic mills in the India market during the third quarter. We continue to view this as a temporary headwind and maintain a positive longer-term outlook for our Southern export business to China and other Asian markets. In the North, adjusted EBITDA increased slightly compared to the second quarter due to significantly higher sales volumes resulting from the seasonal increase in harvest activity that is typical in the third quarter. Our sales realizations were comparable. Turning to real estate, energy and natural resources on Pages 9 and 10. Real Estate and ENR contributed $48 million to third quarter earnings and $60 million to adjusted EBITDA. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was comparable to the year ago quarter, but $47 million lower than the second quarter, primarily due to a reduction in real estate acres sold partially offset by an increase in royalty income from our Energy and Natural Resources business. Similar to recent years, our 2022 real estate activity has been heavily weighted toward the first half of the year. Although activity is moderating in response to broader macroeconomic uncertainty, we continue to see steady demand for HBU properties as buyers continue to seek the safety of hard assets, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. Regarding our Natural Climate Solutions business, we continue to engage with high-quality developers for renewable energy and carbon capture and storage opportunities across our acreage. And we're encouraged by the recent passage of the Inflation Reduction Act, which should drive incremental demand for these markets and further support our Natural Climate Solutions growth strategy. Additionally, we continue to advance our forest carbon pilot project in Maine and are well positioned for project approval over the next few months. Moving to Wood Products on Pages 11 through 13. Wood Products contributed $344 million to third quarter earnings and $395 million to adjusted EBITDA. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $517 million lower than the second quarter, largely driven by the decrease in lumber and OSB pricing during the quarter. Starting with the lumber and OSB markets. Benchmark lumber and OSB prices entered the third quarter having stabilized from significant declines earlier in the year as buyers reentered the market to bolster lean inventories. Buyer sentiment improved slightly following a brief decline in mortgage rates and in response to solid June housing starts data. This dynamic continued through most of July, resulting in a steady increase in benchmark pricing for both products. By early August, buyer sentiment once again turned cautious resulting from rapidly rising mortgage rates, housing affordability concerns and in response to unfavorable July housing starts data. Buyers remain cautious through the end of the quarter, largely limiting orders to necessity purchases. While OSB prices stabilized in September, lumber prices moved gradually lower throughout the end of the quarter. Although for context, it's important to note that lumber and OSB prices each remained at healthy levels on a historical basis. Adjusted EBITDA for our lumber business decreased by $271 million compared to the second quarter. Our average sales realizations decreased by 28%, while the framing lumber composite pricing decreased by 30%. Our sales and production volumes decreased moderately compared to the second quarter largely driven by the impact of the work stoppage at our Washington and Oregon mills. Unit manufacturing costs were higher during the quarter and log costs decreased moderately. Adjusted EBITDA for our OSB business decreased by $231 million compared to the second quarter. Our average sales realizations decreased by 41%, while the OSB composite pricing decreased by 44%. Our sales and production volumes decreased slightly compared to the second quarter due to downtime for planned annual maintenance. Third quarter sales volumes were further impacted by ongoing rail challenges in Canada. Unit manufacturing costs were higher in the quarter and fiber costs were comparable. Engineering Wood Products adjusted EBITDA decreased by $7 million compared to the second quarter. Sales realizations were higher for most products in the third quarter, and we remained on allocation for most products throughout the quarter.  Sales and production volumes were lower for most products due to downtime for planned annual maintenance. Sales volumes were further impacted by ongoing transportation challenges in Canada and labor constraints at certain facilities. Unit manufacturing costs were higher in the third quarter, and raw material costs were significantly lower primarily for OSB web stock. In distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $7 million compared to the second quarter, largely driven by lower sales volumes for EWP and Specialty Products. Despite the quarter-over-quarter reduction, this was the strongest third quarter adjusted EBITDA result on record for our distribution business. With that, I'll turn the call over to Davie to discuss some financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.
David Wold: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will be covering key financial items and third quarter financial performance before moving into our fourth quarter outlook. I'll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 15. We generated approximately $560 million of cash from operations in the third quarter and nearly $2.7 billion year-to-date. We ended the quarter with a strong liquidity position with approximately $1.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents and total debt of just over $5 billion. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $94 million, which is a typical level for the third quarter. We returned $133 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend and remain committed to growing this by 5% annually through 2025. We also returned $145 million to shareholders through share repurchase activity. And as of quarter end, we had $523 million of remaining capacity under our $1 billion share repurchase program. We will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically. Adjusted funds available for distribution for the third quarter totaled $468 million, as highlighted on Page 17, and we have generated approximately $2.4 billion of adjusted FAD year-to-date. As a reminder, we will supplement our base dividends each year with an additional return of cash to achieve the targeted annual payout of 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD. As demonstrated in 2021, we have the flexibility in our framework to return this additional cash in the form of a supplemental dividend or a combination of a supplemental dividend and opportunistic share repurchase. While our return of cash for fiscal year 2021 was achieved mostly through base and variable supplemental cash dividends, our share repurchase activity this year has been more active. As a result, we anticipate share repurchase will represent a larger portion of our 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD cash return this year. That said, as a result of the strong cash generation throughout this year, we still expect a meaningful supplemental dividend to be paid in the first quarter of 2023. Key outlook items for the fourth quarter are presented on Page 18. As Devin mentioned, we will soon be returning to normal operating levels in our Washington and Oregon lumber and Timberlands businesses. That said, our fourth quarter outlook includes work stoppage impacts through October, followed by a 7- to 10-day ramp-up period to return to full operating capacity. In our Timberlands business, we expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly lower than the third quarter. Turning to our Western Timberlands operations. Domestic log demand softened at the outset of the fourth quarter, resulting from reduced takeaway of finished products and elevated log inventories at mills. Regional log supply has improved from the prior quarter and is expected to remain ample for the majority of the fourth quarter, notwithstanding adverse weather conditions or supply chain constraints. As a result, we expect our domestic log sales realizations to be significantly lower compared to the third quarter. Our fee harvest and domestic sales volumes are expected to be lower in the fourth quarter largely driven by impacts of the work stoppage, and we now anticipate our full year harvest volumes in the West to be slightly lower than 2021. This reduction in volumes from prior guidance represents a harvest deferral that we expect to capture over several quarters after returning to normal operations. Per unit log and haul costs are expected to be lower in the fourth quarter. Forestry and road costs are expected to be significantly lower due to the seasonal nature of these activities. Moving to the export markets, we expect steady demand for our logs in the fourth quarter. As Devin mentioned, the work stoppage resulted in a temporary reduction in our log export activity. As a result, we expect lower export sales volumes compared to the third quarter. Additionally, we anticipate sales realizations for our export logs to be lower in the fourth quarter. In the South, we expect log demand to remain steady in the fourth quarter as mills continue to maintain elevated inventories to mitigate risks from ongoing supply chain and logistics challenges. As a result, we expect our sales realizations to be comparable to the third quarter. Fee harvest volumes are expected to be slightly higher as weather conditions have improved from the prior quarter. Because of better-than-expected weather conditions in the third quarter, we now anticipate our full year harvest volumes in the South to be slightly higher than 2021 compared to our prior outlook of moderately higher volumes. We expect slightly higher forestry and road costs in the fourth quarter and comparable per unit log and haul costs. In the North, fee harvest volumes are expected to be moderately higher compared to the third quarter. We anticipate significantly lower sales realizations due to mix.  Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be lower than the third quarter due to timing and mix of real estate sales and lower royalty income in our Energy and Natural Resources business. We continue to anticipate full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $325 million, and we now expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be approximately 35% to 40% for the full year. For our Wood Products segment, we expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be lower than the third quarter, excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board. Following the reduction in pricing during the third quarter, benchmark prices for lumber and OSB entered the fourth quarter showing signs of stabilization. Buyers are maintaining inventories at or below target levels as sentiment remains cautious. In October, benchmark prices for lumber continued on a slight downward trajectory for the majority of the month before stabilizing and increasing slightly. Benchmark prices for OSB have remained fairly stable through October. As shown on Page 20, for both lumber and OSB, our current and quarter-to-date realizations are moderately lower than the third quarter averages. For our lumber business, we expect significantly lower log costs in the fourth quarter, partially offset by lower sales volumes resulting from the work stoppage in our Western mills in October, and we anticipate comparable unit manufacturing costs. For our oriented strand board business, we expect slightly higher sales volumes and significantly lower unit manufacturing costs, primarily due to less downtime for planned annual maintenance during the fourth quarter. Fiber costs are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. For our Engineered Wood Products business, we expect lower sales volumes in the fourth quarter. We also expect lower sales realizations for most products compared to the third quarter with solid section and I-joists pricing coming off record highs. This will be partially offset by significantly lower raw material costs, primarily for OSB web stock. As a result, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be lower in the fourth quarter, but still higher than any quarter in 2021. For our distribution business, we are expecting adjusted EBITDA to be lower than the third quarter due to lower sales volumes and realizations for most products. I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Davie. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Over the last several months, we've continued to see softening in new residential construction activity from the peak reported in April, particularly in the single-family segment. There have been notable reductions in new and existing home sales and home builder sentiment has turned more negative. Consequently, we expect near-term housing outlook to remain less favorable compared to the last couple of years, largely driven by several ongoing headwinds, including a rapid increase in mortgage rates, housing affordability challenges, high inflation and growing concerns about the economy. That all being said, homebuilder backlog should offer some additional support for building activity and wood products demand for the remainder of 2022 and into early 2023. And longer term, we continue to have a favorable view on housing fundamentals, given strong demographic trends, a significantly underbuilt housing stock, a healthy labor market and solid household balance sheets. Turning to repair and remodel. Despite softening in the housing market, repair and remodel activity remained fairly stable in the third quarter and continue to be supported by steady demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment has continued to come off the recent pandemic peaks returning to a more normalized pre-pandemic demand level.  Although lower home sales activity ordinarily would be a drag on repair and remodel spending, we may, in fact, see some incremental spend on repair and remodel projects as homeowners elect to invest in remodeling projects in their existing homes if they're priced out of purchasing a new home in this more challenged mortgage rate environment. This should provide near-term support for additional repair and remodel activity, especially from the professional segment. Further, we remain optimistic on longer-term fundamentals supporting the repair and remodel segment, including an aging housing stock and favorable home equity levels. We expect these dynamics to support steady repair and demand for the balance of 2022 and into next year with activity levels comparable to pre-pandemic levels. In closing, we delivered solid results across our businesses in the third quarter despite increasing macroeconomic headwinds. And I'm incredibly proud of the continued focus and resiliency demonstrated by our teams. Their collective efforts have generated year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $3.3 billion and adjusted funds available for distribution of $2.4 billion. Although near-term market conditions have moderated, we maintain a constructive longer-term outlook for the demand fundamentals that support our businesses. Looking forward, our balance sheet is exceptionally strong. We have a competitive cost structure and we are very well positioned to navigate through a full range of market conditions. We remain focused on serving our customers and driving long-term value for our shareholders through an unmatched portfolio of assets, industry-leading performance and disciplined capital allocation. Now before we move to questions, I would like to briefly provide some details to help quantify the work stoppage impacts to our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook. I'm sure that would have been a question, so we'll just go ahead and cover that now. Starting with Timberlands, it is important to note that the decrease in volume during this period is merely deferred, not lost. We will capture this deferred volume over the next year or so. And in the meantime, that volume will continue to grow on the stump. Additionally, I'd point out that in any given period, we have a base level of spend for items such as forestry, silviculture and roads that we maintain to ensure that we capture long-term value. So we've continued to incur those costs during the course of the work stoppage, which means our margins will be significantly lower during this period, but margins will then increase above typical levels in the future period when we ultimately harvest that volume. Taking all of that into consideration, the work stoppage resulted in approximately 360,000 tons of deferred volumes in the third quarter compared to our original plan. This translated to an EBITDA impact of approximately $25 million. But again, most of that will be recovered in future periods when the deferred log volume is harvested next year. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect Western Timberlands EBITDA will decrease by approximately $50 million from the third quarter, with approximately half of that decrease attributable to deferred volume from the work stoppage and the other half due to expected lower average sales realizations during the quarter due to general market conditions. We expect approximately 500,000 tons of deferred volumes in the fourth quarter resulting from the work stoppage. For Wood Products, the work stoppage lowered production volumes by approximately 60 million board feet in the third quarter, and we expect around 170 million board feet of impact in the fourth quarter. Given the more rapid pace of price erosion in lumber versus logs in the West, which compresses margins until log prices adjust accordingly, the last lumber production in September and October hasn't had a material impact on EBITDA in the third or fourth quarters. So with that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs.
Susan Maklari : My first question, Devin, is you talked a little bit about some deflation in the input costs and wood products that you started to see in the quarter, and it feels like that could continue into the end of the year. As we do think about the cost structure coming down and given what is going on in housing broadly, can you talk about the ability to hold some of that price that you've seen in your EWP business over the last couple of years and perhaps what that could mean for profitability as we think about going through '23?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure, Sue. Yes. So I mean, certainly, we are going to see some, some of the input costs on the wood product side coming down. And so in particular, log costs in the West, OSB web stock, for instance, we may see a little bit of relief on some of the fuel costs related to transportation. So I do expect we'll see some of that come down over time. With respect to the lumber and OSB business, that's really primarily a supply-demand dynamic with the pricing, we can talk further about where we think that's going to go over time. But on the EWP specific, I do think we'll be able to hold those prices reasonably well. There is -- as we saw during the last run up in housing here over the last couple of years, there is a structural, I think, undersupply of EWP. I do think as we move forward, there are some opportunities for us to take back some market share in the EWP space from Open Web, some other alternative products that builders were forced to move to when we were at the height of building activity earlier this year. So I do think we'll be able to hold those prices a little bit better as we move forward.
Susan Maklari : That's helpful. And then moving over to Timberlands. You talked about the fact that overall demand there remains pretty healthy. Can you just talk about how you're thinking of valuations as we go into next year? And the supply-demand dynamics as we think longer term about what is going on with Timberlands and obviously, the tie-in there with Natural Climate Solutions?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, as we think about the Timberlands market over the last 12 to 24 months, we have undoubtedly seen a lot of interest in the asset class. I think that's clear just in terms of the number of bidders that we see on deals, but also the prices that folks are paying for Timberlands deals. As we think about going forward, I think there are a few things that come into play. And as you mentioned, 1 of those is the interest in the Climate Solutions piece. I think that is driving increased interest in Timberland assets. Candidly, I don't know that folks are really fully underwriting all of those carbon and other alternative values at this point, but I do think it's a piece of the equation as people are trying to value those assets going forward. So I wouldn't expect prices to necessarily fall off of where they are. We are continuing to see a lot of interest in timberland acquisitions. And so we're expecting that to continue to be a very competitive market next year and going forward. Particularly, if we do see carbon prices trend where we think they are over the next 3, 5, 7 years, I think that will be a tailwind for timberland values going forward.
Susan Maklari : Okay. And then I'm going to squeeze 1 more in, which is just you mentioned, obviously, you've stepped up the buyback activity this year. You still have some more room remaining on the current authorization. Any thoughts on how you're thinking of continued buybacks given where the stock is trading relative to some of the other alternatives for capital?
David Wold: Yes, Sue, you bet. Sure. I mean really, our thoughts there haven't changed substantially. We think about share repurchase as a useful tool in the right circumstances to return cash to shareholders. So as always, we start with that commitment to returning a significant amount to shareholders through the base, and then we can supplement that through the variable return in the form of share repurchase or in the supplemental dividend. So we'll continue to evaluate that amongst all of our other options above that 75% to 80%, we can use that cash for investing in growth, further debt paydown or additional share repurchase. So we'll certainly consider share repurchase as 1 of the opportunities available to us. We have stepped up the volume of that over the course of the year. So certainly, that indicates that we believe it's a useful way to do that. So we'll continue to evaluate our opportunities there moving forward.
Susan Maklari : Good luck with everything.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: On the impact from the strike, the deferred volumes that you discussed on the timberland side, is it accurate to say that the volumes that you lost in 3Q and 4Q of this year will mostly be recovered in 3Q and 4Q of next year? Or is it something that we could see more in the first half of the year? Or just wondering if there's any kind of finer point you can put on sort of the cadence of ultimately recovering those volumes over the next year?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yes, our plan would be to sprinkle that in across next year. So it wouldn't be specifically targeted to Q3 or Q4. We would just add that into the overall harvest plan for 2023. And we'll provide a little bit more specifics on the magnitude of that as we provide our full year guidance on the earnings call in January.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a lot of materials companies have talked about a large buildup of customer inventories that have become kind of an impediment and negatively impacted demand. It might take a couple of quarters to work through. I think on the log side, you said mill customers have ordered pretty fully to compensate for supply chain issues. I'm just -- if I got that right. I'm just wondering, do you see any risk of if supply chain eases quickly that, that kind of inventory build becomes maybe a bit of a headwind for demand into the end of the year or in early '23? And then just maybe if you could -- maybe contrast that with inventory situation in Wood Products, especially lumber, that would be helpful.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So on the log side, I'm not sure that's a real material risk here in the near term. I suppose around the margins, if you saw trucking capacity and logging capacity flowing back into the system, maybe some mills would be more comfortable carrying lower inventories. But to be frank, that seems highly unlikely to me in the near term. There is a real challenge around getting trucking and logging capacity certainly across the South, but even to some extent in the West. So I suspect most mills are going to continue to carry a little bit heavier inventory levels to mitigate that risk. So I don't know that, that's a big issue on the Timberland side. On the Wood Products side, again, I don't know that mills necessarily have high levels of inventory. I can't obviously speak to our competitors, but for us, we're not carrying excess inventories, finished goods inventories across our mill set right now. So I don't think it's a meaningful risk there. The other thing I would say on the wood product side is, if you look across the channel in whole, I think most folks, particularly dealers, distributors are carrying relatively light inventories. Nobody is particularly interested in carrying heavy inventories given all the uncertainty in the macro environment.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Thanks for the details. Can you hear me okay? First question, and you talked about this during Davie's remarks, the ability for the company to flex its capital return with the parameters and guardrail that you have around your policy and strategy. Could you talk a bit about where you see the potential maybe to slow the regular dividend increase. We know the goal is 5% per year over time, given what could be a bit of a cyclical pullback in your markets over the next year? Or at this juncture, you feel that given what you know and recognizing it's a Board decision that 5% growth seems pretty reasonable, no matter where we are in the cycle? How would you have us think about that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. No, that's a great question. I think first of all, as you said, that's ultimately a Board decision. So obviously, we're not going to get out in front of the board on that. But what I would say is, when we put out that 5% per year target, that was based on a lot of different modeling. As you know, the dividend -- the base dividend growth is largely going to be funded by the growth in our Timberlands and Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources business. So as we think about it today, we've done several acquisitions on the Timberland side. We've done a lot of work around the debt structure to reduce our interest costs. So I feel like we are doing what we need to do to continue to grow that base dividend by 5% per year regardless of where we are in the business cycle.
George Staphos: Next question, and I had I mean, obviously, we're going again through a bit of a downturn directionally, it wouldn't be a surprise. But nonetheless, can you give us a bit more color in terms of what is happening with log realizations, why they're declining on the West, recognizing that Weyerhaeuser doesn't dictate the market with the work stoppages that would have deferred and did, some of the harvest that would have been available in the market and the logs that would have been available in the market. So help me understand why even with the stoppage at least from your vantage point, some supply constraints, we're seeing log pricing and realizations down in the West and kind of what's going on there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So really a couple of things going on in the West, George. So first of all, with respect to the work stoppage, 2 things to keep in mind. First of all, nearly 2/3 of our log and haul is done by contractors. So we did still have logs feeding into the market even during the work stoppage. And the flip side is we also had 4 of the largest mills in the Northwest that were idle during the work stoppage. So it also hit on the demand side. So net-net, not sure it had a really significant impact 1 way or the other. I think what's going on with realizations in the West is really more of a function of what's going on with lumber prices. The West is fundamentally a tension wood basket. And I don't see that changing anytime in the foreseeable future. What's going to drive log prices is going to primarily be what's going on with domestic lumber prices and to some extent, the export markets as well. So as you've seen the lumber prices come down, you just hit a ceiling on what mills are willing and able to pay for logs. So that's going to be the primary driver.
George Staphos: And last one, and I'll turn it over. Can you give us a bit more color in terms of export markets, what we're seeing in terms of fourth quarter right now, why you would be -- if you would be positive on export, again, particularly from the West, recognizing that we're going through a global slowdown. China obviously got its issues and housing remains perhaps less able to tension so you have this potential supply. What's your outlook for export out of the West realizations and what's happening right now? Good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Well, I'll take that really in 2 different parts, so I'll start with Japan. There are some headwinds in Japan. As I mentioned, there's a fair amount of European glulam that went into the Japanese market here in Q3 into early Q4, that's a direct competitor with our customers and the dug for beams that they supply to the market. So a little bit of a headwind there. And obviously, with what the yen is doing relative to the dollar, that's an additional cost headwind for our customers. That all being said, I do think we have plenty of opportunity to move volume to Japan with the work stoppage. Certainly, their log decks have been a little bit depleted. And so we've got some volume that we need to get into that market to keep them up and running. Realizations, those are going to flow up and down depending on what's going on in the domestic market, usually get a premium to domestic, but those 2 are correlated. So as we see the domestic market realization soften, you're going to see a similar move with Japanese realizations. On the China side, we have intentionally this year been flexing volume to the domestic market to capture better premiums as the pricing softens in the West, I think we do have opportunity to move more volume into China. Notwithstanding all the issues in China with real estate and lockdowns, et cetera, we still have solid demand for our -- from our customers for the Doug fir log, so we can, we believe, move some increased volumes over to China, and those realizations will likely be comparable to domestic.
George Staphos: Thank you, Devin. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities.
Mike Roxland : Just a quick 1 on guidance for timber prices in the U.S. South. You mentioned that you're expecting flat U.S. South timber pricing. Is that a deliberate or stumpage basis? What I'm trying to get at is I'm trying to get a sense of what's happening to underlying timber prices themselves. Timber market South and others have noted declining stumpage prices over the last 2 quarters. And that's following a number of quarters, even years where stumpage has gone up. So I'm just trying to get a sense of your guidance relative to -- your guidance relative to, I guess, stumpage pricing.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So we guide on a delivered basis. So our model is overwhelmingly delivered as opposed to selling stumpage. And you're absolutely right. There has been a little bit of a disconnect in terms of the direction of pricing in delivered versus stumpage. I think that's really largely a function of in many geographies finding logging and hauling contractors has been challenging. And so I think that's put a little bit more pressure on the stumpage market as opposed to the delivered market. And I do think that our delivered model is always a competitive advantage. It gives us the ability to really drive efficiencies throughout the supply chain, log, haul, et cetera. In this market, I think that's even more so. And we're, I think, probably picking up a little bit more margin opportunity with the delivered model versus stumpage.
Mike Roxland : Got it. I appreciate the clarification. But it would be fair to say with stumpage coming down, obviously, that could put pressure on the delivered prices at some point as well, particularly if you noted that whole and harvest cost will be coming down. So I think what do you think is driving the -- looking at the -- is decline in stumpage pricing a function of what we're seeing in the overall housing market and some looseness in wood products. And how do you think that ultimately plays out to delivered pricing as well?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So if you're thinking about the South in particular, ultimately, from a mill standpoint, what they care about is what's the cost to get it to the mill. And so as we bring delivered -- a delivered model to our customers, we think we can get that price higher than they can get it through stumpage because we can deliver more efficiencies through the supply chain. Our scale and the expertise that we have at the local level to drive log and haul costs down relative to competition, I think, is what allows us to keep that delivered pricing a little higher than where you'd find stumpage pricing in terms of direction. I don't know that log and haul rates are going to be going down. I do think there's a lot of competition for that. So it's really, again, I think, a competitive advantage for us, the scale and expertise that we bring to the log and haul space with our contractor base to keep those prices lower than what others can get when they're going out and doing stumpage deals. That's what's going to allow us to keep more of that delivered price and drive that to the bottom line.
Mike Roxland : Got it. That makes sense. Just 1 quick final question. Just on order files. Last quarter, you mentioned with respect to OSB, that order file was normal, a little longer lumber and that EWP was an allocation. Given what's transpiring over the last couple of months, where do they stand now?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On lumber and OSB, we're still in the normal range. It generally ranges 1 to 2 weeks in an ordinary environment. On EWP, we're still on allocation in spots. I think you're starting to see some open market purchases become available as we've seen a little softening in the single-family space, but still on allocation in spots.
Mike Roxland : Got you. Good luck for the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Devin, I just want to say an opening. I mean a $395 million quarter in Wood Products is quite remarkable when you look back historically. So we're down a lot, but it's still a rather remarkable level, I think, by any standards. My question is first on the timberland side, can you just remind us in the West what your ability is to kind of flex just year-to-year kind of depending on market conditions. I know you want to continue to generate cash to cover that base dividend. You want to have some stability in terms of your contractors and keeping them employed. But what is your ability to kind of dial up and dial down depending on where the log market is?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, I would say, in general, 5% to 10% is really the most you can go 1 way or the other. In the West, unlike in the South, where building roads is not overly complicated. The regulatory process for getting a unit laid out is not terribly time-consuming. In the West, there's a lot more that goes into it. And so we generally try to have 4 to 5 quarters' worth of roads built. So we have some level of flexibility to flex up or down. But beyond that, you do start to run into some constraints, both from an available unit standpoint, but also the contracting capacity is there's a limit to it, particularly on cable logging and some of the towers. And so there are some limits in terms of how much you can flex up. And on the downside, obviously, you can always flex down as much as you want. But as a practical matter, you do need to make sure that you're keeping your contract workforce available so that they are there when you need them coming out of whatever dip. So as a practical matter, 5% to 10% is really the max you're going to go year-over-year or any particular period.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And the other question I had is just you produce lumber up in BC, you produce lumber in the Pacific Northwest. You produce lumber kind of across the [indiscernible]. I wondered if you could just give us a sense of how you see kind of regional profitability at the moment and also what you see kind of happening to those costs because low costs are coming down in BC and they're coming down in the Pacific Northwest, and it looks like that's probably going to carry into the first quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that's right. And I think, as you say, Mark, there are different cost structures depending on the region. No doubt, BC. is the most challenged from a cost standpoint. We are seeing a little bit of relief on the log side. October 1, log prices came down. I expect they'll come down a little bit further in Q1 of next year. But nevertheless, it's still a higher cost region to manufacture for a variety of reasons, but not the least of which is just the available timber supply in BC is challenged. And so I do think even as log prices come down in BC, it's going to be, frankly, a challenging place to make money. Now we've only got 1 mill in BC. It's our Princeton mill, it is top quartile, if not top decile cost structure mill. So I think that will give us maybe a little bit more latitude to drive profitability in a tougher market. But it's going to be challenging in BC. I think that's clearly the case. In the Northwest, we will see log prices adjust down. Mills are not going to pay more for logs than they can and still be profitable. I do think the Northwest is -- it's going to be tough for some folks to make money in a more challenged lumber environment. The last time we saw a dip in 2019, I think the costs have gone up since then. So that floor is probably higher than it was back in that last little dip in 2019. And it really just goes back to the point we've been making, to be successful in this business you have to have a good cost structure, and that's been really the focus of our strategy for a long time. So we've got some low-cost mills, some very efficient mills across our Pacific Northwest. So we'll be able to drive profitability, I think, regardless of where we are in the cycle just because our cost position relative to others in the industry. The South is a different story. As you know, Mark, just the cost structure there is -- it's a step change lower than those other 2 regions. So most producers, the vast majority of producers should be able to drive a profit in the south regardless of where we are from a lumber pricing standpoint.
Mark Wilde: Okay. That's helpful. Good luck in the fourth quarter and next year.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thanks, Mark. And thanks for pointing out just the historical context. I do think it's a really important point to make, even though prices have come down a lot. At any time over the last decade pre-pandemic, we would have been very, very pleased with the pricing that we're getting across the products.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners.
Mark Weintraub : Devin, you had talked about in your Real Estate business, kind of the appetite for hard assets, and you also kind of alluded to, in Timberland markets, we're certainly seeing that as well and carbon being a factor as well. Given the types of valuations that are being put on, particularly some of these more recent Southern deals that are coming to market, what's your best assessment of what a typical southern acre might be going for now versus what it was 2 years ago, 5 years ago or whatever time line you think is appropriate to use?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, and you've been around the industry for a long time, so you'll appreciate this answer. I mean it's hard to give a value on a typical acre because they vary so much depending on stocking, depending on percentage planted pine versus markets, et cetera. So it's hard to give you a specific dollar value. But what I will say, and I think you can see this in the deals that have been done over the last 12 to 18 months, we've definitely seen the values of timberlands going up. We've seen certainly some deals that are going north of $2,000 an acre, that a few years ago where you would have said maybe were $1,700 an acre deals. We've seen some mid-2000, high 2000 kind of deals lately that a few years ago would have been closer to that, too. So we've certainly seen some real, I think, price appreciation in the value of timberland deals, particularly, I would say, quality deals. When you see good, high-quality timberlands deals come to market. Those are getting very, very strong valuations these days.
Mark Weintraub : And is there anything strategically that this can enable you to do? Or how does this change capital allocation, obviously, share repurchases is part of this perhaps. But anything else that this dynamic where we're in tricky times from a fundamental perspective in certain respects, but timberland valuations in private markets seem to be extremely robust. How is that driving behavior on your part?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I think at a high level, I'm not sure it fundamentally changes how we think about things. We have been actively managing the portfolio and that is on the sell side and the buy-side for a number of years. We are always looking for opportunities to improve the portfolio. And so when we have a buyer that is willing to pay us substantially more than we think the asset is worth, then we're happy to do those deals on the sell-side. And that cash can be used for any of the capital allocation priorities that we have, whether that's additional timberland acquisitions, share repo, debt paydown, all of those things. So to the extent that this gives us an opportunity to create some capital to redeploy in other areas, that's certainly an opportunity for us. I will say just as a baseline, our view is that, in general, timberland values are going to go up over time. And there are a variety of reasons why we think that, whether it's our view on log prices over time, but really as much as anything on all of the alternative values that you can drive across timberland ownership. And so that also goes into the consideration as we think about the longer-term price appreciation of some of these assets.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Maybe just start in your Natural Climate Solutions. You mentioned your forest curbing pilot project in approvals over the next couple of months. What does that involve? And can you quantify any kind of potential economic upside from that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On the economics, Paul, this first project is really -- it's a smaller pilot project. The economics are not going to be material. The purpose of this first 1 was really to build out the internal expertise so that we don't have to contract it out, and we get to keep more of the economics ourselves. So that's -- that's really the primary purpose of this first 1 up in Maine. The process is pretty involved. We're running that through the American Carbon registry, and it involves a series of submissions, third-party reviews, feedback from those third-party reviews, changes to the submission. So it's a process that takes a number of months, and we've been working that through over the course of this year. But I do think we've gained some really good insights on how to make this process more streamlined and quicker both with our own internal work, but also with the third-party reviewers and the submissions. And so pleased with how it's going, and I think it really is going to set us up to start scaling this to start putting more and bigger projects through the pipeline.
Paul Quinn: Okay. Great. And then on Wood Products, I mean, Mark pointed at the $395 million in adjusted EBITDA, but I know that over half of that comes from from EWP and distribution, which is typically late cycle, how sustainable is that momentum that you're seeing in EWP? And why are you guiding for volumes lower in Q4?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I mean the guide is really as much as anything, just a reflection of both kind of where we are seasonally, but also overall, just a bit of softening in the housing market. So -- maybe there's some upside there, we'll see. But generally speaking, EWP is very much a product that goes into single-family residential. And so as we think about how sustainable that is over time, again, there is a limit to how much EWP is out there. We've gone through a period where there just was not enough to cover the level of housing. During that period, we did see a number of builders that had to convert over to open web or even lumber and other products to meet their building needs. As the housing slows a bit, which I think realistically, we do expect that to happen, there will be some opportunities for us to try to convert some of that alternative back into EWP. It's just not a product where there is an overabundance of supply. And so I think that will help us hold both prices, but importantly, market share and be able to serve our customers even if we're in a [downward] [indiscernible]
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then just slipping a bonus question. Just on OSB, you've got cost significantly lower going forward. Just wondering why that is.
Devin Stockfish: Can you say that again? I kind of missed the last part there, Paul.
Mark Wilde: Sorry, on your guidance for OSB, you have costs significantly lower in the manufacturing side. I'm just wondering what that pertains to.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. It's primarily OSB, so the web stock input costs, as we've seen OSB prices go down. Most of the OSB that goes into our EWP product it does come from our internal mills and it's on a lag.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Sorry, Devin. I confused you. I'm talking about the OSB segment itself, the manufacturing cost of OSB. You've got that going down in Q4. Just wondering why.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sorry. Sorry, Paul. Yes. So for OSB, specifically, that's just because we have less annual maintenance. Q3, we had a number of mills that took their annual maintenance shut down, and we don't have that in Q4.
Operator: Our final question is from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson.
Kurt Yinger: Great. Just 1 quick 1 for me. On the timberland side, the log pricing environment has been pretty favorable over the last 2 years, but there's also been some pretty meaningful increases on the cost side as well. As you look into 2023, are there any areas you expect to see some relief or I guess, buckets where you think you can take cost out there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On the Timberland side, I would say the biggest driver overall has been fuel cost. That is something that plays in both on the haul side but also on the logging side. So that's had a real impact from a cost standpoint. To the extent that we see fuel costs come down over the next year to 18 months, that certainly will be a positive for us on the cost side. Beyond that, we've got a whole host of initiatives that are focused on driving down costs, whether it's -- we've got a transportation initiative to drive higher loaded mile, we've got a number of automation mechanization projects going on across timberlands to try to reduce overall labor cost. So we're always focused on that. But I would say in the near term, probably the biggest opportunity from a magnitude standpoint is around fuel costs.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. That makes sense. Appreciate the color and good luck here in Q4.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thank you, again, everyone, for joining us today, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Taylor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor, you may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2022 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and David Wold, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm very pleased to welcome David Wold to the call. David became our Chief Financial Officer in May. He previously served as our Chief Accounting Officer and brings 20 years of significant accounting, financial and strategic acumen to the CFO role. He's demonstrated outstanding leadership since joining Weyerhaeuser in 2013, and I'm excited to have Dave on our senior leadership team and to partner with them as we execute on our long-term strategy. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter GAAP earnings of $788 million or $1.06 per diluted share on net sales of $3 billion. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.2 billion in the second quarter. We delivered strong results across each of our businesses, and I'd like to thank our teams for their exceptional work and continued focus as we continue to navigate dynamic market conditions. Through their collective efforts, we've generated year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $2.7 billion, our strongest first half EBITDA results on record. Turning now to our second quarter business results, I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $153 million to second quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $219 million, a decrease of $28 million from the prior quarter. In the West, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $21 million compared to the first quarter. Western domestic log market softened slightly in the second quarter as mill inventories recovered at the outset of the quarter and lumber prices declined considerably from elevated levels earlier in the year. As a result, our second quarter domestic log sales realizations were moderately lower compared to the first quarter, but remained high relative to historical pricing levels. While log supply in the Western system was ample at the outset of the quarter, it became constrained by unseasonably wet weather as the quarter progressed, which drove mill inventories to below target levels by quarter end, particularly in Oregon. These adverse weather conditions resulted in a moderate reduction in our fee harvest volumes compared to the first quarter. Forestry and road costs were seasonally higher, and per unit log and haul costs increased significantly in the second quarter as we transition into higher elevation logging units. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs remained strong in the second quarter. Lumber imports from Europe into Japan continue to be restricted by ongoing global shipping challenges for most of the quarter. This dynamic continued to drive increased market share for our customers and robust demand for our logs. As a result, our Japanese sales realizations were moderately higher compared to the first quarter. Our sales volumes increased significantly, resulting from strong demand and timing of ships. In China, log inventories at the ports declined slightly in the second quarter, resulting from improved takeaway as pandemic-related lockdowns started to ease. Imports of lumber and logs into China continue to be limited by global logistical challenges and port congestion. Additionally, log supply into China continues to be impacted by restrictions on Australian logs, Russia's recent ban of log exports to China and disruptions of European wood flow resulting from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. As a result, demand for our Western logs remained favorable in the quarter, and our sales realizations for China export logs increased moderately. Our sales volumes to China, however, decreased significantly as we continue to intentionally shift volume to the domestic market to support our domestic customers and capitalize on favorable margin opportunities. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands adjusted EBITDA decreased by $5 million compared to the first quarter. Notwithstanding weakening lumber and OSB pricing and a seasonal increase in log supply. Southern sawlog markets remained favorable during the second quarter as mills maintained elevated inventories to mitigate risks from ongoing transportation challenges. Fiber markets experienced a similar dynamic. As a result, our sales realizations increased slightly compared to the first quarter. Our fee harvest volumes were moderately higher as seasonal weather patterns transitioned to drier conditions. Forestry and road costs were seasonably higher and per unit log and haul costs increased significantly, primarily for fuel-related costs. Turning to our Southern export business. Our log exports to China remain temporarily paused due to the new phytosanitary regulations on pine logs put in place last year by Chinese regulators. We remain optimistic that this headwind for pine exports to China will be transitory and still maintain a constructive longer-term outlook for our Southern export business to that market. In the meantime, we continue to redirect logs to domestic mills in the U.S. South and look to grow our India export market. In the North, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $2 million compared to the first quarter due to significantly lower sales volumes associated with seasonal spring breakup conditions, partially offset by significantly higher sales realizations for most products. Turning to real estate, energy and natural resources on Pages 10 and 11, real estate and ENR contributed $65 million to second quarter earnings and $107 million to adjusted EBITDA. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $9 million lower than the first quarter, primarily due to the timing and mix of properties sold, but was $16 million higher than a year ago quarter. Notwithstanding the recent macroeconomic headwinds, we continue to capitalize on favorable demand for HBU properties, as buyers seek the safety of hard assets in an inflationary environment, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. Now for a brief comment on Natural Climate Solutions. Following our announced agreement with Oxy Low Carbon Ventures in March for our first carbon capture and storage project in Louisiana, we continue to advance discussions with high-quality developers as this market continues to emerge. Additionally, we continue to make progress on our forest carbon pilot project in Maine and are working towards project approval by year-end. Moving to Wood Products on Pages 12 through 14. Wood Products contributed $863 million to second quarter earnings and $912 of adjusted EBITDA. Compared to the first quarter, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $321 million as lumber and OSB prices declined considerably from elevated levels earlier in the year, THESE are outstanding results considering the ongoing supply chain headwinds faced by our teams in the second quarter. Starting with the lumber and OSB markets, benchmark lumber and OSB prices entered the second quarter on a downward trajectory as demand for homebuilding and repair and remodel soften and buyers remain lean inventories given uncertainty in the markets. Despite lean inventories throughout the channel, sentiment was cautious as buyers assess downside risk of elevated price levels and were reluctant to build inventories in a dynamic pricing environment. By late April, benchmark pricing for both products stabilized as buyers took steps to replenish inventories to prepare for the spring building season and in response to strong April housing starts data. This dynamic continued through mid-May, at which point, buyer sentiment once again turned cautious resulting from rapidly rising mortgage rates, housing affordability concerns and the prospects of a possible recession. This drove benchmark prices downward through late June before stabilizing at the end of the quarter as buyers reentered the market to bolster lean inventories. Despite the substantial reduction in lumber and OSB prices during the quarter, benchmark prices for both products remain elevated compared to pre-pandemic historical averages. Adjusted EBITDA for our lumber business decreased by $289 million compared to the first quarter. Our average sales realizations decreased by 25% in the second quarter, while the framing lumber composite pricing decreased by 32%. Our sales volumes increased significantly due to seasonal inventory draw downs and improved production. Log costs increased slightly, primarily for Canadian and Southern logs and unit manufacturing costs were slightly higher during the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for our OSB business decreased by $60 million compared to the first quarter. Our average sales realization decreased by 14% in the second quarter while the OSB composite pricing decreased by 34%. This relative outperformance was largely a result of order files that lag rapidly declining OSB prices. Our sales volumes increased slightly, resulting from improved production. Unit manufacturing costs were moderately higher in the quarter and fiber costs were comparable. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA increased by $37 million compared to the first quarter and established a new quarterly EBITDA record. Sales realizations were significantly higher for most products, and we continue to benefit from previously announced price increases for solid section and I-joists products. This was partially offset by significantly higher raw material costs, primarily for OSB web stock. Production volumes were significantly higher for most products as veneer supply improved. As a result, sales volumes increased for most products in the second quarter. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $24 million compared to the first quarter, primarily due to lower margins resulting from the commodity price correction. The distribution team did a terrific job in managing inventories in this dynamic pricing environment. With that, I'll turn the call over to Davy to discuss some financial items and our third quarter outlook.
David Wold: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. It's a pleasure to be speaking with you all today and an honor to be serving as the CFO during such an exciting time in our company's history. I look forward to capitalizing on the opportunities in front of us and working with our incredible teams to continue driving growth for our businesses and superior long-term value for our shareholders. This morning, I will be covering key financial items and second quarter financial performance before moving into our third quarter outlook. I'll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 16. We generated over $1.1 billion of cash from operations in the second quarter and more than $2.1 billion year-to-date. This represents our highest first half operating cash flow on record, surpassing the previous record established just last year. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents and total debt of just over $5 billion. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $81 million, which is a typical level for the second quarter. We returned $138 million to shareholders through share repurchase activity. These shares were repurchased at an average price of $36.23, and as of quarter end, we had approximately $670 million of remaining capacity under our $1 billion share repurchase program. We will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically. We also returned $134 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend, which was increased in the first quarter by 5.9% to $0.18 per share. Adjusted funds available for distribution for the second quarter totaled $1.1 billion, as highlighted on Page 18, and we have generated over $1.9 billion of adjusted FAD year-to-date. As a reminder, we will supplement our base dividends each year with an additional return of cash to achieve the targeted annual payout of 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD. As demonstrated in 2021, we have the flexibility in our framework to return this additional cash in the form of a supplemental dividend or a combination of supplemental dividend and opportunistic share repurchase. Second quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 15. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment increased by $66 million compared to the first quarter. This increase was primarily attributable to an $18 million non-cash benefit for the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO in the second quarter compared to a $59 million noncash charge in the prior quarter. The benefit was driven by a decrease in log and lumber inventories from elevated levels at the end of the first quarter. Key outlook items for the third quarter are presented on Page 19. In our Timberlands business, we expect third quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be lower than the second quarter, but moderately higher than the third quarter of 2021. Turning to our Western Timberlands operations. Domestic log demand was favorable at the outset of the third quarter, particularly in Oregon, as mills sought to bolster inventories prior to wildfire season. Log supply has improved following a period of unseasonably wet weather in the second quarter and is expected to remain elevated for the majority of the third quarter. As a result, we expect our domestic log sales realizations to be moderately lower in the third quarter, absent fire-related disruptions in the region. Forestry and road costs are expected to be seasonally higher and per unit log and haul costs are expected to be lower as fuel prices have decreased. We anticipate our fee harvest volumes will be comparable to the second quarter. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs is expected to soften in the third quarter due to a number of factors including a recent increase of European lumber imports into Japan and a weakening Japanese housing market. As a result, our Japanese log sales realizations are expected to decrease moderately from the second quarter, and sales volumes are expected to decrease significantly. In China, although log consumption has improved slightly as pandemic-related lockdowns have eased, log demand is expected to soften in the third quarter, resulting from elevated log inventories at the ports and a reduction in construction activity during the summer rainy season. As a result, our sales realizations on log imports into China are expected to be moderately lower compared to the second quarter. We anticipate our sales volumes will be lower as we continue to flex logs to our domestic customers to capture the highest margin. In the South, log demand in the third quarter is expected to remain stable as the mills continue to mitigate risks from ongoing transportation challenges by maintaining elevated inventories. As a result, we expect our sales realizations to be comparable to the second quarter. We anticipate our fee harvest volumes will be moderately higher in the third quarter as weather conditions remain favorable. Forestry and road costs are expected to be seasonally higher, and we anticipate comparable per unit log and haul costs. In the North, sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower due to mix. Fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly higher compared to the second quarter as we have fully transitioned from spring breakup conditions. Turning to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, consistent with prior years, we expect our real estate activity will be heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. We expect third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly lower than the third quarter of 2021 due to a decrease in acres sold year-over-year. As Devin mentioned, Real Estate markets have remained strong year-to-date, and we have capitalized on strong demand and pricing for HBU properties. As a result, we are revising our guidance for full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA to $325 million, an increase of $25 million from prior guidance. Additionally, we now expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be 30% to 40% for the year. For our Wood Products segment, we expect third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the second quarter, excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board. Following a substantial reduction in pricing during the second quarter, benchmark prices for lumber and OSB entered the third quarter having stabilized as buyers reentered the market to bolster lean inventories. This dynamic continued throughout July, resulting in a steady increase in benchmark prices for both products. As shown on Page 21, for both lumber and OSB, our current and quarter-to-date realizations are significantly lower than the second quarter averages. For our lumber business, we expect comparable sales volumes in the third quarter and moderately lower log costs. Unit manufacturing costs are expected to be comparable. For our oriented strand board business, we expect slightly lower sales volumes and significantly higher unit manufacturing costs due to planned annual maintenance outages. Fiber costs are expected to be comparable. For our engineered wood products business, we expect significantly lower raw material costs, primarily for OSB web stock. We anticipate this will be partially offset by lower sales realizations, primarily for plywood products. Sales realizations for our solid section and I-joist products are expected to be comparable. Our sales volumes are expected to be comparable to the second quarter and unit manufacturing costs will be slightly higher as a result of planned annual maintenance outages in the third quarter. For our distribution business, we are expecting adjusted EBITDA to be lower than the second quarter due to lower sales realizations for most products. I'll wrap up with a few additional comments on our total company financial items, all of which are summarized in our full year 2022 outlook update on Page 20. As a result of the debt refinancing transactions executed in the first quarter, we now expect our full year interest expense to be $275 million, a $30 million decrease from prior guidance. Each year in the second quarter, we finalize prior year-end estimates for pension assets and liabilities. As a result, we recorded a $67 million improvement in our net funded status as well as a reduction in our noncash, non-operating pension and post-employment expense. Finally, we now anticipate our full year outlook for capital expenditures to be $460 million due primarily to the acceleration of equipment orders with extended lead times for future planned capital projects. There is no change to our previously announced multiyear guidance of $420 million to $440 million of annual capital expenditures for 2023 through 2025. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin, and I look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Dave. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. Second quarter housing starts averaged 1.65 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, a 4% reduction compared to the first quarter. While April housing starts reached the highest monthly level since 2006, activity softened as the quarter progressed. Housing permits in the second quarter averaged 1.73 million units, a 7% reduction compared to the quarter. As we look out at the rest of the year, we do expect some softening in residential construction relative to earlier in the year, primarily as a result of the rapid increase in mortgage rates, ongoing housing affordability concerns, high inflation and concerns over a possible recession. We've already started seeing impacts from these headwinds with the reduction in new and existing home sales in recent months and through the most recent homebuilder sentiment data. However, as always, context is important. To that end, I would note that we are still expecting housing starts and demand for wood products to be above pre-pandemic levels in 2022 despite these near-term challenges. Homebuilders have a significant backlog of houses to complete and we expect this backlog will support construction activity in the back half of 2022. And importantly, we remain constructive longer term on housing demand fundamentals given favorable demographic trends of significantly under-built housing stock, a healthy labor market and solid household balance sheets. Turning to repair and remodel, where activity remained fairly stable quarter-over-quarter and continue to be supported by favorable demand from the professional segment. Demand from the do-it-yourself segment softened slightly in the second quarter as consumer sentiment turned cautious resulting from the recent macro uncertainties. That said, as the housing market enters a period of relative softening, this should result in more people remaining in their existing homes. And with healthy household balance sheets favorable home equity and an aging housing stock, we continue to expect steady demand from the repair and remodel segment with activity above pre-pandemic levels. In closing, our teams are delivering strong operational and financial results. Year-to-date, we've generated $2.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA and $1.9 billion of adjusted funds available for distribution. Looking forward, we remain constructive on long-term demand fundamentals that support our businesses, notwithstanding the recent macroeconomic headwinds. Our financial position is exceptionally strong and we remain committed to serving our customers and delivering industry-leading operating performance across our businesses. We are very well positioned to navigate these dynamic market conditions and to generate long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, I think we can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Three questions for me, and I'll turn it over. And congratulations again, Dave. First off, on the acceleration of equipment with extended lead times, just trying to get at what exactly is happening that you're now able to accelerate the -- it sounds like the deliveries on machinery where there had been an extended lead time is something happening in the supply chain where that's improving? Secondly, again, related to wood, is there anything out of the ordinary with the maintenance you're doing in OSB in the third quarter, if you could talk about what's going to be going on at the mills that we should be aware of if there's any way to sort of quantify what the production loss might be? And then lastly, can you give us a quick update on Maine, where you stand now with the stage gating in terms of the audits and certification. I know you said you want to be ready by the end of the year, but if you can sort of fill in a little bit more color there, that would be great? Good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, thanks, George. Well, first, on the CapEx, really, it's just a function of what we're seeing in the market right now is extended lead time for pretty much all equipment. So this incremental $20 is just really a reflection of our view you need to get into the queue so that you can manage efficiently these longer-term capital projects. So, it's really -- it's not that things are getting better. It's just an acknowledgment that the time line for getting equipment is a bit extended. So in order to get in the queue, you can put down your deposits now, and that just will make for a more efficient and effective flow of projects over the next 18 to 24 months. On the OSB side, really nothing to say there other than just each OSB mill has maintenance that we do. It's the typical annual maintenance. From a dimension standpoint, probably $5 million to $10 million in terms of lost production quarter-over-quarter.
George Staphos: And then lastly on Maine.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And on main, thanks. So it's progressing as expected. We're working with the third-party certifiers, still expect to get it approved by the end of the year. So, it's really progressing in accordance with our schedule, and we're pleased with the progress.
Operator: Our next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Let me offer my congrats to Davy as well. Good to have you on the call.
David Wold: Thank you. Great to be here.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, obviously, housing has been a key topic as we've gone through the quarter. And with a lot of the homebuilders starting to prepare their businesses just sort of guide their businesses to a more normalized sort of pre-COVID sales pace for next year. How are you thinking about your business? How it's sized to that level of activity? And where inventories are today and how you're preparing for something like that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, great question. Obviously, there's been a lot of commentary around what's going on with the housing market. We can get into that in further detail if you'd like. But certainly, I think we are seeing some slowing. As we think about heading into this period of some choppiness in the housing market, I think the key takeaway is we've been preparing our business for just this situation for a number of years. All the work that we've done around OpEx and cost control to have industry-leading performance, the work we've done to get the balance sheet in a really good place, the variable dividend structure. All of these things give us a lot of flexibility if we run into a period of softness. Now our personal view is we'll probably see some softening. I'm not sure it's going to last all that long because we still feel pretty good about the underlying fundamentals with the under-billed housing stock and all the other things we've been talking about for a number of years. But if we do see a period of softening, we'll continue to operate our business well, focus on cost, focus on OpEx and innovation to make sure that we protect our margins as much as possible and serve our customers. So we'll see what happens from a housing standpoint, but I think we're really well positioned if we do see some softening.
Susan Maklari: Yes. Okay. I appreciate that. And then can you talk a little bit about Timberland, the valuations that you're seeing there, has anything changed as the macro outlook has perhaps softened a bit in the quarter? And how you're thinking about the supply and demand dynamics there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. If you're talking about Timberlands transactions in particular, I think the answer is no, things really haven't changed. We're still seeing very strong demand for Timberland transaction. I think you've seen that in some of the deals that have been announced lately, we're seeing very strong pricing for Timberland assets. I think that's really a function of a few different things. First of all, historically, Timberlands have been a good place to be in an inflationary environment. So there may be some of that. But I think more importantly, there's just a view that the longer-term value in Timberland assets is there. And you've seen really over the last 12 to 18 months, the values that people are paying for Timberland deals continues to go up. And I think it's just a reflection of interest in the asset class. So notwithstanding some of the choppiness we've seen and some of the uncertainty we've seen in the markets generally, that really hasn't flowed through to the Timberlands transactions.
Susan Maklari: Yes. Okay. I'm going to sneak one more in, which is you did increase amount of repurchases you did this quarter relative to what you've done in the first quarter and certainly relative to last year. Can you just talk a bit about your appetite for further repurchases given the valuation today and how you're thinking about the outlook for the business?
David Wold: Yes, Sue, you bet, this is Davy. As we've said in the past, we think about share repurchase as a useful tool to return cash to shareholders under the right circumstances, specifically when we see it as the best option for creating long-term shareholder value. So, yes, that increase to our authority of $1 billion last fall, that gives us more flexibility to buy back stock when we see good opportunities there. So, we did repurchase $138 million in Q2 at an average price of $36.23 per share, and we'll continue to look at those opportunities moving forward. We've progressed overall bigger picture against that $1 billion authorization. We've done $333 million year-to-date. So, we're -- cumulative to date since we announced that authorization. So, we're making steady progress against that. We'll continue to assess those share repurchases along with all the other options we have for cash deployment, and we'll report out on that share repurchase activity quarterly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Devin, if we do go through a period of softer markets in wood products because of housing, what are some of the other factors that you think might make where pricing and profitability for your business stabilize, different than maybe what it might have previously beyond some of these internal measures that you've taken, in particular, I'm thinking about high costs in BC. Is that going to be a factor do you think in the future being different than what five years ago, let's say, how things might have played out in a softer supply-demand environment?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Absolutely, Mark. And I think really, -- so putting aside the cost side, which we've discussed a lot in the past. On the sales realization side, I do think that when you think about -- and I'll speak to lumber particularly here. When you think about where lumber prices go, there's going to be a different cost structure by geography. And we've talked about this a bit in the past, but I do think just the dynamics with fiber availability and how that's impacted the cost structure in British Columbia, I think what that means is for a pretty significant percentage of the overall lumber capacity in North America, when you get below a certain price level, it's going to be pretty hard for a lot of the mills to be cash flow positive. Now whether that's $550 million, whether that's $600 million, there's some debate there. We certainly don't have visibility into our competitors' cost structure. But we do have a mill in British Columbia that we think is a top quartile cost mill. So we do have some view on that. And I think relative to what's going on across North America, the BC cost structure is going to play into that and likely keep lumber prices in terms of a floor higher than they've been historically. And so, I think that's going to be reflected. In terms of some other -- that will be the biggest. In terms of some other issues at play, obviously, from a wood construction standpoint, our industry is always looking to increase the share of wood in building. And so even beyond single-family residential, whether you're talking multi or tall wood buildings. That's something we continue to look at a little bit around the margins with infrastructure. So there may be some other things at play that make this look a little different than the last time we had a dip in the market.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And kind of maybe a small question, but -- so the CME is going to be launching a new futures contract. Does that -- is that going to matter for your business at all, do you think? And also, why might there not be anything for Southern Pine?
David Wold: Yes, Mark, we're aware of the new contract that's being rolled out. We'll keep an eye on it as it's introduced, although we monitor the futures market, it's not something we've used extensively given our business objectives and the volumes that have historically been traded there. And to your point on the species involved, it's possible the new contract may provide a little more volume and liquidity in the market. There may be a scenario where we'd have some use for the new contract and targeted transactions, but it's not something we'd anticipate using broadly at this point.
Devin Stockfish: And on the Southern Yellow Pine Point, Mark, I do think that's going to be down the road. They've talked about thinking about that. They're just kind of -- they're doing this one first, and they'll look at Southern Yellin down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Roxland with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Roxland: Just want to get a sense for you to what you're seeing in your order books at present, especially wood products specifically, any shortening, less committed orders, more purchases? And the reason I'm asking is, again, go back to home building, you've seen a notable pickup in the homebuilder cancellation rates. And as a result of that, you're also -- you're seeing more homes being placed in the market by billers just in one of products. So I'm wondering if what the home builders are seeing was actually trickling into your order book at present for wood products.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We haven't really seen it happen yet. In fact, on the OSB side, I'd say our order files are pretty much normal. On the lumber side, actually, our order books are a little elevated relative to normal, so a little longer on the lumber side. And on the EWP side, we're still on full allocation. So we really haven't seen that translate into our order files. And frankly, I think part of that, too, is just inventories across channel are pretty lean. And so there's still building going on and people need product that they're -- they're just not carrying much inventory. So there's a need to cover short-term requirements at present.
George Staphos: Got you. How far do they typically the order books, in terms of line of sight.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. On OSB, normal is in the range of two to four weeks. On the lumber side, it's usually one to two weeks. And like I said, on the lumber side, we're probably on the high end of that, a little north of that. And as I said, EWP is -- that's on allocation. So it's a little different story there.
Mike Roxland: Got you. I appreciate it. One just quick follow-up -- second question. Just wondering if you could help us frame how you're thinking about harvest slowing housing demand environment? And if I think about the -- Great Recession, nothing we're headed there. But during the Great Recession, if I recall correctly, Weyerhaeuser reduced its harvest by over 30%, I think in the 2009, 2010 time frame, your peers did something similar. And as a result, post Great Recession, you had a very slowly improving housing environment. And long story short, you're dealing with a situation in the U.S. South that goes today where timber there's excess timber on this and it still hasn't been worked through fully just given the that occurred during that period of time. So I'm wondering if you can help us think about if we do get into a recession, I mean we're there right now, we're in a recession based on GDP numbers yesterday. But if it gets even more severe, how you plan to harvest to avoid a repeat of what happened during the Great Recession?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of comments I would offer on that. I think, first of all, not that our crystal ball is perfect, but we're not expecting anything close to the Great Recession. And any sort of normal recessionary environment, I wouldn't anticipate our harvest level is really changing much. We have an integrated model. So we have internal mill customers, we manage our harvest levels to stay at sustainable levels over time. So in a normal run-of-the-mill recession, I wouldn't anticipate that really impacting our harvest levels. Now obviously, if we have a Great Recession type of event, which, again, seems pretty unlikely to us, then of course, we're going to dial in our harvest levels to match that supply to demand. But particularly given the dynamic with all of the new mills coming into the U.S. South, ultimately, even if markets soften, the U.S. South is a place where you make money really almost under any lumber pricing scenario. So, Southern mills are going to run. So I don't really have a whole lot of concern about really reducing harvest levels in the South, absent something really, really significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: I just wanted to start off on Western log prices. I mean historically, at least the domestic market has been fairly correlated with lumber, and you talked a bit about how you expect, I guess, realizations to come in a bit during Q3, but hoping you could maybe talk a little bit more about into 2023, if we were to see lumber prices stabilize around current levels, whether you would think there might be a little bit more downside? And how -- I guess, what you're seeing in the export market factors into that as well.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, great question. I think the answer is really it depends on a number of different factors. There's no question that in the West, you do see a stronger correlation between log prices and lumber prices. Obviously, a sawmill is not going to pay a log price that causes them to go cash negative. So there is definitely a correlation between log prices and lumber prices. But there are two other dynamics at play that also weigh in on that. One of which is just the very tight supply demand dynamic that's going on in the West. There's -- it's a highly tensioned wood basket. And so typically, you're going to see log prices stay pretty close to that level where mills can still make some profit. And the other piece, as you mentioned, is just the export market. That is a big market for us. We send a fair number of logs over to the Japan market and depending on domestic conditions also to China. So those three things really work in unison to set log prices. So the way I would think about it as we roll into 2023, regardless of what's going on in the economy, it's still going to be a tension wood basket. We still anticipate having good demand from our export customers. And so I think the way it will play out is you'll see log prices stay as strong as they can to still allow mills to make some level of profit. So we're still expecting a good solid market in 2023, even if you do see a little bit of a softening in the economy.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then for my second question, I mean, the contributions from the EWP business have been really exceptional over the last couple of quarters. And I guess as you kind of look out, there's a number of different crosscurrents there, right, with demand being heavily dependent on new resi construction, but the supply side at least right now is still very, very tight. Commodity prices have been quite volatile, but EWP prices are obviously have made some significant gains over the last two years. So was hoping if you could just talk a bit about how you think about the prospects for that business into 2023?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, first, just a shout out to our EWP team. They're doing just a remarkable job running that business. It's been a really good run. We've had a lot of demand for EWP products. And so that's really translated into great profitability in that business. As we look forward, you're absolutely right. That product line is much more tailored to single family. And so to the extent you see some softening there, clearly, that will have some impact. But I do think just for perspective, that is a market where the supply of EWP has been pretty short, and that's resulted in a lot of shortages for our homebuilder customers. And so to some level or to some extent, there's a little bit of room just to catch up to have that supply meet demand, even if you see single-family tick down a little bit. The other thing I would just mention is during this period where there's been such a shortage of engineered wood products, you have seen builders converting into 2x10, 2x12s, open web, and so there's still some opportunity for EWP if housing softens a bit to go take some of that market share back. So absolutely, it is tied to single family, but I think even with a softening housing environment, the EWP business is still going to be pretty strong in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn: Just a couple of questions. Just -- and welcome aboard, Davy. Just Devin, just you had performance of Wood Products in the last couple of years here. Is there any issues around your REIT test?
Devin Stockfish: No, we're in full compliance, expect to remain in full compliance, so no issues from a REIT standpoint.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then back to the Investor Day in '21, you had wanted to grow your lumber production by about 5% annually. Is that going to happen in 2022 here?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We are going to grow organic lumber production in 2022. I think our latest estimate is we'll be somewhere in the neighborhood of 5 billion board feet of production. And so that's along the path that we have to getting that 5% per year annual target. I will say we've got a little bit of catching up to do just because particularly in the early part of the year with all the COVID disruptions, et cetera, probably lost a little bit of production, but we're well on the way to meet that target over the multiyear period.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then what really needs to happen to accelerate and fully develop your Natural Climate solutions initiative?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, a couple of things. I mean, one of them is just time. A lot of these efforts take time to develop, whether it's the carbon capture and storage business. We feel really, really good about the long-term prospects. But it takes time to get those signed up, get the infrastructure built, et cetera, similarly, with the forest carbon business. Solar, we're signing up lots of solar deals, but those take several years to get up and running and connect it into the grid. So part of it is just time. I think part of it is we do need to see the pricing develop. I'll give you the example of forest carbon pricing. That's been bouncing around between $10 and $15 per ton. We do think that's going to increase over time. But clearly, if we're going to flex some of our forestry into carbon markets from our historical timber markets, that has to be margin positive. So you need to see that pricing come up. I do think there's a piece of it that's regulatory in nature. And so just for example, the current bill that's being looked at in Congress right now does have some provisions that would help accelerate that, whether it's the increased tax credit from 45Q to help with carbon capture and storage, direct air capture, whether it's additional support for building out wind and solar. Those things ultimately are going to happen regardless, but I think certainly some support there from a regulatory standpoint can help accelerate that. But I feel really good about the work the team is doing, just a tremendous job across the board, whether it's wind, solar, carbon capture and storage, mitigation banking across the board. Russell and his team are building out that organization and making some really good progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Wilde: Just first of all, kind of curious for both of you. It sounded to me this morning, like you're maybe toggling a little more toward kind of the potential for share repurchase activity and perhaps in light of kind of prospective weakness in the housing market and weakness in share prices. Is that fair? It just seemed like you put more emphasis on that this morning than I have ever heard in the past.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I mean, again, I'll say we look at share repurchase as a useful tool in the right circumstance. So -- we're fortunate to have a lot of levers, whether it be M&A, investing in the business, paying down debt, base and variable dividend payments, we think share repurchase can be an important element of our capital allocation mix. A lot of it is going to depend on our ability to look at that acquisition target and the patients that we'll need as we are disciplined as we pursue those Timberland acquisitions and evaluating all the options that are available to us to create shareholder value over time.
Mark Wilde: David, would you want to put a little color on just the process that you go through as you think about sort of the value of your stock versus going out and trying to buy incremental Timberland market.
David Wold: Sure. Yes. I mean, as you'd expect, we've got a view on the intrinsic value of the Company, and that's informed by a number of factors. It's -- importantly, it's based on our long-term view of the Company. So, we've got some thoughts on that that we look at, and we're always evaluating all the opportunities available to us, and it's going to depend on the events and circumstances that are in place at the time and the opportunities that are available to us. But we'll continue to be disciplined in all of those options and weighing them opportunistically.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then also, I guess, kind of related to this whole question here. It appears to me that sort of the increased focus on ESG has brought down the discount rates that people are using and looking at Timberland transactions. And I just -- I wonder if you agree with that based on what you've seen over the last three to five years in the Timberland market? And then if you could just give us some sense of what you think others might be using in terms of discount rate? What's implied in what you've seen in timber transactions that have been done out there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. So a couple of thoughts here. I do think that this view, there's an ESG play embedded within Timberlands is playing into discount rates and just the overall interest in the asset class. And you can see that around the margin, certainly with some of the private equity-like capital that's coming into the space. You see JPMorgan buying Campbell. Things of that nature, I think, are very much related to ESG, carbon, natural climate solutions, those kinds of opportunities. The thing that makes it hard to really quantify the impact of that on discount rates is you're also seeing money come in from all over the globe, where the discount rates people look for in Europe are a little different maybe than you would think in the U.S. So some of that gets a little muddied, but I think you're absolutely right directionally that ESG has lowered the discount rates people are using. In terms of giving you the range, I would still say kind of 4.5 to 5.5 is normal. But that being said, we've certainly seen some transactions lately, at least from our math, that seem to be pushing those discount rates quite a bit further. And particularly when you see some non-traditional type buyers come into the market, some of those discount rates can get really low. So, I think you are seeing on balance discount rates go down a bit in some of the transactions we've seen lately.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And just finally, real quickly, Devin. I mean the last four, four, six quarters in EWP pricing, like nothing I've ever seen before effectively just look at your graph this morning, I mean the price of I-joist looks like it's essentially doubled in about 1.5 years here. Can you talk about how you think about the stickiness of those prices if we see residential housing activities slow down?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, Mark, I'm probably not going to speculate on future pricing, but I will offer just a couple of directional comments on that. I think the big reason why you've seen this pricing dynamic is in a reasonably strong demand environment, there's just not enough EWP supply to go around. And so you take that, coupled with the fact that some of the input costs for EWP, so think OSB, web stock, resin, some of these other input costs have also gone up quite a bit. That's really just translated into a very strong pricing environment. And as I mentioned earlier, we're still on allocation across all of our products. Now obviously, as we go forward, this product feeds primarily into single-family, although I will say just as an aside, I do think there's lots of opportunity for EWP to find market share in commercial multifamily, some of the other focus on CLT, that kind of thing. There's more market opportunity for EWP. But even just a single family, if that goes down, that supply and demand dynamics will play out and impact pricing, but the underlying issue of EWP being in relatively short supply, unless you saw housing just fall off a cliff, I think that's more or less still going to be the case going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Buck Horne with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Buck Horne: Appreciate squeezing me in. There's just continue to be -- seems like announcement after announcement about more expansions and new sawmill capacity coming into the U.S. South and some of which certainly have some pretty big price tags associated with that when you think about the capacity per 1,000 board feet. It seems like there's a really big disconnect right now in terms of how the private market is viewing valuations for U.S. South sawmill capacity versus kind of what's implied in the public market right now. Do you think that presents any opportunities for M&A or industry consolidation going forward?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think I would agree with the disconnect. I think part of that has just been in the public markets. If you're trying to figure out what mid-cycle pricing looks like, that's been really challenging with the volatility across most of the Wood Products business. And I think that has led to a bit of a disconnect between that valuation. But in terms of opportunities, well, I think absolutely, whenever there's a disconnect in the value underlying value and then the way the market is otherwise seeing it, then certainly, there can be opportunities for M&A. And frankly, if we do see a little bit of a downturn, those are oftentimes the opportunities to do the best deals when you see those big value disconnect. So certainly, that's something I think everybody is watching for as we progress into the next 12 to 18 months.
Buck Horne: Okay. I appreciate those thoughts. Lastly, just for me, fire-related risks this year, has the wet weather out West really mitigated the impact for fires this year? How do you think that may shape up as we move through the summer?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Certainly, to date, that's been the case. It was a very wet spring and summer, didn't really start in the Northwest until July 5 or 6. So I think that's really put us in a position where, from a fire risk standpoint, standing here at the end of July, we're in pretty good shape. As always, I would just say that can change, and so we will do what we always do, which is monitor this closely. We've had a pretty good track record of managing fire across our ownership. So, we'll stay on high alert. But as of today, it's definitely at a lower risk than it would ordinarily be this time of summer.
Operator: We've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Andy Taylor, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor. You may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2022 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Nancy Loewe, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $771 million or $1.03 per diluted share on net sales of $3.1 billion. Excluding special items relating to our debt refinancing actions, we earned $978 million or $1.31 per diluted share. Our employees once again delivered phenomenal operational and financial results in the quarter, notwithstanding, persistent supply chain, transportation and pandemic related disruptions. Their collective efforts helped the company achieve its strongest first quarter adjusted EBITDA on record at $1.5 billion. This represents a 122% increase over the fourth quarter of 2021. Turning now to our first quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands on pages six through nine of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $182 million to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $71 million, compared to the fourth quarter. In the West, adjusted EBITDA increased by 77%, compared to the fourth quarter. Western domestic log markets were favorable through the first quarter, driven by strong demand as mills sought to capitalize on unseasonably high lumber prices. As a result, our domestic sales realizations were significantly higher compared to the fourth quarter. Overall log supply in the Western system was plentiful during the quarter due to favorable weather conditions as well as increased volumes from other landowners in response to strong log pricing. This drove log inventories at the mills to above target levels by the end of the quarter, particularly in Oregon. Our fee harvest volumes were significantly higher compared to the fourth quarter and per unit log and haul costs were lower as we made the seasonal transition to lower elevation and lower-cost harvest operations. Forestry and road costs were seasonally lower in the quarter. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs remained strong in the first quarter. High North American lumber prices combined with global logistics challenges, particularly with respect to port congestion and shipping container shortages continue to limit the availability of imported lumber into Japan. These dynamics are driving strong demand for our customers locally produced lumber in Japan and increased demand for our imported logs. As a result, our Japanese log sales realizations in the first quarter increased significantly compared to the fourth quarter. Sales volumes were slightly lower due to the timing of vessels. The Russia-Ukraine conflict did not have a material impact on our log export business into Japan during the first quarter. However, we do ultimately expect a reduction in Russian and European wood supply into Japan as a result of the conflict, which will likely bolster demand for our log exports into the Japanese market over time. In China, log inventories at the ports have remained elevated coming out of the Lunar New Year and we're seeing lower takeaway as a result of ongoing pandemic-related disruptions in the country. Notwithstanding these headwinds, end-market demand for our Western logs remained favorable in the quarter due largely to supply disruptions into China. Imports of lumber and logs into China continue to be impacted by global logistical challenges, port congestion, and restrictions on imported Australian logs. Imports were further constrained in the first quarter as Russia commenced its previously announced ban on log exports. And later in the quarter, European log supply was also disrupted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. As a result, our sales realizations for China export logs increased slightly in the quarter. Our sales volumes to China, however, decreased significantly as we intentionally shifted volume to the domestic market to support our domestic customers and capitalize on strong Western log prices. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands adjusted EBITDA was comparable to the fourth quarter. Notwithstanding ample log supply and improving log inventories as the quarter progressed, Southern sawlog markets remained favorable in the first quarter as mills sought to benefit from the strong lumber and panel pricing environment. Fiber markets were also favorable as mills bolstered inventories from the lean levels experienced at the outset of the quarter. As a result, our sales realizations increased slightly compared to the fourth quarter. Our fee harvest volumes in forestry and road costs were seasonally lower in the first quarter and per unit log and haul costs were moderately higher, primarily for fuel-related transportation costs. Regarding our Southern export business, our log exports to China remain temporarily paused as a result of recently adopted and fairly restrictive rules implemented by Chinese regulators to address potential phytosanitary concerns on imported pine logs. In response, we continue to redirect logs to domestic mills and the India export market during the first quarter. We continue to maintain a constructive longer term outlook for our Southern export business to China and other Asian markets. In the North, adjusted EBITDA increased by $1 million compared to the fourth quarter due to improved sales realizations across all products. Fee harvest volumes were seasonally lower in the first quarter. Turning to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources on pages 10 and 11. Real estate and ENR contributed $81 million to first quarter earnings and $116 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $67 million higher than the fourth quarter due to the timing of real estate transactions. Similar to the last few years, our real estate activities in 2022 are more heavily weighted toward the first half of the year. Average price per acre decreased compared to the fourth quarter due to the mix of properties sold, but remains elevated compared to historical levels as we continue to benefit from strong demand for HBU properties, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. Now, for a few comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business. In March, we announced an agreement with Oxy Low Carbon Ventures to pursue our first carbon capture and storage project. This partnership combines more than 30,000 acres of Weyerhaeuser's uniquely positioned subsurface ownership in Louisiana with Oxy's proven technical expertise in the management and sequestration of carbon dioxide. It will take several years to bring this project into production, and we expect that will come online in 2025 or 2026. This project represents an important milestone in our previously announced plan to grow our Natural Climate Solutions business. We expect to announce additional carbon capture and storage agreements as we continue to advance discussions with high quality developers on portions of our Southern US acreage. Moving now to Wood Products on pages 12 through 14. Wood Products contributed $1.2 billion to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $716 million, compared to the fourth quarter, a 138% improvement. This represents the second highest quarterly adjusted EBITDA on record for our Wood Products business. These are exceptional results considering the ongoing transportation and supply chain headwinds faced by our teams in the first quarter. I want to specifically recognize our supply chain and logistics teams for their continued focus and resolve while navigating these challenges. Starting with lumber and OSB markets. Benchmark lumber and OSB prices entered the quarter on an upward trajectory as demand for homebuilding and repair and remodel remained favorable and supply constraints persisted due to supply, transportation and labor-related challenges in addition to winter weather disruptions. This dynamic continued for most of the quarter, driving lumber and OSB prices once again to near record high levels. Demand softened somewhat late in the quarter as many buyers paused to assess downside risk with elevated price levels and to evaluate the potential impacts of rising mortgage rates on the housing market. Lower than expected takeaway from home centers also impacted demand to some extent in the quarter. Despite generally lean inventories heading into the spring building season, buyers remained cautious through the end of the quarter, with the reluctance to build meaningful inventory in a dynamic pricing environment. As a result, lumber and OSB prices peaked and started on a downward trajectory in March. Adjusted EBITDA for our lumber business increased by $453 million, compared to the fourth quarter, a 232% improvement. Our average sales realizations increased by 76% in the first quarter, while the framing lumber composite pricing increased by 81%. Production volumes increased moderately, resulting from less planned downtime and weather related downtime. Sales volumes were slightly lower, driven by ongoing transportation challenges. This dynamic resulted in an expansion of inventory levels during the quarter. Log costs were significantly higher, primarily for Western logs. Adjusted EBITDA for our OSB business increased by $216 million, compared to the fourth quarter, a 123% improvement. Our average sales realizations increased by 61% in the first quarter while the OSB composite pricing increased by 94%. This relative difference was largely a result of extended order files that lag surging OSB prices and shipping delays due to transportation disruptions primarily in Canada. Our production volumes improved slightly in the first quarter, resulting from less downtime for planned maintenance. As a result, sales volumes increased moderately compared to the fourth quarter, notwithstanding, significant transportation headwinds in Canada in January and February. Unit manufacturing costs were slightly higher in the quarter and fiber costs were significantly higher. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA increased by $22 million compared to the fourth quarter, surpassing last quarter's record by 19%.  Sales realizations improved in the first quarter and we benefited from previously announced price increases for solid section and I-joist products. This was partially offset by moderately higher raw material costs, primarily for OSB web stock and resin. Production volumes were moderately lower for solid section and I-joist products driven in large part by tight veneer supply and pandemic-related staffing challenges early in the quarter. As a result, sales volumes were comparable to the fourth quarter. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA increased by $32 million compared to the fourth quarter, an 80% improvement, as the business experienced strong demand and captured improved margins across all products. Before turning the call over to Nancy, I'd like to comment briefly on an exciting growth opportunity within our Southern Timberlands business. Earlier this month, we announced an agreement to acquire approximately 81,000 acres of high-quality timberlands in North and South Carolina for approximately $265 million. This is a unique opportunity to enhance our portfolio with highly productive and well-managed timberlands, which are located in some of the best coastal markets in the US South and strategically positioned to deliver operational synergies with our existing timber and mill footprint.  This acquisition offers extremely attractive timberland attributes and is expected to deliver portfolio leading cash flow and harvest tons per acre within our Southern Timberlands business. Additionally, we expect to capture incremental benefits from real estate and natural climate solutions opportunities overtime. The transaction is expected to close later in the quarter and represents an exciting milestone in our multiyear strategy to grow the value of our Timberland portfolio through disciplined investments. So with that I'll turn the call over to Nancy to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook.
Nancy Loewe : Thank you, Devin and good morning, everyone. I'll be covering key financial items and first quarter financial performance, before moving into our second quarter outlook. I'll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 16. We generated $957 million of cash from operations in the first quarter, this is an increase of over $460 million from the fourth quarter and is our highest first quarter operating cash flow on record. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents and total debt of $5.1 billion. At the end of February, we initiated a series of transactions to further enhance our strong financial position by effectively refinancing $900 million of debt. This included the issuance of $450 million of notes due in 2033, with 3.375% coupon and $450 million of notes due in 2052 with a 4% coupon.  The net proceeds plus cash on hand were then used to close cash tender offers for $931 million of principal on notes with considerably higher rates. We incurred a net after-tax charge of $207 million related to premiums and unamortized debt issuance cost and debt discount, in connection with the early debt repayments, which is included in our first quarter -- results as a special item. These actions enabled us to capitalize on favorable interest rates prior to the most recent increase by the Fed, resulting in a meaningful reduction in the weighted average coupon in our debt portfolio, while also smoothing and extending the weighted average maturity. Overall, our annualized interest savings will be approximately $38 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $70 million, which is typical in the first quarter. We returned $121 million to shareholders through share repurchase activity. These shares were repurchased at an average price of $37.87. And as of quarter end, we had approximately $800 million of remaining capacity under our $1 billion share repurchase program. We will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. We also returned $134 million to shareholders through the payment of our quarterly base dividend which was increased by 5.9% to $0.18 per share during the quarter. This is in line with our commitment to grow our sustainable base dividend by 5% annually through 2025. Adjusted FAD for the first quarter totaled $850 million, as highlighted on Page 18. As a reminder, we will supplement our base dividends each year with an additional return of cash to achieve the targeted annual payout of 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD. As demonstrated in 2021, we have the flexibility in our framework to return this additional cash in the form of a supplemental dividend or a combination of a supplemental dividend and opportunistic share repurchase First quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 15. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment decreased by $31 million compared to the fourth quarter. This decline was primarily attributable to a $59 million non-cash charge for the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO in the first quarter due to the elevated levels of high-value inventory. As seasonal inventory levels are reduced in the second quarter, we do expect to record a non-cash benefit for the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. Looking forward, key outlook items for the second quarter are presented on Page 19. In our Timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly lower than the first quarter but still higher than any other quarter since the fourth quarter of 2018. Turning to the Western Timberlands operations. Domestic log demand softened somewhat at the outset of the second quarter in response to ample log supply, elevated mill inventories and reduced takeaway of finished products as lumber prices retreated from historically high levels. As a result, we expect our domestic sales realizations to be lower in the second quarter, but still substantially higher than any quarter in 2021. Forestry and road costs are expected to be significantly higher as we enter the spring and summer months, and per unit log and haul costs are also expected to increase. We anticipate our fee harvest volumes will be comparable to the first quarter. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs remained strong as imported lumber continues to be restricted by global shipping challenges and more recently, in response to wood flow disruptions, resulting from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. As a result, our Japanese sales volumes are expected to increase significantly compared to the first quarter. We anticipate our second quarter sales realizations to be comparable to the strong levels experienced in the first quarter. In China, despite elevated log inventories at the ports, demand for our logs remains favorable as imports of lumber and logs from other countries continue to be constrained. As a result, our sales realizations on log imports into China are expected to be slightly higher compared to the first quarter. We anticipate our sales volumes to be significantly lower, as we continue to flex logs to our domestic customers to capture the highest margin. In the South, despite the pullback in lumber and OSB pricing at the outset of the quarter and a seasonal increase of log supply, log demand remains stable as mills maintain elevated inventories to mitigate risk from ongoing transportation challenges. As a result, we expect our sales realizations to be comparable to the first quarter. We anticipate our fee harvest volumes will be moderately higher, as seasonal weather patterns transition to drier conditions. Similar to the West, forestry and road costs are expected to be significantly higher as we enter the spring and summer months, and we anticipate moderately higher per unit log and haul costs. In the North, due to product mix, sales realizations are expected to be significantly higher than the first quarter, while fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly lower as we enter the spring breakup season. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Real estate markets remained strong, heading into the second quarter and we continue to anticipate a consistent flow of HBU transactions with significant premiums to timber value. For the second quarter, we expect net earnings will be comparable to an adjusted EBITDA will be slightly higher than the second quarter of 2021. We expect an increase in acres sold and a higher basis year-over-year due to the mix of properties we anticipate to sell. For our Wood Products segment, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be higher than the first quarter, excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and OSB. Demand for our products remain favorable, heading into the spring building season, supported by strong new residential construction and professional repair and remodel activity. As Devin mentioned, supply continues to be constrained by transportation challenges and inventories through the channel remain lean. Despite these dynamics, benchmark pricing for lumber and oriented strand board entered the second quarter on a rapid downward trajectory, as buyers continue to assess downside risk of elevated price levels and we're reluctant to build inventories in this dynamic pricing environment. By late April, benchmark pricing for both products stabilized as buyers took steps to replenish inventories to prepare for the spring building season. As shown on page 20, for lumber, our current and quarter-to-date realizations are significantly lower than the first quarter average. For OSB, our current realizations are comparable and quarter-to-date realizations remain higher than the first quarter average due to the length of our order files. For our lumber business, we expect improved production volumes and moderately lower unit manufacturing costs in the second quarter. Sales volumes are expected to improve significantly, with increased production, as well as higher seasonal inventory drawdown. We anticipate moderately lower log costs compared to the first quarter, primarily for Western logs. For our OSB business, we expect moderately higher sales volumes compared to the first quarter, resulting from higher production volumes and improving transportation networks, primarily in Canada. Unit manufacturing costs are expected to be slightly lower and fiber costs are expected to be comparable. For our engineered wood products business, as we continue to capture the benefit of price increases announced in February, we expect higher sales realizations for our solid section and I-joist products. We anticipate this will be completely offset by significantly lower sales realization for our plywood products. Our sales and production volumes are expected to be significantly higher in the second quarter as veneer supply continues to improve. We anticipate this will be partially offset by significantly higher raw material costs primarily for OSB web stock. And for our distribution business, we're expecting adjusted EBITDA to be significantly lower than the first quarter primarily due to reduced commodity margins. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks Nancy. Before wrapping up this morning, I'll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. First quarter housing starts averaged 1.75 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, an improvement of 5% over the fourth quarter. Activity dipped slightly in January, driven by winter weather and pandemic-related labor challenges, but improved as the quarter progressed. March housing starts totaled nearly 1.8 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, the highest monthly level since 2006. Housing permits in the first quarter averaged nearly 1.9 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, surpassing last quarter by 7% and surging to its highest quarterly average since before the Great Recession. Although these results demonstrate strong underlying demand for new home construction, the cycle time between starts and completions continues to be extended as homebuilders face ongoing supply chain disruptions, labor availability challenges, and rising material costs. Additionally, we do expect increasing mortgage rates and higher inflation to have some impact on the housing market. However, notwithstanding these headwinds, our customers continue to see strong demand and remain optimistic for new home construction in 2022. And we remain constructive on near-term and longer term housing demand fundamentals given favorable demographic trends, a significantly underbuilt housing stock, a strong labor market, and elevated household balance sheets. Turning to repair and remodel. We continue to see favorable activity from large professional projects in the first quarter, representing a continuation of the strong demand signal we saw from this segment in 2021. Demand from the Do-It-Yourself segment softened modestly in the first quarter, largely driven by concerns over the return of near record high lumber prices. Overall, our long-term outlook for repair and remodel continues to be favorable, supported by an aging housing stock, rising home equity, and historically low supply of new and existing homes for sale. In closing, we delivered our strongest first quarter financial performance on record and I'm incredibly proud of our employees for their continued dedication and resilience. We continue to make meaningful progress towards the multiyear growth targets we announced at our Investor Day last September and remain committed to serving our customers and delivering industry-leading performance across our operations. Our balance sheet is strong and with $850 million of adjusted FAD generated in the first quarter, 2022 is off to a great start. We believe the company is well-positioned to deliver considerable long-term value and superior returns for our shareholders. With that, I think we can go ahead and open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on a great quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning. Thank you.
Susan Maklari: Yeah. My first question is, obviously, there's a lot of puts and takes and moving parts when you think about housing and the lumber and OSB markets that are out there. Appreciating a lot of that commentary that you gave around some of those shifts in terms of demand and different sort of dynamics in the quarter. But I guess think about the builders and the backlog that they're seeing and even the continued sales paces that have been coming through April, how do you think about the potential to see some of this inventory starting to reverse itself as they try and get through those backlogs? And what that could possibly mean for pricing as we go through the summer and maybe even into the early parts of the fall?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. No, great question, Susan. I think, first of all, I'll just say trying to predict pricing for lumber and OSB is always difficult. But a few thoughts, I think, just to kind of put it in perspective. We've certainly seen some volatility from a pricing standpoint for both lumber and OSB over the last six, nine months. We saw the run-up over the first quarter, and then it came back down a fair bit as we got through the end of March into April seems to have stabilized here over the last couple of weeks. As we think about what's going to happen over the next several months, a few things, I think, drive our thinking. First of all, I do think that the inventory levels across the channel are pretty lean. And I think that's just largely a function of people being nervous about carrying inventory at the higher price levels. So heading into the spring building season, I think inventories are lower than you would normally expect for this time of year. And that's both with respect to lumber and OSB. I would say with the one exception that maybe the inventories at mills in Canada are probably at/or slightly above normal levels just because of some transportation issues. But again, across the system, inventory levels are pretty low. So on the supply side, I think we're going to get into the months where you're going to see production picking up, transportation should start to improve a little bit in Canada with the rail. But I think the demand side is going to continue to be strong. We certainly are seeing good strong demand from our homebuilder customers as they head into the spring building season. We can talk more about housing in general. But from our standpoint, we're expecting a good strong spring building season from a residential construction standpoint. On the repair and remodel side, the pro segment continues to go really, really well, a lot of demand out of that segment. And I think the do-it-yourself segment, even though we did see a little bit of a dip in the first quarter, that seems to be stabilizing as well as we get into the spring time period. So net-net, we're feeling pretty good about the spring and would expect the pricing environment to stay pretty strong.
Susan Maklari: Yeah. Okay. I appreciate all that, Devin. I know there's a lot there and we'll see how it all comes together. But I appreciate the commentary. My follow-up question is it's exciting to hear the arrangement that you announced with Oxy in the quarter as we think about the carbon opportunities that are out there. Can you kind of talk a little bit more about that potential opportunity? And maybe how we should be thinking about some other announcements that could be coming down the line as you continue to invest in that?
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Yeah, we're really excited about it. Obviously, this is our first carbon capture and storage agreement that we've announced. I think we've picked a really good partner with Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, which is a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum. And this is really an opportunity to combine the unique position that we are in with so much acreage, subsurface rights and good geologic information and partner with a firm that has a lot of experience, technical expertise in the management and sequestration of CO2. So really excited about the project. It is going to take a few years to get everything put together. You've got permitting, you've got infrastructure buildouts, etcetera. But we think this is going to come online somewhere in the 2025, 2026 timeframe.  We're not providing the economics behind the deal right now. But really, we'll start to see the real economics flow once it goes online and we're putting CO2 into the ground. But really excited about it. We're in active negotiations and discussions with a number of other partners throughout our southern ownership. So, we'd expect to be announcing some additional agreements over the next 12 to 18 months.
Susan Maklari: Great. That's exceptionally helpful. I'm going to sneak one more in, which is just it was good to see you buying back some stock in the quarter. Obviously, it sounds like things are remaining supportive as we think about the balance of this year. Can you talk about just your appetite to maybe continue within the repurchase activity there? How we should be thinking about the opportunities for cash?
Nancy Loewe: Yes. Susan, I'll take that. As we've said in the past, we do think that share repurchase is a good tool for returning capital to shareholders under the right circumstances. And specifically, that's when we see it's the best option for shareholder value creation. We did actually purchase $121 million as you saw in Q1, and we'll continue to look at share repurchase opportunistically and that's why we increased the repurchase authorization to $1 billion. We wanted to have more flexibility that was flexibility on price, but also on the ability to move quickly when we do see the opportunity. So, we'll continue to be assessing the share repurchase along with all the other options we have on capital allocation. And as we do every quarter, we'll report out our share repurchase activity each quarter.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you very much for that and good luck with everything.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
George Staphos: Hi everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. Congratulations on the progress and also the well-timed refinancing activity. I had three questions. I'll ask them one, two, three, just to make it efficient for you. So first off, on inventories, Devin, you had mentioned some elevated log inventories in Oregon. What effect do you think that might have in the market, if anything at all? And are you seeing any signs that the Canadian inventory is finding its way into the market? Secondly, could you maybe piggyback on Susan's question, can you talk to us about the prospects for accelerating the supplemental dividend if, in fact, that's where we're at by the end of the year, obviously, lots can change. And doing one earlier as opposed to what has been your plan, which is to have it payable in the first quarter following the year? And then lastly, can you update us on where you stand in terms of getting project audits done and credits issued with the carbon sequestration credit project up in May? Thanks guys. And good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thanks. Maybe I'll take the question on inventories and carbon and Nancy can cover the supplemental dividend question. With respect to inventories, we did see some elevated log inventories in Oregon. So, all things considered, I would expect that to put a little bit of pressure on pricing in the log market and the Pacific Northwest and that's reflected in our guidance.  But I think the overall story in the Northwest is still pretty strong. We've got good lumber prices. And so the mills are running full out. I think we're going to have some good export activity to Japan. So we're still expecting a very strong market in the Pacific Northwest. Just a little bit of a headwind down in Oregon as mills work through some of that inventory. With respect to the inventory at Canadian mills, I can speak with respect to our mills, obviously, not so much with respect to our competitors. For us, we're seeing those come down over the course of Q2. We are seeing some slight improvements in rail in Canada. And so that's certainly going to be helpful as we work that through. So I expect those to come down over the course of the second quarter as we progress into the deeper spring. With respect to the carbon project up in Maine, it's coming along on plan. So as we mentioned last year, we listed that project on a voluntary market. We're in the process of third-party validation. So that's going well so far, and we would expect that to continue and be in a position to have the credits actually issued later this year. And then we'll look to monetize those when the price is right for carbon.
Nancy Loewe: Yes. And George, I'll take the interim dividend. So in terms of the interim dividend we paid last year, that was a one-time exception to our new dividend framework. We’ve always anticipated that the supplemental dividend is going to be paid out annually in Q1 for the prior fiscal year and again, the primary reason for that, as you know, is to make sure we're ensuring we're matching our variable dividend component to the cash flow we're actually generating, so we've got to kind of wait until we see through the whole year, so we don’t anticipate an interim dividend this year.
George Staphos: Fair enough. Makes sense. Good luck and I’ll now turn it over. Thanks, guys.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Obviously, we're seeing amazing lumber, OSB pricing. I think we've seen a lot of evidence now of pensioning in the wood baskets in the West when we see strength. In the South, how -- are you beginning to see in any of your basket where drain is catching up to growth? And how far away do you think we are from potentially a real inflection point for pricing and profitability in the South?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, Mark, I think the answer is it's really dependent on the specific wood basket, right? And so it's very regional in terms of the supply-demand dynamic within each individual wood basket. No question, there are some areas that, with all the new capacity coming online, you're getting back to a more balanced dynamic. You can look across spots on the Atlantic Coast, North Carolina, I think is a good example. There are some micro markets in Mississippi, Arkansas, North Central Louisiana. So there are spots where you're seeing that happen. I do think still on balance, though, when you look across the South as a whole, it's still more heavily weighted to being oversupplied. And so that's just -- as we've said, it's a long process, and it's going in the right direction. And I think we've seen some of that over the last 12 to 18 months when you look at Southern sawlog prices, and we expect that trend to continue. But I do think there are a number of spots where you still have a ways to go. So I would say it's just going to continue to be slow, steady improvement over time. But in the interim, we're really focused on generating value even at existing prices. And so, we'll be positioned through our execution, our ownership to participate as that continues to improve over time.
Mark Weintraub: And I do appreciate you've been really consistent on this, and it's maybe not a fair question. But do you have a perspective on how long it might be, as this new supply comes on in the South, to when it's kind of a more broad-based balancing and tightening?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean, I think, it's going to happen over a number of years. I mean, we've seen a lot of new capacity coming into the US South. I think the number I saw last, from 2017 through all the stuff that's been announced since coming online over the next year or two, you're talking 9 billion to 10 billion board feet of additional capacity that's coming into the system. So we'll see some of that coming on later this year. I think importantly, we're most important -- most importantly for us is just, where that capacity comes online, and we've certainly seen a number of mills coming into wood baskets where we have a lot of fee ownership. So I think it will happen over a number of years and some spots will improve faster than others, but we certainly see the trend heading in the right direction.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Appreciate the perspective.
Mark Weintraub: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks very much. Good morning. Just maybe start on the timberland acquisition from Campbell Global. The price was reported at $3,300 an acre, which is pretty high relative to just about everything I've seen out there. Just wondering how big that HBU component is? Can you give us some color there, so we can sort of understand that side of it?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So just maybe a few comments here to put it in perspective. This 81,000 acres of timberlands, really some of the best, highest quality timberland that's come to market in quite some time. It's really good stocking levels, mature age class, high percentage grade mix, high percentage planted pine acreage. So really very, very high-quality market -- or timberlands come into market. So that's -- really for us, that's how we underwrote this deal, was really from a timber standpoint and the $13 million a year of EBITDA that we're talking about over the next 10 years. That's really what we use to underwrite the deal, was just really the timber piece. So the HBU, we always find HBU opportunities when we do these kinds of transactions, and I suspect that will be the case with this transaction as well. Similar with some of the natural climate solutions opportunities there, sole or mitigation banking, we think there's some opportunities there as well. But we didn't underwrite this deal just based on HBU. It was really based off of the timber portfolio that's on the land base.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then, maybe just, you referenced, you expect log volumes to increase into Japan due to the Russian conflict. So Q1 looked pretty high. Just wondering how high Q2 is? And then secondarily, Europe shipped about 1.65 billion board feet of lumber into North America last year. How much do you think that is going to drop in 2022 as a result of the conflict?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of things there. For us, as we think about the impacts from Russia, Ukraine, we obviously don't do any direct business in either of those markets. But you noted two of the potential impacted markets for us. And it's really -- when we think about the three different geographies, Japan is number one and we've talked about this before. Our customers compete with European glue lam going into the Japan market. And we've seen -- even as we've gone into Q2, we've seen that volume dial back a little bit, which is an opportunity for our customers that are processing our Pacific Northwest [indiscernible] logs to pick up market share. And so we're going to do everything we can to support our customers as they try to build market share. So, I think there will be some opportunities to bolster our sales into Japan as a result of that. And we're certainly looking to do that in Q2. You noted the second potential impacted geography, which is North America and I think as we see the Europeans essentially ban Russian wood coming into Europe, the European market is going to have to keep more of that fiber lumber in that domestic market to satisfy their needs, which should result in a reduction of European supply coming into the US market. I don't -- I still think with the pricing environment that we have in the US, you are going to see some level of European lumber imports into the US, which I will note, just as an aside, is still a relatively small amount as we think about the overall market. But we'll see some reduction in that European volume coming into the US. The other market where we could be impacted is China. Obviously, we do have a business into China exporting logs. I would expect the Russians to send more wood into China as other markets have been closed off. So that will be a little bit of a mixed bag, a little bit more Russian wood coming into China, probably a little less European wood going into that market. I expect that's going to be kind of a net neutral for us, but could be bumpy here for a bit.
Paul Quinn: All right. That’s all I had. Best of luck guys.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Wilde: Good morning Devin, good morning Nancy.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning Mark.
Mark Wilde: I just want to come back on Paul's question around the North Carolina, South Carolina acquisition. I think that you pointed to harvest volumes in the first few years in the sort of sic and a half to seven tons per acre per year, which is quite high relative to what I think most of us use for kind of sustain harvest. Can you give us some perspective on where that level is versus what you would expect on a trend basis?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean, so if you look at our Southern ownership as a whole, it's well south of that. So, you're usually looking kind of in the three and a half to four tons per acre from a harvest standpoint. So, this is quite a bit higher and that's really just a reflection of a couple of things. First of all, very high grade mix, particularly over the first decade or so, which drives a lot of that and a mature age class. And so we're just going to see a lot more opportunity to monetize just given the age class and stocking levels that we have on this ownership.
Mark Wilde: So, is there any way to kind of take that and just think about sort of if $13 million a year is sort of coming out of the chute, your level of EBITDA of the land, what kind of more of a normalized trend would be?
Devin Stockfish: You're talking in kind of the second and third decades?
Mark Wilde: Yes. Yes, I'm just trying to think about it. I mean, you're clearly, you're getting some benefit in the early years because of the maturity of the lands. And I'm just trying to think about sort of what type of yield it implies on a more normalized basis?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, without trying to get into predicting decades out in this, what I'd say more -- we're feeling really good about the cash flow profile over the first 10 years. I mean, that will obviously go down over time, and it will, I think, go more in line with our historical trends across the southern ownership as a whole. But the other thing I would note about that when we talk about that EBITDA, that's really just focused on our existing Timberlands business, and it really does not reflect I think as Paul alluded to, HBU opportunities and other natural climate solutions opportunities, which we do think will be incremental to that over time.
Mark Wilde: Okay. The second question I have is around the lumber business. And just when I look at the data for last year, kind of, striking that Southern lumber capacity was up 900 million board feet yet production was only up about 140 million. So you would think in the context of the highest prices ever that actually like operating rates would have gone up, but operating rent actually went down 400 basis points. I'm just trying to get your sense of what went on there? Was that like COVID related labor issues? And how much of a bounce back might we see in 2022?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I think it's primarily related to COVID disruptions. It's very difficult when you're in the midst of a pandemic to have sufficient labor to pick up shifts when things go wrong. I mean in a normal environment, you're going to have weather issues. You're going to have maintenance issues. You're going to have all the things that happen in a lumber mill. But you ordinarily have the opportunity to run a few extra shifts, whether it's a Saturday or a little over time to get that kind of back up to where you need it to be. That's really been challenging in the environment that we've been over the last, call it, 12 to 18 months. And I would say now, just given the fact that labor availability is so tight across the economy as a whole, even as you've come out of COVID, where you're not still facing the same level of issues with quarantines, it's just still hard to get people. And so I'd say, generally speaking, we're in an environment where there's just not enough labor to pick up those extra shifts. And when you have new people at a mill, the other thing that maybe sometimes people forget is the folks that run the equipment at a mill are very skilled and knowledgeable, and they -- having people that have been there and know what they're doing really drives the efficiency and productivity in a mill. And so when you have higher turnover or you're having labor challenges and getting people in roles, that has an impact as well. So I think it's really -- it's COVID and its labor market are the two things that are driving that.
Mark Wilde: Yeah. And just from a Weyerhaeuser perspective, do you expect any kind of full year improvement just year-over-year in terms of your production capability, production volumes?
Devin Stockfish: We do, and that's really a couple of things. One, on the lumber side, obviously, that's part of our organic growth strategy. So that will continue to progress on pace. And I would expect our production to be up year-over-year from a lumber standpoint. And even OSB and EWP, assuming that on the EWP side, we can continue to find sufficient veneer, I would expect that to be at/or slightly above last year as well.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Just if I can slip one other one in here on EWP. You've got a really great franchise there, Devin. And it's a product area that is growing. So can you just talk with us about any kind of potential investment opportunities to continue to grow that franchise?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I mean, we really do. The Trust Choice franchise is a great product. It has a lot of value in the market, both because of the quality of the product, but also the team in place to help support our customers. So, you're absolutely right. It's a great product. We are looking for opportunities to grow that organically through our capital programs. That's really where we're focused right now. But I do think as a product EWP as a product is an area where we've got a unique skillset and a really key part to play in the market for growing that. So, we're looking at that, nothing specific to announce today, Mark, but I think you're exactly right. That's an opportunity for us overtime.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Sounds good. I will turn it over. Thanks Devin.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Can you talk a little bit more about kind of the current market for good quality industrial timberlands in the South? And maybe specifically what you're seeing in terms of prices in the market, maybe appreciation compared to pre-pandemic period, maybe level of sort of institutional interest you're seeing in timberlands. And I guess timber has historically been talked about as sort of a good inflation hedge. We're obviously seeing record inflation? How do you see that hedge playing out?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, there's no question. There has been a lot of interest in timberland over the last 12, 24 months. We're seeing a lot of parties at the table for all of the deals that come to market. So, a lot of interest, I think, both from your traditional buyers, the REITs, the TMOs, the private integrated companies. But we're also seeing some new entrants into this market in terms of some of the capital that's being raised around carbon and ESG. So it is -- it's a space where we're seeing a lot of interest. I think you've seen that reflected in some of the deal values of late.  And so, we are seeing the overall buying community value timberlands, maybe at a higher level than they have even just over the last few years. So we're certainly seeing that. To what extent is that people coming in, based on timber being an inflation hedge, a little hard to say. I mean historically, I think that has been true that timber inflation hedge. And so certainly, we continue to believe that that's true overtime. And as you say, this is a period where that will likely be tested given what's going on with inflation. But to your main question, absolutely, there's a lot of interest in Southern Timberlands – Western Timberlands for that matter as well.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just staying with Timberlands. I mean you made a couple of acquisitions last year, in Oregon and Alabama. But you also, I think, divested close to 300,000 acres. Should we be surprised to see you pursue kind of strategic divestitures in tandem with like acquisitions like in the Carolinas. And do you see kind of a decent pipeline of these kind of, I guess, 50,000 to 100,000 type acre pickups like Oregon, Alabama and now the Carolinas.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I'd say Oregon was a unique opportunity to really do two deals together. But I think if you just step back and look at all of the divestitures and acquisitions that we've done over the last several years, it really goes to our main strategy of optimizing and growing the value of our timber portfolio. So, we have done a number of sizable divestitures over the last several years.  I think to some extent in the West and in the South, we've largely taken care of the big opportunities. And so we're going to continue to look here and there to optimize. So you may see us sell smaller acreage here and there. But overall, I think we're certainly in more of a growth mode at this point given kind of where we position the portfolio over the last several years In terms of the pipeline, there's -- we've started off the year pretty strong. I think there's about $1.5 billion of acquisitions that have happened thus far this year. We'll see how the pipeline develops over the next several months. Our best guess here sitting here in April, probably in the neighborhood of $3 billion to $3.5 billion of acquisitions is what we're expecting for the year. So we're active. We look at all the deals that come to market, but we're also talking to people all the time about trying to create deals as well. So we'll continue to be active in this space and continue to look for opportunities to grow the value of our portfolio in a disciplined way.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We appreciate your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Andy Taylor: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Nancy Loewe, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported full year GAAP earnings of $2.6 billion or $3.47 per diluted share on net sales of $10.2 billion. Excluding special items, our full year 2021 earnings totaled $2.5 billion or $3.37 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA was a record $4.1 billion, more than 86% increase over full year 2020. For the fourth quarter, we reported GAAP earnings of $416 million, or $0.55 per diluted share on net sales of $2.2 billion. Excluding a total after-tax benefit of $49 million for special items, we earned $367 million or $0.49 per diluted share for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $674 million. I'll start this morning by thanking our employees for an exceptional year. Through their collective efforts, Weyerhaeuser delivered its strongest financial performance on record. Each of our businesses executed remarkably well. The team has maintained a safety focus and continue to serve our customers, all while navigating persistent operational and market challenges. I'm extremely proud of our accomplishments in 2021, which further positioned the company to drive superior long-term value for our shareholders. Notable 2021 highlights include delivering record adjusted EBITDA from our Wood Products business of $3.4 billion, a 120% increase over 2020, capturing more than $70 million of company-wide operational excellence improvements, optimizing our timberlands holdings through strategic transactions in Alabama and Washington, launching our Natural Climate Solutions business with a growth target to achieve $100 million of annual EBITDA by year-end 2025, publishing the company's inaugural peer-leading carbon record, establishing a leadership position amongst our North American peers in setting a science-based greenhouse gas reduction target, strengthening our balance sheet by paying down an additional $375 million of debt and increasing our share repurchase authorization to $1 billion. In addition, as highlighted on Page 19 of our earnings slide, we generated more than $2.6 billion of adjusted FAD in 2021, further demonstrating the strong cash generation capability of our unmatched portfolio of assets and industry-leading operating performance. Based on our 2021 results, we announced this morning that our Board of Directors has declared a supplemental cash dividend of $1.45 per share payable on February 28 to holders of record on February 18. This supplemental dividend represents the final installment of our cash return to shareholders based on 2021 results. When combined with our 2021 quarterly base dividends of $0.68 per share and the one-time interim supplemental dividend of $0.50 per share that was paid in October, we are returning a total of $2.63 per share of dividends to shareholders based on 2021 results, which equates to a 75% of 2021 adjusted FAD. Including the $100 million of shares repurchased in 2021, Weyerhaeuser is returning more than $2 billion of total cash to shareholders based on 2021 results or 79% of 2021 adjusted FAD, which is at the upper end of our commitment of returning 75% to 80% of FAD on an annual basis. Moving forward in 2022, we remain committed to returning a significant amount of cash to shareholders. This will continue to be supported by our sustainable quarterly base dividend which, as previously announced, we intend to grow by 5% annually through 2025. As outlined in our cash return framework on Page 18, we will supplement our base dividend with an additional return of cash, as appropriate, to achieve our targeted annual payout of 75% to 80%. As demonstrated in 2021, we have the flexibility in our framework to return this additional cash in the form of a supplemental cash dividend or a combination of a supplemental dividend and opportunistic share repurchase.  We continue to believe this flexible and sustainable cash return framework will enhance our ability to drive long-term shareholder value by returning meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash back to our shareholders across a variety of market conditions. Turning now to our fourth quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands, on Pages 7 through 10 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $110 million to fourth quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $11 million compared to the third quarter. For the full year, Timberlands' adjusted EBITDA increased by 14% compared to 2020. These strong results were delivered despite persistent weather, transportation and pandemic-related challenges in 2021, and I would like to specifically recognize our Western Timberlands team for their exceptional work managing through the salvage operations resulting from the 2020 Oregon fires. As of year-end, we've completed substantially all of the planned salvage harvest. In the West, adjusted EBITDA increased by $3 million compared to the third quarter. Western domestic log market showed signs of improvement at the outset of the fourth quarter following a brief softening in demand in September. As the fourth quarter progressed, log demand further improved as mills sought to capitalize on rapidly increasing lumber prices. While log supply in the Western system was sufficient as the quarter began, it became constrained later in the quarter, particularly in Oregon, as a result of supply chain disruptions and adverse weather conditions. Despite this dynamic, our fee harvest volumes increased slightly compared to the third quarter. With lower log inventories and limited regional log supply as the quarter progressed, we increased the volume of our fee logs to our internal mills, resulting in modestly lower third-party domestic sales volumes compared to the third quarter. This is a great example of how we leverage our integrated business model to effectively navigate and capitalize on temporary market disruptions. Our average sales realizations in the West were comparable to the third quarter but increased each month and ended the year at their highest levels of 2021. Per unit log and haul costs decreased in the fourth quarter, as did forestry and road costs. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs remained strong in the fourth quarter as persistent global supply chain disruptions, a shortage of shipping containers and strengthening U.S. domestic lumber markets reduced the availability of imported lumber into Japan. This dynamic continued to drive solid demand for locally produced Japanese lumber and for our imported logs to support that domestic production. As a result, our Japanese log realizations in the fourth quarter increased slightly compared to the third quarter. Sales volumes were modestly lower due to timing of vessels. In China, end-market demand for our Western logs remained favorable in the quarter, despite lower-than-expected overall Chinese consumption and elevated log inventories at the ports. Imports of lumber and logs into China continue to be impacted by global shipping container availability and the ban on Australian logs. As a result, our sales volumes to China increased significantly compared to the third quarter. Sales realizations for our China export logs decreased slightly and ocean freight rates improved during the quarter. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands adjusted EBITDA increased by $4 million compared to the third quarter. Southern saw log and fiber markets continued to strengthen in the fourth quarter despite ample log supply resulting from dryer weather conditions. Mill inventories returned to normal levels in most geographies during the quarter, but log demand remained strong across the south as mills sought to capitalize on rising lumber and panel pricing and focused on bolstering log inventories heading into the first quarter. As a result of these dynamics, our sales realizations increased slightly compared to the third quarter and fee harvest volumes were modestly higher. Per unit log and haul costs increased slightly in the quarter, primarily for transportation costs. Turning now to Southern export, which remains a small component of our overall operations. During the fourth quarter, Chinese regulators implemented new rules for imported pine logs to address potential phytosanitary concerns. These regulations imposed additional costs and administrative requirements. As a result, we paused our Southern pine log exports to China. And consequently, our export log volumes to China decreased significantly compared to the third quarter. In response, we redirected logs to domestic mills and significantly increased our export log volumes to India in the fourth quarter. We are optimistic that this headwind for pine exports to China will be transitory and still maintain a constructive, longer-term outlook for our Southern export business. In the North, adjusted EBITDA increased by $2 million compared to the third quarter. Fee harvest volumes were significantly higher, resulting from favorable weather conditions and robust log demand as mills built inventory. Sales realizations increased slightly primarily for hardwood logs. Turning to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources on Pages 11 and 12. Real estate and ENR contributed $36 million to fourth quarter earnings and $49 million to adjusted EBITDA. Fourth quarter EBITDA was $11 million lower than the third quarter due to the timing of transactions. Similar to 2020, our real estate activity in 2021 was heavily weighted toward the first half of the year. For the full year, the segment generated $296 million of adjusted EBITDA, slightly higher than a revised full year guidance and 23% higher than 2020. Despite a year-over-year reduction in acre sold, full year earnings increased by 144% compared to 2020 due to the mix of property sold. And average sales price is increased by more than $2,000 per acre, a 120% increase. These results underscore the strength of the HBU market in 2021, the quality of our properties and our team’s ability to capitalize on these strong markets to deliver significant premiums to timber values. Now I’ll make a few comments on our Natural Climate Solutions business, which we launched in 2021. As shown on Page 22, full year adjusted EBITDA from this business increased by 73% compared to 2020, driven primarily by growth from existing businesses in our portfolio, including mitigation and conservation, as well as renewable energy. Additionally, we continue to make progress on our Forest Carbon pilot project in Maine and we continue to look to seek approval in 2022. We’re also advancing discussions with high quality developers of solar, wind and carbon capture and storage projects across our ownership. We continue to see multi-year growth potential from these businesses and maintain our target of reaching $100 million of annual EBITDA by the end of 2025. Moving to Wood Products, Pages 13 through 15. Wood Products contributed $466 million to fourth quarter earnings before special items and $517 million to adjusted EBITDA. Our EWP business established a new quarterly adjusted EBITDA record in the quarter, surpassing the prior record established just last quarter by 50%. For the full year, our lumber OSB and EWP businesses established new annual EBITDA records and our distribution business generated the highest annual adjusted EBITDA in over 15 years. This is all notwithstanding ongoing challenges resulting from supply chain, transportation, weather, and pandemic related disruptions. This is truly exceptional performance and I’m extremely proud of the resiliency, flexibility and determination exhibited by our teams as a navigated multiple headwinds in 2021. In the fourth quarter, demand remained unseasonably strong across our Wood Products businesses, driven by continued strength in new residential home building and repair and remodel activity, as well as favorable weather conditions for construction for the majority of the quarter. Starting with the lumber and OSB markets. Benchmark lumber prices entered the quarter on an upward trajectory driven by strong home building and repair and remodel demand. In contrast, OSB markets remained fairly balanced for the first two months of the quarter, resulting in relatively flat composite pricing. Both lumber and OSB pricing increased at a rapid pace starting in December as supply was disrupted by a myriad of factors, including major flooding in British Columbia that disrupted transportation and supply chain networks across Western Canada; labor challenges exacerbated by the Omicron variant, which impacted industry-wide mill operations, log supply and transportation carriers; and significant weather events that further impacted transportation and log supply in the Northwest and Canada in December. Channel inventories of both lumber and OSB ended the year in a lean position with continued strong demand. Adjusted EBITDA for our lumber business increased by $77 million compared to the third quarter. Our average sales realizations increased by 15% in the fourth quarter, while the framing lumber composite pricing increased by 40%. This relative difference was largely a result of extended order files that lagged surging lumber prices and shipping delays due to transportation disruptions. Our sales volumes decreased significantly in the fourth quarter, resulting from weather-related transportation challenges in Canada and lower inventory drawdown compared to the third quarter. Production volumes were modestly lower and unit manufacturing costs were moderately higher, resulting from weather-related events in the Northwest and Canada, including one week of downtime at our Princeton mill following the flooding event in British Columbia. Adjusted EBITDA for our OSB business decreased by $168 million compared to the third quarter. Despite a rapid increase in pricing in December, our average sales realizations decreased by 29% in the fourth quarter, while the OSB composite pricing decreased by 20%. Similar to lumber, this relative difference was largely a result of extended order files that lagged surging OSB prices and shipping delays due to transportation disruptions. Our sales volumes decreased slightly compared to the third quarter, resulting from weather-related transportation challenges in Canada. Production volumes and unit manufacturing costs improved in the quarter due to less downtime for planned maintenance. Fiber costs were moderately higher in the quarter. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA increased by $38 million compared to the third quarter, a 50% improvement. Raw material costs were significantly lower, primarily for OSB web stock. Sales realizations improved for most products, and we continue to benefit from previously [Technical Difficulty] price increases for solid section and I-joists. Sales and production volumes were lower for most products as a result of planned annual maintenance during the quarter and the impacts of COVID-related staffing shortages. In Distribution, adjusted EBITDA increased by $18 million compared to the third quarter, an 82% improvement as the business captured improved margins, primarily for lumber and OSB, partially offset by seasonally lower sales volumes. I’d like to now turn to operational excellence. In 2021, our teams captured more than $70 million of margin improvements, meeting our $50 million to $75 million target, while also making meaningful progress against our other OpEx priorities, including with respect to future value creation, cost avoidance, driving efficiencies and cross business synergies throughout the company. This was a remarkable accomplishment when considering the numerous challenges facing our business in 2021. Once again, our people demonstrated unwavering focus and exceptional teamwork to deliver innovative and creative solutions to overcome obstacles and drive OpEx across the company. In addition, I’m pleased with how well our employees continue to drive cross-business OpEx that improved margins in both Timberlands and Wood Products. These efforts optimized internal log deliveries to Weyerhaeuser mills to maximize value and avoid out-of-log downtime. And our teams worked together across our businesses to ensure that we maximize the recovery value from our salvage operations in Oregon. As we look forward to the future, we’re targeting another $175 million to $250 million of OpEx improvements across our businesses between 2022 and 2025. And I look forward to sharing more about our key initiatives and results in the years ahead. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Nancy to discuss some financial items in our first quarter and 2022 outlook.
Nancy Loewe: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I’ll be covering key financial items and fourth quarter financial performance before moving into our first quarter and full year 2022 outlook. I’ll begin with key financial items, which are summarized on Page 17. We generated $494 million of cash from operations in the fourth quarter, bringing our total for the year to approximately $3.2 billion, our highest full year operating cash flow on record. As Devin mentioned, we’re returning over $2 billion to shareholders based on 2021 results, which includes $100 million of share repurchases. Fourth quarter share repurchase activity totaled $74 million at an average price of $37.60. This leaves us with approximately $926 million of the remaining capacity as of year-end 2021 under the $1 billion program we announced in the third quarter. We will continue to leverage our flexible cash return framework and look to repurchase shares opportunistically when we believe it will create shareholder value. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with approximately $1.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents, of which nearly $1.1 billion is earmarked for the supplemental dividend we announced this morning that will be paid in February. We ended the year with total gross debt of $5.1 billion. At the beginning of the fourth quarter, we repaid our $150 million 9% note at maturity, and we have no additional maturities until 2023. Fourth quarter results for our unallocated items are summarized on Page 16. Fourth quarter unallocated adjusted EBITDA decreased by $24 million compared to the third quarter. This decline was primarily attributable to higher than expected health care expenses, partially due to pandemic-related deferrals of non-essential medical treatment from 2020 into 2021. Key outlook items for the first quarter and full year 2022 are presented now on Pages 20 and 21. In our Timberlands business, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly higher than the fourth quarter. Beginning with our Western Timberlands operations, domestic log demand continues to be favorable as mills capitalize on strong lumber pricing. We anticipate this dynamic continuing for most of the first quarter. As a result, our average domestic sales realizations are expected to be significantly higher than the fourth quarter. As Devin discussed, we have substantially completed our salvage harvest operations in Oregon. In addition, we have made the seasonal transition to lower elevation and lower cost harvest operations. As a result, we expect our first quarter fee harvest volumes will be significantly higher than the fourth quarter with lower per unit log and haul costs and seasonally lower forestry and road costs. Moving to the export markets. In Japan log demand remains favorable, and we anticipate our first quarter sales realizations will be moderately higher than the fourth quarter with comparable sales volumes. In China, despite elevated log inventories at the ports demand for our logs is expected to remain favorable in the first quarter as imports of lumber and logs from other markets continued to be constrained. We expect our first quarter sales volumes to be comparable to the fourth quarter, partially offset by slightly lower sales realizations. In the South, despite log inventories near target levels, log demand continues to be strong as mills position to benefit from strong lumber and panel pricing and build inventory to avoid potential disruption from wet weather conditions that are typical in the first quarter. We anticipate comparable sales realizations and seasonally lower forestry and road costs. This is expected to be offset by slightly higher per unit log and haul costs and slightly lower fee harvest volumes due to seasonal wet weather patterns. In the North, sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower in the first quarter due to mix with slightly lower fee harvest volumes resulting from a seasonal reduction in harvest activity. Turning to our full year harvest plan. For the full year 2022, we expect total company fee harvest volume to increase to approximately 34.5 million tons. In the West, we anticipate our harvest volumes will be slightly higher than 2021 as salvage harvest operations in Oregon are substantially complete. We expect our Southern harvest volumes to increase moderately as we resume a more normalized level of activity following reduced harvest levels in 2021, resulting from persistent adverse weather conditions. Similar to 2021, we expect our Northern harvest volumes will be moderately lower year-over-year due to softening fiber markets in New England. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Demand for our real estate properties remained strong and we continue to expect a consistent flow of transactions with significant premiums to timber value. We expect full year 2022 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $300 million for the segment. Similar to 2021, we anticipate our real estate activity will be heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. Basis as a percentage of real estate sales is expected to be approximately 35% to 45% for the year. First quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to be slightly higher than the first quarter of 2021 due to an increase in real estate acres sold. For our Wood Product segment demand remains favourable supported by strong new residential home building and repair and remodel activity. As Devin mentioned, channel inventory started the year in a lean position and supply continues to be constrained by persistent transportation, supply chain and COVID related labor challenges. This dynamic is expected to continue for most of the first quarter and has driven lumber and OSB benchmark pricing to unseasonably high levels quarter-to-date. Excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the fourth quarter. For lumber, we expect improved production volumes and unit manufacturing costs in the first quarter with slightly lower sales volumes resulting from ongoing transportation disruptions. Log costs are expected to be moderately higher than the fourth quarter, primarily for Western logs. For oriented strand board, we anticipate improve production volumes in the first quarter, driven by less planned maintenance and modestly higher sales volumes. We expect this will be partially offset by moderately higher fiber costs. As shown on Page 23, our current and quarter-to-date sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board are both significantly higher than the fourth quarter average. For engineered wood products, we expect comparable sales realizations to the fourth quarter and sales and production volumes will be higher resulting from less planned maintenance in the first quarter. For our distribution business, we are expecting lower adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter due to moderately lower sales volume. So I’ll wrap up with some additional full year outlook items highlighted on Page 21. Our full year 2021 interest expense was $313 million. Due to the additional debt reduction during 2021, we anticipate interest expense will be $305 million for the full year 2022. Turning to taxes. Our full year 2021 effective tax rate was 21.5% excluding special items driven by the higher percentage of total income coming from our taxable REIT subsidiary. For first and full year 2022, we expect our effective tax rate will be between 19% and 23% before special items and based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. For cash taxes, we paid a net $609 million for full year 2021, which included a $95 million tax refund received in the fourth quarter, which was associated with our 2018 voluntary pension contribution. Excluding this tax refund, our cash taxes were in line with our tax expense. Our 2021 cash taxes were slightly higher than our prior guidance due to the timing of Canadian tax payments. We expect our 2022 cash taxes will be comparable to our overall tax expense. For pension and post-employment plans, the year end 2021 funded status improved by nearly $500 million as a result of favorable asset returns and higher discount rates compared to year end 2020. Discount rates increased by approximately 40 basis points for the U.S. plans and approximately 60 basis points for the Canadian plans. Our non-cash, non-operating pension and post-employment expense was $19 million in 2021. We expect to record approximately $60 million of expense in 2022. Cash paid for pension and post-employment plans in 2021 was $59 million. In 2022, we do not anticipate any cash contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan and our required cash payments for all other plans will be approximately $30 million. Turning now to capital expenditures. Our full year 2021 capital expenditures totalled $441 million, which was slightly below our guidance due to supply chain and contract labor constraints experienced during the fourth quarter. We expect total capital expenditures for 2022 will be approximately $440 million, which includes $110 million for Timberlands, inclusive of reforestation costs, $320 million for wood products and $10 million for planned corporate IT system investments. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Great. Thanks, Nancy. Before wrapping up this morning, I’ll make a few comments on the housing and repair and remodel markets. U.S. housing activity continued at a strong pace in the fourth quarter. The total housing starts averaging more than 1.6 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis. And total permits averaging more than 1.7 million units. For the full year, total housing starts were nearly 1.6 million units representing a 16% increase over 2020 and the highest annual level since 2006. These increased levels of housing activity are notable considering the persistent supply chain and labor challenges that home builders faced in 2021. Notwithstanding the recent uptick in mortgage rates and ongoing affordability concerns, both our near-term and longer-term housing outlook remain optimistic and is supported by encouraging housing demand fundamentals, including favorable demographics, a decade of underbuilding and historically low inventory for new and existing homes. Turning now to repair and remodel activity, which strengthened in the fourth quarter. Demand continued to be strong bolstered by large professional R&R projects, which remained healthy for most of 2021 and a resurgence of smaller do-it-yourself activity following a period of temporary weakness in the summer months. As we entered 2022, our out outlook for repair and remodel activity continues to be positive with demand supported by an aging housing stock, rising home equity and healthy household balance sheets. In closing, our 2021 financial performance was among the best in our company’s history, and I’m incredibly proud of our employees and their efforts to achieve these outstanding results. Additionally in 2021, we continued to drive improvements across each of the value levers of our investment thesis. We made great progress on upgrading our portfolio, improving our operating performance, building on our ESG leadership and demonstrating a commitment to disciplined capital allocation. Looking forward, we’ve announced a series of multi-year targets that will drive additional growth and deliver superior value for our shareholders. With our unmatched portfolio of assets, industry-leading performance, strong balance sheet and supportive macro tailwinds, we’re well positioned to capitalize unfavorable demand fundamentals generate strong cash flows, grow our company and return significant amounts of cash to shareholders. And now I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for the details and congratulations on the year. Congratulations on everything that you’re doing with OpEx, it’s amazing what the company has done over the last number of years on that front.
Devin Stockfish: We appreciate it.
George Staphos: So quick questions. First, in the South, could you give us a bit more color in terms of the outlook for timber this year and what you’re seeing in the first quarter? I would have expected maybe a bit more positive outlook for 1Q, given obviously where lumber prices are, what you’ve discussed in the past that wood capacity going into the market. Any thoughts there would be great. Second question, what is – what are you seeing in terms of the near supply? And how are you set up relative to engineered wood? And what are the sort of commercial opportunities you see in EWP for maybe further realization improvement over this year? And then I had one follow-up, time allowing.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, let’s start with the Southern markets. Just as we think back to what happened in 2021, obviously, we did see some pricing improvement for Southern logs. That’s both with respect to pulp logs and sawlogs. I think several drivers behind the pricing improvement that we’ve seen lately. First, obviously, on the supply side, some of that price improvement was driven by the persistent wet weather that we saw across many regions in the South. I think, certainly, that reduced the flow of logs to the system, tension the market to some extent. I think COVID, transportation, other supply chain issues had some effect on log availability as well which, I think, pushed up pricing a bit. But then on the demand side, we did have very strong wood products markets across the South and that supported healthy log demand. Mill certainly didn’t want to run out of logs and miss out the opportunity to capture the benefits of higher lumber and OSB prices. And then lastly, and you alluded to this, just the continued pace of new capacity coming online in the South, I think, certainly has helped tension the market in certain wood baskets. But in any event, demand was strong, pricing improved, and we certainly do anticipate that to continue to be the case in the first quarter. Really across the South inventory levels right now, I’d say range from normal to even a bit lean, depending on geography. Customers are going to want to protect inventory levels to make sure that they’re fully wooded to avoid out-of-log downtime in these stronger wood products markets. I do think we continue to see some challenges for logging and trucking availability in certain geographies. And so that can have some tensioning effect, particularly if we see additional weather. So look, for the balance of the year, we’re expecting solid demand for logs across the South, perhaps not as much pricing appreciation as we saw last year. Some of that, I think, was driven by weather. Certainly, there’s still plenty of regions where there’s excess inventory in the forest. But as we’ve been saying for a number of years, with each year that we have more capacity coming into the region, which we’ve certainly had plenty of that over the last several years, we continue to see that continuing into the future. That tensions things up wood basket by wood basket. So we’re optimistic about the trajectory in the South, and we think we’ll have a solid year this year in 2022. Moving to your second question around veneer supply, that’s certainly a challenge. That is one of the constraints for EWP production. That’s a Weyerhaeuser statement for sure, but I think it’s a broader industry statement. And that’s an area that we’re really focused on, both with our internal veneer supply. We have some veneer manufacturing within our EWP business. And certainly, as we partner to source veneer for our EWP products, I think that’s an area that we’re seeing very, very strong demand. Our order files are quite extended from an EWP standpoint. And so we’re doing everything we can to make sure that we’re meeting customer needs. In terms of the pricing environment, we obviously did raise prices a number of times for EWP products last year. As of now, we’ve substantially captured all of those price improvements. And so a strong environment in terms of the pricing for the remainder of the year, not in a position today to talk about any sort of price increases, we’ll continue to monitor the market in that respect. But overall, very strong market for EWP right now.
George Staphos: All right, Devin. Thanks for that. I’ll turn it over and if there’s time, I’ll come in the queue. Thanks, Devin. Thanks, Nancy.
Devin Stockfish: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: We’ve seen a fairly sharp jump in mortgage rates this month and maybe a view on the more hawkish Fed. And obviously, this is just a few weeks, but have you seen any impact to customer discussions or maybe even order patterns or activity? And then just maybe from a bigger picture perspective, is there anything you could say about how you’d expect the business to perform kind of longer-term in a rising rate environment, given timber obviously has a role as an inflation hedge, but you obviously have exposure to housing. Just kind of how you think about that and how it’s worked historically.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. No, that’s a great question. I think with respect to the rising interest rates, certainly, I think there is some angst among many about what rising mortgage rates are going to do to housing demand. And I think that’s a fair thing to give consideration to. I can tell you, as of today, we are not hearing any sort of change in tone from our homebuilder customers. I think from where we sit, and this is based both on our own internal view, but also the conversations that we have with folks, really across our customer universe, we’re still sitting at a place where we’re relatively low in terms of mortgage rates by any historical context. I think even if we assume that mortgage rates are going to go up over the next 12 to 24 months, which we do think that they will, we still have a ways to go, I think, between where we are today and where you’re going to see a material amount of demand drop off from a mortgage rate standpoint. And I think it’s also important just to remember the context of what we’ve got going on in the market right now, and we’ve talked about this before, but just the underbuilding that we’ve done in the U.S. over the last decade has left a real shortfall for housing. And we think about the demographic trends with millennials coming into the market, and you’ve certainly seen some data to support that. I think the price increases that we’ve seen, that’s largely a function of there just not being enough housing supply for the demand out there. And so from our standpoint, we’re certainly looking to a strong year of housing in 2022. Our customers, when we go out and talk to the homebuilders, they’re telling us that they’re expecting a good strong year. We’re certainly starting off from a good spot when you think about the homebuilder confidence levels, when you think about the home sales numbers that we just saw, the number of sold not yet started, there’s a big backlog there. So notwithstanding, obviously there can be some headwinds at times with housing, whether it’s product availability, labor demand or rising mortgage rates, but I think the demand levels out there is just very strong and should support, I think a strong homebuilding year in 2022. As we think about interest rates and inflation, there are puts and takes there. Obviously, as you see, inflation, that’s an issue that we have to deal with in our business, and we’re very focused on that. A big part of our OpEx program is trying to make sure that we’re very focused on cost. I think that will serve us well if we’re in an inflationary environment. But again, as you mentioned, historically, timber has been a pretty good inflation hedge. And so there are puts and takes there. I do think from an interest rate standpoint, how you value timber and discount rates, generally speaking people take a pretty long-term view. So we’re not seeing any sort of big impact from higher interest rates in terms of timber valuations. So notwithstanding that it does create some challenges here and there, on balance, I think we’ll manage it pretty well. And again, we’re looking forward to a strong 2020 even in a slightly higher inflationary environment and with interest rates rising somewhat.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Okay. That’s very helpful. And then just maybe a very quick follow-up on Timberlands. You talked about pausing, I think, Southern pine log exports to China given maybe some regulatory changes there. And you talked about that headwind potentially lifting. I was wondering if you could – is there any sort of time line? Or if you can talk about what causes that pause or that headwind to lift. And are there any sort of costs associated with that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Yes, sure. And so really, just it relates to a new rule that the Chinese government put into place. There was a nematode issue that was discovered on some exports into China, not Weyerhaeuser exports. But that was a new rule set they put in place. And it adds administrative burden, some additional costs around fumigation and channeling into different ports. And so it’s relatively new. At this point, it doesn’t make a lot of sense for us to continue to export in to China out of our Southern business in the near-term. Ultimately, our view is China needs fiber supply. The U.S. South is a wood basket that’s healthy and can support that over time, particularly as you think about the Russian log ban, the Australian log ban, some of the challenges over time I think with the European supply going down as they work through their beetle issue. I think net-net, China is going to need fiber supply. And so our hope is that as these rules kind of get figured out over time, some of those burdens in sourcing wood from pine regions into China will ease a little bit and we’ll resume our activity. But as I noted, in the meantime, we’ve got a very active program going on into India that we’re continuing to look to grow, Vietnam, Pakistan and Turkey. So we’re going to continue to look to grow our export business regardless of what happens in China. And we do think that, ultimately, we’ll be back in that market, and that will just be another increment to support our growth of the export program.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and congratulations on a great quarter and year.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you. Good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is just trying to get a little bit more details on the operational backdrop and the outlook as it relates to your forecast. Can you talk a little bit about supply chain and COVID-related disruptions that you are seeing or sort of expect that you could see in the near-term? And then does your outlook sort of assume any level of improvement related to some of those disruptions? And how should we be thinking about the labor force and your ability to sort of ramp up there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I'll start with what we saw in Q4 and what we're seeing so far in Q1 around transportation and COVID. Candidly, it's been a challenging environment. Starting with transportation, we've had some challenges as an industry with transportation as most other industries are also having challenges. Trucker availability is very, very tight, I'm sure you've heard about that numerous times. When we get into the winter months, particularly up in Canada, with some of the cold weather and weather events, the rail becomes pretty challenging. And so when you think about just the overall transportation infrastructure right now, it's pretty tight and it's pretty challenging. And so we've done, I think, a reasonably good job of navigating that, but it's nevertheless a tough situation to get product moved. I don't necessarily anticipate that getting dramatically better here in the very near-term. Now hopefully, as the weather improves and Omicron starts to trend down, maybe we'll get a little bit better. But transportation has been a challenge even before the last few quarters. I'd say on Omicron, we, like pretty much every other company, have been struggling through just keeping our mills and our operations staffed with the high levels of COVID outbreaks with Omicron. We haven't lost a significant number of shifts, but it certainly has impacted our operations. And in many respects, it's prevented us from running extra shifts where we otherwise might have done so. I do think we're either at or starting to come down off of the peak. As we look at daily quarantine levels, it does look like we're starting to see that break a little bit. So we're optimistic that over the next several weeks, we'll really start to get past this wave of COVID. And hopefully, that will ease things up a bit. I don't know on balance, as we think about the overall supply chain, other than Omicron getting better. Labor availability being tight, I don't see that really easing here in the near-term, hopefully as the year progresses, but certainly not in the first half. And I'd say similarly with transportation, I'm not sure we see that getting dramatically better in the first half of this year. We are hopeful that over time, as more people return to the workforce, that some of these will start to ease, but it doesn't feel like a first-half-of-the-year issue for us.
Susan Maklari: Yes. Okay. I hear you. That's helpful. And then my second question is kind of focusing a little bit more on the DIY and the consumer. As we think about the move up in commodity prices that we've seen sort of post Labor Day, can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about that market's ability to continue to absorb that level of inflation? Now when you go back to last summer, you think about the fact that, that was sort of the piece that really kind of drove the relative supply-demand dynamics and the impact of pricing that had. So as we do go into the spring here, can you talk a little bit about what you're hearing in terms of the home improvement retailers, inventories in that channel and the order rates that you're seeing there as we do go into the busier season?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Well, I'll start with the second half of your question and then get specifically to the DIY segment. In terms of what we are seeing today from repair and remodel, the pro segment has been strong, really across 2021, you didn't really see the dip like you saw in the DIY segment. And that's certainly the case as we head into Q1, we're seeing good takeaway, good demand from big box as well as just the R&R segment generally. And so feeling pretty good about where that is, particularly for this time of year. I think you asked a great question with respect to the DIY segment as you see pricing trend up. No question, I think last year, as we got into the summertime, and you saw $1,000 lumber prices were in the news every day, no question, that caused a pullback in the DIY segment. Now how much of that was just coming out of a COVID wave, where it was the first time people could go out and really go to concerts, movies, ball games as opposed to do repair and remodel, some of that's a little hard to tell. But I think certainly, just the level of press that we saw around high lumber prices probably caused some people to pause on those smaller do-it-yourself projects. Now whether we see that same demand impact now that we're back up in that range, we're not seeing it yet, but I think that's an open question whether you'll see a little bit of a tick down. Now the flip side of that may be people may ultimately become more accustomed to $1,000 lumber prices. I can tell you, just in terms of the level of press coverage that you're seeing from $1,000 lumber prices today versus last summer, it's a little less. So maybe people become a little bit more accustomed, but that's something we'll certainly be watching closely. But again, as we think about where we are in the year with pricing where they are, we've got long order files, inventories across the channel are moderate to lean for lumber, and I'd say pretty darn lean for OSB and EWP, heading into the building season, it does feel like it's a pretty good setup for market dynamics.
Susan Maklari: Okay, I appreciate all that color. Thank you and good luck.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you, Devin, congrats on a very good year. You just mentioned order files being long. Could you give us more specificity in terms of how long they are, in lumber and OSB for you?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. Well, thanks, Mark. So when we talk about lumber, that's bumping up against three-week order files, which for us is on the long end of where we typically would see those. On OSB, we're out three to five weeks, which again is pretty much on the outside of where we like that to be. You didn't ask about EWP, EWP is essentially on allocation through the second quarter. So pretty long order files for this time of year.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you. Question for you on demand on lumber, in particular, if we look – actually structural panels as well. If we look at industry data last year, it looked like apparent consumption for structural panel is up about 5%. If you look for lumber, I guess I've only seen it through October, but it was up 3.5% or so, quite a bit lower than what housing starts were up, which more in the order of 15%, a little less than that, single family, but close to it. Do you have a perspective as to what might be driving that variance, be it – is it reductions in inventory channel? Is it economizing on the use of lumber and/or OSB? Is it the fluctuations in repair, remodel? Or is it something else?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there's probably a little bit of all of that in there, Mark. But I also think, on some level, there are houses that are started, that have not been completed. And so there's probably a little bit of gap there that will catch up over time as well. If I had to say what I think the biggest driver is, I think that's probably it. But there's a little bit of the other items you mentioned as well.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly, kind of a similar type of question, and maybe it's trying to quantify the comments you were making on COVID and supply chain and how that's impacting production for you and also for the industry in general. I mean, interestingly enough, again, and maybe the data we get is not fully accurate, but it suggests that production of lumber in the U.S. South, actually it was only up like 1.6%, at least through the first 10 months of the year, which seems surprising given the level of demand and given the capacity. Do you think that there's – is there the capability for there to be a significant ramp in production? And obviously, that has implications for lumber markets, but also has implications potentially for your timber sales in the South. So any thoughts on that, please?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There's no question that COVID and supply chain disruptions impacted overall production in the South. We saw that. Obviously, we sell logs to a number of customers, and we saw that in terms of our customer base. We also saw that in our own operations just in terms of an inability to get people for extra shifts for a good portion of the year because we had people out with quarantine. But it also, I think, even goes beyond the mill, and it goes to some of the labor shortage issues that you have to staff mills, higher turnover levels, the ability to get trucks and transportation, even, I think, in some geographies, the ability to get logging contractors. And so all of those things together, I think is the reason why you saw that production volume increase being so minimal over the course of last year. I'm not sure I see anything that's going to be dramatically different here in the near-term, even as we get through Omicron, which will certainly help. There's a real challenge in finding labor, and that's across the system. It's not just our industry, but our industry is certainly affected, finding truck drivers, logging contractors finding employees to work in the mills, really across the supply chain. I think that makes it challenging to really dramatically ramp up that production.
Mark Weintraub: Great, I appreciate your insights.
Nancy Loewe: Mark, I'll just add that for the fourth quarter, to help quantify it, there was probably about a $25 million impact in the quarter from those COVID-related issues and supply chain disruptions.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. And that presumably includes Canada as well?
Devin Stockfish: Correct.
Nancy Loewe: Yes.
Mark Weintraub: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Good morning, Devin. Good morning, Nancy.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I wanted to just follow on Mark Weintraub's question. Do you think it's fair to say that approximately 60% to 65% of your first quarter shipment volume has been sold at this point? Just kind of taking what you said about the order book.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I don't have the specific percentage number right off the top of my head, Mark, so I don't want to misquote that, and we can certainly follow up. But there's no question, as we think about those extended order files, that's certainly pushing out a pretty healthy percentage of our Q1 volume that's been sold and not shipped.
Mark Wilde: Yes. Okay. And then to the question we were just talking about, the impact of COVID, and not only on just people being out, but on increased labor turnover, has that had a material effect, do you think, on just productivity across your operations?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There’s no question that’s had an impact. As you think about running a sawmill, running an OSB mill, as you have higher levels of turnover, that impacts just the expertise running the equipment. It impacts reliability. It impacts safety. All of the things that make you a top-notch producer, when you have higher levels of turnover with new folks, all of those things become more difficult. And so that’s been something that we’ve really been working on and making sure that we institutionalize a lot of the OpEx, innovation, reliability things so that we make it easier for people to get up to speed quicker. But it does have an impact, there’s no question.
Mark Wilde: Yes. And just more broadly, we did have some nice improvement in kind of Southern log prices in 2021. Do you think we’re beginning to see a sustained recovery in the region? Or do you view this as more cyclical than kind of a trend structural pickup in Southern log markets, particularly for sawlogs?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think if you think about the South as a whole, I do think some of it was driven by weather events, some of it was driven by the COVID labor, all those challenges. That had an impact, there’s no question. Now there also is, no question, there are certain geographies where you’re seeing that new capacity tensioning things up. So Arkansas, North Central Louisiana, North Carolina. I mean there are spots where we’ve seen the mills come in, ramp up to full production where you see a tighter wood basket. And so that’s also having an impact. We still have several billion board feet of new capacity that’s been announced, that’s not up and running yet. And I think we’ll continue to see, as those new mills come in, get up and running, get to full production that will continue to have an upward impact on pricing. But the question is, do we think that we’ve hit the point now where Southern sawlog recovery across the South has happened. I’m not sure that’s going to be the case. But we do think that we’re on the right path that we’ll continue to see improvements, albeit slower in some areas than others. But the trajectory is right. But I do want to – I don’t want to leave anyone with the impression that 2021 was all just new capacity. Some of that was weather. Some of it was supply chain disruption.
Mark Wilde: Yes. All right. I think that’s fair. And finally, can you just give us any color on the perspective solar project in the South, whether this is a land sale or this is a long-term lease, which it sounds like is more common in other people’s discussions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So if you’re referring to the Apex deal that we just announced, that’s really the relationship that is going to cover a number of different potential projects over the time. And it’s a continuation of an existing relationship. So we’ve done other work with Apex. Now assuming that all of the projects that we’ve got under this agreement move from the exploration stage to final development, the number of acres is going to vary depending on project, physical characteristics. But we would retain the fee ownership. You would get milestone payments as the projects move through various stages of development. And then once it’s operational, you’d have an annual lease payment for each acre in the footprint. So again, we keep the fee, we have the timber economics and then we get paid on lease payment over time.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. Sounds good. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question, please.
Paul Quinn: Yes, thanks very much. Good morning. Yes, I note, as others have that lumber production was up less than 1% in 2021. Just wondering if we’re still on track for a 5% gain in 2022 as per your Investor Day. And then on that CapEx budget of $320 million in Wood Products, besides the Holden Louisiana project, any other major CapEx projects on the lumber side?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So with respect to your first question, yes, we’re still on track for the 5% a year. Year-to-year, that may vary by a little bit, but that is the trajectory, still on track for that, feeling good about the momentum we’ve got within our CapEx and our organic growth programs. In terms of the big projects, really, Holden, obviously, big project, it’s on track. The rest of it is really just a series of capital projects, nothing of the Holden magnitude. But each of our mills, as we’ve said before, has a multi-year road map. And so it’s debottlenecking, it’s driving improved reliability and it really cuts across all of the different machine centers, merchandisers, sorter stackers, planers, CDKs. Really each mill has capital projects that really just take away the constraints to let us grow volume. So nothing big to call out other than Holden. Largely, these are all projects that are being replicated, that we’ve already done in some other mill, which is why we have such a high level of confidence in the organic growth story.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then just on the OSB side, shipments were down 8.5% in 2021 here. So I just wondered if 2022 we can expect to get closer to the 3 billion square foot capacity.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, that’s a safe assumption.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then just maybe just squeaking the last one. Just on capacity, as in 2022 overall industry, it’s looking like about $2.75 billion word fee, which is about 4%. What kind of pricing impact? Or do you think that’s really going to impact the market in this year?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Just a couple of observations I’d offer there. First of all, there’s a lot of announced capacity that we have coming on over the next few years. We certainly think people are going to continue to invest in the U.S. South. It’s a great place to make lumber. But that being said, a few things to keep in mind. Number one, and we’ve certainly seen this to some extent, the time line for some of those projects may get extended. To the extent you’re not already in the queue for equipment, we’ve seen the time line for getting equipment pushed out a bit, the labor to install some of this equipment pushed out a bit. So not clear to me all of that actually will come to fruition in 2021. The other thing I would say, over a multi-year period, to keep in mind, I know you’re all very well familiar with this, some of that new capacity that’s coming in, in the South is going to ultimately be offset by capacity coming out of other regions, British Columbia, in particular. And so net-net across North America, I’m not sure all of that is going to really come to pass in 2022. But even if it does, as we think about – and our view is we are going to see year-over-year growth in residential construction, we think we’re going to see maybe low single-digit growth in repair and remodel. So the market as a whole, we feel pretty good about the demand signal. So even as we do see some of that new capacity being added on, we’re going to need that really to keep overall the North American market in balance. So I think the capacity that we see coming online shouldn’t have a material impact overall other than just to keep things balanced.
Paul Quinn: Thanks, Devin. Best of luck.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: Great, thanks. And good morning, everyone. Just wanted to start off on Western log realizations, is there any way to maybe bucket how much of the kind of price improvement that’s anticipated in Q1 is kind of underlying price improvement versus maybe some mix benefits as you move fully past the salvage harvest?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, just a quick – a couple of comments on Western markets. Generally, we have seen really strong demand in the Western system. That’s a comment both on domestic demand as well as export demand. Sitting here end of January, I’d say log inventories are generally at or slightly below normal levels. And so we’re feeling pretty good about the dynamic that we’ve got going on in the West. Most of the realization improvement, there’s a little bit of mix, but most of it is really just driven off strong levels of demand and balancing that against the available supply. And as you think about, just to kind of dimension that for you, as you think about the quarter-over-quarter EBITDA guidance, we talked about being up significantly, most of that is in the West. And we’re thinking probably in that $30 million to $40 million range in terms of kind of how that should look in the first quarter. So really setting up to have a strong quarter in the West.
Kurt Yinger: All right. All right. That’s helpful. And then just my second on Timberlands M&A, I mean, it seems like there’s been a nice general uplift in deal activity. But curious what you’re seeing in terms of return profiles relative to your own kind of near-term cash yield targets?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there’s no question there has been an uptick in activity on Timberlands M&A. I think last year, we probably came in somewhere in the $3.5 billion range in terms of total transactions. That’s our estimate for where we’re going to come in again as an industry in 2022. So definitely a pickup. I think the big differences that we’ve noticed is people are being a little bit more aggressive with their underwriting and discount rates for, I would call it, maybe more challenged properties. The underwriting for the high-quality properties, that’s always been competitive. That never really changed and that continues today. So for us, as we think about our return profiles, you got to be disciplined. For us, as we think about it, when we look at deals, and we look at a lot of deals, we bid on a smaller number, just making sure that we think it’s going to meet our return profile. We do have some advantages. I think some of the analytics tools that Russell and his team are developing are helpful in that respect. The scale, the operational synergies, some of the other things that we can bring to the table, as we mentioned on our Investor Day, can help us boost our returns maybe a little bit more. But again, it’s always been a competitive market for high-quality property and we anticipate that remaining the case. And so you just have to be very smart about how you do timberland deals.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay. Well, appreciate the color and good luck here in the New Year.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Terrific. Well, I think that was our final question. So just want to thank everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are on listen-only mode. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer [Operator instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host for today's call. Andy Taylor, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Taylor (ph), you may begin.
Andy Taylor: Thank you Rob (ph). Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser 's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking will be made during this conference call.  We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning of Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer, and Nancy Loewe, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish : Great. Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported Third Quarter GAAP earnings of $482 million or $0.64 per diluted share on net sales of $2.3 billion. Excluding a special item with a net after-tax benefit of $32 million, we earned $450 million or $0.60 per diluted share. In the Third Quarter, we delivered strong results across each of our businesses. Despite weather-related disruptions, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and continued supply chain challenges.  Our teams did an exceptional job navigating these headwinds, and I'm incredibly proud of their collective efforts and focus on safely operating our businesses and continuing to serve our customers truly. Great execution across the entire supply chain in a difficult environment, which has resulted in record earnings in cash flow in 2021. Year-to-date we've generated more than $3.4 billion of adjusted EBITDA and $2.4 billion of adjusted funds available for distribution. Turning now to our third quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands on pages 6 through 9 of our earning slides.  Timberlands earnings increased by $20 million in the quarter, which included a $32 million gain on the previously announced sale of our North Cascades Timberland. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $15 million dollars compared to the second quarter. In the West, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $13 million compared to the second quarter. Western domestic log markets started the quarter in a favorable position despite weakening lumber prices and ample log supply. Demand remain elevated as mills continue to bolster log inventories during the peak of wildfire season. But we can somewhat in September as a number of producers experienced COVID-related disruptions and finish lever inventories increased above normal levels.  Despite these headwinds, our Third Quarter domestic sales realizations were comparable to the Second Quarter, driven by strong domestic log prices in July and August. Salvage operations resulting from the 2020 Oregon wildfires, continued in the Third Quarter. The teams have done an outstanding job in managing these salvage efforts over the last year. To date, we've completed approximately 80% of our planned salvage harvest and expect to conclude most of this work by year-end. As expected, during the warmer and drier months in the summer, we transitioned to higher-elevation and higher-cost operations.  Additionally, although we experienced very minimal wildfire damage to our timberlands, active fires and dry conditions across the region resulted in restrictions on our harvest activity in the quarter, particularly in Oregon. As a result, our fee harvest and domestic sales volumes were modestly lower in the third quarter, and per unit log and haul costs were higher. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs remains strong in the third quarter. Lumber imports from Europe into Japan continue to be restricted by the ongoing shortage of global shipping containers.  This dynamic is driving increased market share for our customers, and robust demand for our logs. As a result, our Japanese log sales realizations increased moderately compared to the second quarter, and sales volumes were comparable. In China, demand for our logs remained favorable in the quarter, despite seasonally lower consumption, COVID impacts to construction activity and other supply chain disruptions. Imports of lumber and log into China continue to be constrained by global shipping container availability, as well as, the ban on Australian logs. As a result, sales realizations for our China export logs increased moderately compared to the Second Quarter. But we're more than offset by higher ocean freight rates.  Sales volumes to China were comparable to the Second Quarter. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands adjusted EBITDA was comparable to the Second Quarter. Southern sawlog and fiber markets continued to strengthen as log supply was constrained and mill inventories remain lean, resulting from ongoing wet conditions and significant weather events. As a result, our sales realizations were slightly higher than the second quarter. Fee harvest and sales volumes increased slightly in the third quarter, but fell below our planned activity level as a result of persistent wet weather, and operational disruptions from Hurricane Ida.  Per unit log and haul cost increased slightly in the quarter, as did forestry and road cost. On the export side, we continue to see growing demand for our southern logs. Our export log pricing increased substantially in the third quarter, but volumes were lower than second quarter as we continue to face challenges associated with container availability and increased freight rates. In the North, adjusted EBITDA decreased slightly compared to the second quarter. Sales volumes were significantly higher coming out of spring break-up conditions though sales realizations were lower due to mix. Turning to real estate, energy, and natural resources on pages 10 and 11. Real Estate ENR contributed $45 million to third quarter earnings and $60 million to adjusted EBITDA.  Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $31 million lower than the second quarter due to timing of transactions, but comparable to the year-ago quarter. Similar to last year, our 2021 real estate sales activity has been heavily weighted toward the first half of the year. Third Quarter earnings more than doubled compared to the Third Quarter of 2020 due to the mix of property sold. We continue to capitalize on strong demand for HBU properties, resulting in high-value transactions with significant premiums to timber value. Moving to Wood Products, pages 12 through 14. Wood Products earnings and adjusted EBITDA decreased by approximately 60% compared to the prior quarter as lumber and OSB pricing declined substantially from record levels earlier in the year before stabilizing later in the quarter.  Additionally, weather events in the U.S. South, including Hurricane Ida, resulted in temporary downtime, and loss production in our lumber business. And together with COVID related staffing disruptions, further exacerbated transportation challenges in the region. Despite these headwinds, our teams performed well and delivered strong results. Our EWP business established a new quarterly EBITDA record in the third quarter, and the overall Wood Products segment has achieved year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of more than $2.8 billion. Lumber markets began the third quarter with elevated home center and treater inventory levels due to softening do-it-yourself repair and remodel activity.  As a result, pricing continued its downward trajectory in July and for much of August. The market began to strengthen later in the quarter as home centers and treaters worked through excess inventories and consumer spending shifted back to do-it-yourself repair and remodel activity after Labor Day. When combined with solid demand from new home construction and professional repair and remodel activity, each of which remained healthy throughout the Third Quarter. These dynamics cause pricing to stabilize in late August and increased gradually through September. Adjusted EBITDA for our lumber business, decreased $686 million compared to the Second Quarter.  Our sales realizations decreased by 52% in the Third Quarter, while the framing lumber composite pricing decreased by 61%. Our sales volumes increased moderately in the Third Quarter, and log costs increased slightly, primarily for Canadian logs. The OSB market, we can significantly at the outset of the third quarter with the softening of do-it-yourself repair and remodel activity. This dynamic drove lower sales activity, and higher inventories at the home centers. As a result, we experienced a rapid decline in pricing from the peak record prices that we reached in July. Pricing then stabilized above the historical average in August as demand from strong new home construction activity continued, and the market faced supply constraints resulting from ongoing [Indiscernible] availability and transportation challenges.  This dynamic, along with late quarter improvement in do-it-yourself repair and remodel demand, drove prices gradually higher through September. Adjusted EBITDA for our OSB business decreased by $128 million compared to the second quarter. Our sales realizations decreased by 24% in the third quarter, while the OSB composite pricing decreased by 43%. This relative out-performance was largely a result of our higher percentage of premium OSB products. Our sales and production volumes improved modestly in the third quarter due to less downtime for planned maintenance. Unit manufacturing costs increased slightly primarily for resin costs. Engineered Wood Products adjusted EBITDA increased $23 million compared to the second quarter.  A 43% improvement. Sales realizations improved significantly across most products, and we continue to benefit from previously announced price increases for solid section and I-joist products. This was partially offset by a higher raw material cost for OSB web stock, resin, and veneer. Sales and production volumes were moderately lower for most products as a result of planned annual maintenance during the quarter. In distribution, adjusted EBITDA decreased by $53 million compared to the second quarter. Despite lower sales volumes for most products, and significantly lower margins resulting from the commodity price correction, our teams did a great job navigating these challenges and delivered $22 million of adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Nancy to discuss some financial items in our fourth quarter outlook.
Nancy Loewe : Thank you, Devin. and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with our key financial items which are summarized on Page 16. We generated $659 million of cash from operations in the Third Quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to nearly $2.7 billion, our highest year-to-date operating cash flows on record. Adjusted funds available for distribution or adjusted FAD, for year-to-date Third Quarter 2021 totaled over $2.4 billion as highlighted on page 17. Year-to-date, we have returned $382 million to our shareholders through the payment of our quarterly based dividend, and we will supplement the base dividend each year with an additional return of cash to achieve the targeted 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD.  For this year, we intend to achieve this entirely through a variable supplemental cash dividend. Though in future years, we may also utilize opportunistic share repurchase for a portion of this cash return. The supplemental dividend will normally be paid in the first quarter of each year based on prior year cash flow. However, as a result of the record year-to-date performance, we accelerated a portion of the supplemental dividend by returning $375 million to our shareholders through our previously announced $0.50 per share interim supplemental dividend earlier this month. We look forward to returning the remaining portion of the supplemental dividend with a significant payment in first quarter 2022.  During the third quarter, we also returned $26 million to shareholders through share repurchases. Further, as previously announced, we authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program. And as always, we'll look to repurchase shares opportunistically under circumstances when we believe it will create shareholder value. Turning to the Balance Sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion of cash and just under $5.3 billion of debt. Subsequent to quarter-end, we repaid our $150 million, or 9% note at maturity, which brings our debt balance to $5.1 billion. After this repayment, we have no additional maturities until 2023. Looking forward, key outlook items for the fourth quarter are presented on Page 18.  In our Timberlands business, we expect fourth quarter earnings, and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the third quarter. Turning to our Western Timberland operations, although domestic log inventories ended the third quarter higher-than-normal, takeaway of finished lumber and log demand have improved following a brief pullback in September. We anticipate this dynamic continuing for most of the fourth quarter. As result, we expect our domestic sales realizations to improve from the lower levels experienced in September. For the fourth quarter, we anticipate our average domestic sales realizations to be moderately lower than the elevated third quarter levels.  As Devin discussed, we have made great progress within our salvage operations in Oregon and expect our salvage volumes to decrease in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect fourth quarter fee harvest volumes to be moderately higher with lower per-unit log and haul costs. Moving to the export markets, in Japan, log demand remains favorable. We anticipate our fourth quarter sales realizations to be comparable to the elevated third quarter levels, partially offset by moderately lower sales volumes due to the timing of vessels. In China, despite elevated log inventories at the port, demand for our logs is expected to remain favorable as construction activity increases seasonally, and imports of lumber and logs continue to be constrained from other countries.  We expect our Fourth Quarter sales volumes to be higher than the Third Quarter, partially offset by slightly lower sales realizations. Elevated freight costs and labor to load ships continue to be headwinds. In the South, weather conditions improved at the outside of the Fourth Quarter, as a result, we anticipate slightly higher fee harvest volumes compared to the Third Quarter. Log demand continues to be favorable as mills work to bolster lean inventories, resulting from persistent wet conditions and reduced log supply.  As a result, we anticipate slightly higher sales realizations during the fourth quarter. We expect this will be offset by slightly higher per-unit log and haul cost, as well as a moderately higher forestry and road costs as a portion of our planned activities in the third quarter were deferred due to weather disruptions. As a result of persistent wet conditions in 2021 and significant weather events in the third quarter, we now expect full-year Southern fee harvest volumes to be comparable to 2020. In the North, sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower due to mix and fee harvest volumes are also expected to be slightly lower compared to the third quarter.  Turning to our real estate energy and natural resources segment, fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly lower than third quarter due to timing of transactions. We continue to predict full-year 2021-line adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $290 million and we now expect basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be approximately 25 to 30% for the full year. For our Wood Products segment, new residential construction activity remains strong and demand from the repair and remodel segment continues to strengthen following the improvement in do-it-yourself activity in September.  This dynamic continues for most of the quarter before weakening seasonally into winter. Excluding the effective changes in average sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board, we expect fourth-quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be higher than the third quarter. For lumber, production volumes are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. However, our sales volumes are expected to be modestly lower, resulting from the inventory draw down we experienced in the third quarter. We anticipate this will be offset by slightly lower log cost and improved unit manufacturing cost. As shown on Page 19, our current and quarter-to-date realizations for lumber are slightly higher than third quarter average.  For oriented strand board, we anticipate moderately higher sales volumes and improved unit manufacturing cost, primarily due to less downtime for planned maintenance during the fourth quarter. We expect this will be partially offset by moderately higher fiber cost. As shown on Page 19, our current and quarter-to-date realizations for oriented strand board are significantly lower than the third quarter average, but still elevated compared to historical standards. For Engineered Wood Products, we expect sales realizations for solid section and I-Joist products will be comparable while realizations for plywood will be lower.  We anticipate this will be more than offset by significantly lower raw material costs, primarily for OSB web stock. For our distribution business, we are expecting higher adjusted EBITDA in the fourth quarter, primarily due to improved quantity margins partially offset by seasonally lower sales volumes. I'll wrap up with a couple additional items or comments on our total Company financial items. We now anticipate our full-year outlook for capital expenditures to be slightly below our previous guidance of $460 million as a result of supply chain and contract labor constraints with $15 to $25 million potentially at risk. Turning to taxes, the $90 million tax refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution was approved during the Second Quarter.  However, we are still awaiting the refund. We expect to receive it by the end of Fourth Quarter 2021. Excluding this refund, we now anticipate our full-year cash taxes will be slightly lower than tax expense. Now, I'll turn the call back to Devin, and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish : Thanks, Nancy. Before wrapping up this morning, I will make a few comments on the housing and repair remodel markets. Notwithstanding a slight decrease from the prior quarter, U.S. housing activity remains strong in the Third Quarter, with total housing starts and permits averaging around 1.6 million units on a seasonally-adjusted basis. Although housing starts in 2021 continue at a strong pace, the cycle time between starts and completions has extended as home builders continue to experience supply chain and labor availability challenges. Despite these headwinds, our customers tell us they continue to expect strong demand for new home construction for the balance of 2021.  The latest new home sales number released earlier this week further reinforces our positive view on the current state of the housing market. With favorable long-term demand fundamentals, including a decade of under-building favorable demographics, we continue to have a bullish outlook on U.S. housing activity well into the future. Turning to repair and remodel, we've continued to see strength in large professional projects over the course of 2021 and expect that to continue for the balance of the year and into 2022. And while we did see some softening in the smaller do-it-yourself segment during the summer, demand has improved significantly coming out of Labor Day, and we've continued to see strong demand from the repair and remodel segment through October.  Overall, we continue to have a favorable long-term outlook for repair and remodel activity, supported by numerous demand drivers, including an aging housing stock, rising home equity, and low interest rates. Finally, we hope you had the opportunity to participate in our Virtual Investor Day on September 22nd, where we outlined a series of multiyear strategic growth targets, including growing our Timberlands portfolio, growing our new Natural Climate Solutions business, and organically growing our lumber business. We also announced several capital allocation actions and enhanced our ESG leadership by releasing our carbon record and announcing new greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Our strategy, as we outlined at Investor Day, is simple.  We intend to grow the value of our portfolio, improve our cash flows, build on our competitive advantage in the marketplace, and solidify Weyerhaeuser as a premier ESG investment opportunity. These actions will ensure that we drive superior returns for our investors, including returning meaningful amounts of cash to shareholders through our growing base dividend, a variable supplemental dividend, and opportunistic share repurchases. All while continuing to invest in our businesses and maintain an appropriate capital structure. We're excited about the future of Weyerhaeuser, and we're well-positioned to capitalize on strong macro trends driving continued growth and demand for our products and new opportunities for our businesses.  Before turning to questions, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize and thank Beth Baum for her leadership of our Investor Relations team over the last several years. We're greatly appreciative of Beth's contributions to our IR function and look forward to our next opportunity at the Company. With Beth's transition, Andy Taylor has assumed the lead role of our Investor Relations program. Andy joined Weyerhaeuser in October of last year, after an 18-year career in the energy industry, where he served a numerous leadership roles, including Investor Relations. He's been a great addition to the Weyerhaeuser team and we're really excited to have him taking on this new role. So now I would like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] One moment please, while we poll for questions. Our 1st question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Susan Maklari: Morning, everyone.
Devin Stockfish : Morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is around any color you can give us on inventories in the channel, given all the moves that we saw during the quarter in terms of pricing as well as the demand environment, how much do you think the industry worked through and where your inventory sitting and how does maybe that compare to the broader industry?
Devin Stockfish : Yeah. And Susan, I assume you're talking about Wood Products inventory?
Susan Maklari: Yes.
Devin Stockfish : Sure. Yes. So I think at present, is we think about inventories across the channel, I would categorize them, generally speaking, for lumber and OSB as anywhere from normal to perhaps a bit lean in certain areas, I think with respect to the treaters and to some extent the home improvement warehouses, they are more or less than normal inventory levels for this time of year. I think in some of the dealers, perhaps a little lean in spots. On EWP, really, that's pretty tight across the system, so I don't think there's a whole lot of inventory there. And that's generally the case for us as well. We're sort of normal to perhaps a little light in certain spots in terms of Wood Products.
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's helpful. And then as a follow up, obviously there's been a lot of puts and takes as it relates to the supply chain especially in the quarter. Can you just give us maybe a bit more color on any highlights areas where you're really seeing some headwinds there? And then also the implications as we think about resins and some of the inputs to things like OSB or some of your other products like EWP and any kind of read - throughs from there.
Devin Stockfish : Yeah, I'd say at a high level, there have been a lot of challenges from a supply chain standpoint and that really cuts across really all aspects of the supply chain. The big one that I think has been a challenge for everyone, has been on the transportation side, and that's trucking, particularly in the U.S. South. It's been a real challenge, that bleeds over into rail, in many instances, all the way to the export side and finding shipping containers. So really anything having to do with transportation is a real challenge right now.  As you think about other aspects of the supply chain, labor is a challenge in many spots. You read a lot about that, I think it's impacting pretty much every industry, ours is no different. So labor challenges, really to us, that's made us a little bit be more challenged in terms of running extra hours when we might otherwise have done so. So I think labor issues across the industry continue to be an issue. In terms of some of the inputs resin, it hasn't really impacted our operations to date, but certainly, there is a tightness in terms of resin availability and I think that's impacted the industry as a whole. The other one I would call out really is veneer, and that's been a challenge as well. So really, there are impacts across the entirety of the supply chain, and I think that's really why we're so pleased with the work our team has done in navigating some of those challenges and delivering the results that we were able to deliver in Q3.
Susan Maklari: Got you. Okay. Thank you. That's very helpful coloring, good luck.
Devin Stockfish : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos : Thanks very much. Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Devin Stockfish : Good morning, George.
George Staphos : And congratulations to Beth and Andy. Andy, looking forward to working with you in the future. So I guess the first question I had, when I look at wood, and lumber EBITDA in particular, obviously you took it on the chin from a pricing standpoint, and all you did a little bit better than the composites, but when I apply that to your volumes, actually EBITDA held up a little bit better than I would have expected. So what were you doing from a process and operations the cost standpoint, obviously, you've been working on this for the last number of years that helped the performance in the quarter. And that had a couple of follow - on.
Devin Stockfish : Yes, you really touched on it, George, and -- and the reality is the OpEx work that we've been doing for a long time has been a core part of our strategy. That's -- that's really true in any environment, but I think particularly in an environment where we are seeing inflationary pressures, that work is just absolutely
Devin Stockfish : critical, and so kudos to the teams for all the work they're doing to, again, manage through some of the supply chain challenges, really try to battle some of the inflationary pressures. And we're going to continue to do that. We didn't mention that on the script. But certainly we do plan to meet our $50 to $75 million OpEx target for the year, which I'll just say that's a -- that's a really high hurdle given the inflationary environment that we are seeing. So it really just goes back to operational expenses George. And really what we are doing on the up front to make sure that we are -- we are driving cost out wherever we can and delivering for our customers.
George Staphos : Devin, does that suggest you'll be at the upper end of that range or you don't really want to be that precise at this juncture on OpEx?
Devin Stockfish : Yeah, I wouldn't want to be any more precise than just to say that we were confident that we'll be within that range.
George Staphos : Okay. Understood. 2nd question for you and for Nancy. Obviously, we'll see what the fourth quarter brings, but so far it looks like your guidance is for performance that's at least as good as was the case in the third quarter, you gave us the guidance on CapEx for the year and not making adjustments for the tax refund, is it unfair to think of the potential special dividend in the first quarter, again, lots has to happen as being in the $1.70 range, or perhaps higher when we do the math, or how would you have us guardrail it if you will?
Nancy Loewe : Hi, George. This is Nancy. Adjusted FAD is cash from operations, less CapEx and significant non-recurring items. So we will actually adjust the tax credit for that. And we don't provide guidance on adjusted FAD or the supplemental dividend, and that's because our cash flow fluctuates, you know, with working capital changes and we can't predict the lumber and OSB prices. So we do provide the adjusted FAD each quarter as you saw, and you'll know that the payout is targeted at 75 to 80% of adjusted FAD and you will see that each quarter as we go here. And I think what we've shared today is that the remainder of the supplemental dividend than we've seen will be significant. That's about what we can say.
George Staphos : Nancy, and I appreciate that, but if we hold pricing constant and we'll leave other stuff to the side, would be fair to say that your operating cash flow should be at least as good in 4Q versus 3Q? Are there some other things that we should be remembering in terms of, I don't know, working capital, cash, taxes, etc.?
Nancy Loewe : Yeah. We'll just remember the CapEx as a significant amount of our fourth quarter and that's because our CapEx is
George Staphos : You're currently operating with cash flow and it's excluding CapEx there. So an operating cash flow?
Devin Stockfish : Yeah Yes, George, I mean, when you build it up, we're talking about comparable EBITDA from the Timberlands standpoint. It is going to be lower for the real estate. But again, up to the 290 that we guided to. And then on the Wood Products side, as we said, we're thinking [Indiscernible] lumber and OSB prices, which, obviously, we're not going to try to predict, it is going to be higher for the quarter so when you build those up, I think you're not wrong about the operating cash flow, although, like Nancy said, you have to build in CapEx when you're trying to calculate the FAD.
George Staphos : Of course. My last question I'll turn it over. I assume it's just the supply chain and the lack of other markets being able to hit Asia. But if you could give us a bit more common terms of why the southern log exports were strong in the quarter. Thanks, and good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish : Yeah sure. And that's primarily going into the China and India markets George, in terms of our Southern export. And it's really a combination of a few things. Number 1, particularly in China, there are some overall global supply chain issues, as you mentioned, shipping containers for European wood going into that market have been strained, there's also a ban on Australian logs. And so that's really opened up some opportunities for North American wood and we've really seen that demand spike up, and so that's true for China, but we've also seen the demand going into India. Coming up, we've started shipping into Pakistan, Turkey as well. And so we're just seeing good, strong global demand for logs, and from the Southern
George Staphos : yellow pine stand -- standpoint, we think there's a really good, strong market for us going out into the future, particularly when we can start resolving some of these logistical challenge with shipping availability and container availability.
Devin Stockfish : Thank you, Devin.
George Staphos : Yup. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question [Indiscernible]
Mark : [Indiscernible] larger than I would've expected, given what people have always told me about sort of how these price increases cadence, and I know you've got a lot of increases over the last year, but you know, my understanding was that those typically phase-in over a three or four quarter period.
Devin Stockfish : Yeah Mark. Well, you're absolutely right in terms of the timeline for how those pricing increases typically take place, it is over a multi-quarter period. I think the way to think about that though is that just given the dynamics of what's been going on in the market, both with respect to the OSB pricing and some of the other input costs like resin, veneer, etc., we've had a number of price increases over the last year, and so they just sort of have layered on top of each other. And generally speaking, that's the answer, is in this quarter, we saw several of those price increases really start to take hold.  We still have more coming in terms of the previously announced price increases. So Q4 and Q1 we'll see a little bit more. The only thing I would say on that front is, it's always dependent on particular regions and customers, and so we did see perhaps a little bit more in Q3 than you might otherwise think. But generally speaking, the answer is, it's just a number of price increases over the last year that have kind of layered on top of each other.
Mark : Okay. And the second question I have was just around southern log in timber pricing, because you're up a little bit, but not much. But in talking with people around the trade, it seems like there's a little more of a pickup going on than you're showing or the timber mart data you're showing, and I'm just curious, do you sell forward such that if we had a pickup in the markets that was starting to occur, it would take a while to be fully reflected in your numbers, because maybe you are selling forward three or four quarters?
Devin Stockfish : Yes. So certainly that's correct with respect to some of our volume that we sell in the South. So we sell through a variety of methods, including spot prices, which obviously those are reflected real-time. time. But we also do a lot of quarterly pricing which will reflect the prior quarter indexes. And so to the extent you see a run-up, there will be a lag in log pricing in the South.
Mark : Okay. And then finally, on this Southern log export business. Is there any case over the next, I don't know, 2 years, 3 years, we should actually put some dedicated freight in place? In the Pacific Northwest you've got dedicated boat ships for log export business, whereas I think in the South, we're basically stuffing logs in the shipping containers right now, which has to be higher cost.
Devin Stockfish : Yeah, Mark. Well, that's the goal. Ultimately, we'd like to build that program to the size where we can transfer that over from the container shipping up to break-bulk. So that's the goal. I think we're making some good progress. We were heading in that direction pre - tariffs a few years ago when we had the trade dispute with China. That set us back a little bit. That was a bit of a headwind there with the size of the tariffs on Southern yellow pine, but as those have come off, we've really been building that program back up. We do see the demand in China for Southern yellow pine growing. I think we will see some interesting dynamics here over the next few years.  1, with the export ban of logs from Russia, I think that will be an interesting dynamic to follow. And then 2, you know, we have seen elevated levels of European logs going into that market after the beetle infestation that we've seen there. Our view is that volume's peaking maybe over the next year or so and then should start to diminish over time. And again, I think that just opens up another opportunity for Southern yellow pine.
Mark : And if you go to break-bulk, Devin, can you give us an order of magnitude on what that does to shipping costs?
Devin Stockfish : Yeah. I think it'd be hard for me to give that to you right off the top of my head, Mark, we can certainly follow up. But there's no question it's better economics if you can go to break-bulk versus shipping container, and that's true in any market conditions, but particularly right now when you think of the inflationary pressures we've seen on containers, it would be even more so in today's environment. But no question about it, the economics are much better with break-bulk versus container.
Mark : Great. I will turn it over. Thanks, Devin.
Devin Stockfish : Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub : Thank you. Good morning. First --
Devin Stockfish : Morning.
Mark Weintraub : First wanted just to clarify a little bit, the answer to George 's question. Were you -- I thought I heard you saying, it sort of doesn't really make total sense to me, that cash from operations in the fourth quarter look like they're going to be higher than the third quarter? And I just wanted to clarify if that is what you were saying, because I guess if lumber and OSB prices stayed where they are today, would that be the case or would they probably be somewhat lower? I'm just a little confused by that exchange.
Devin Stockfish : Yes. So we were really just speaking to EBITDA absent the impact of lumber and OSB sales, which are pricing as you know which we don't try to forecast.
Mark Weintraub : Right. But you have provided an indication of where they are quarter-to-date and where they are currently, so if we were to just assume that type of pricing level, can you give us a sense or do you want to hold off from that?
Devin Stockfish : Well, but I think keep in mind right, so if we think about quarter-to-date lumber pricing, they're up just a little bit, but OSB pricing is still down quite a bit relative to Q3. So if you took today's pricing, then obviously it would be lower quarter-over-quarter.
Mark Weintraub : Okay. And that's what I thought, just wanted to clarify what was a misunderstanding. But I guess another thing though, on the OSB, we do -- you pointed out in the slide that there is a lag on the way that the pricing does show up, and so when you give that current number, is that reflective of what's in random length today or is that really reflective of what was in random lengths several week back -- several weeks back. So that -- we've already got this -- a built-in ramp up some amount in the coming few weeks?
Devin Stockfish : Yes, there's always going to be a lag when we talk about our realizations relative to random length, because the order files that we have and OSB that creates a lag effect. And particularly today where we're targeting at three-to-five-week order file, you're going to see a comparable lagging in terms of pricing relative to what's going on with random links, when we talk about our realizations.
Mark Weintraub : And then lastly, we've seen -- certainly noted your bullish comments that make a lot of sense to me on housing, et cetera, for next year and implications for the Wood Products business, as well as, your other businesses. What are you expecting for the balance in this quarter? Are we most likely going to see more normal seasonal patterns or do you think that there's enough of that underlying strength that it could play out counter-seasonally? Do you have a strong view or it's grayish at this point?
Devin Stockfish : Yeah. So I will tell you what we hear from our home builder customers which is, they're going to try to build as many homes as they can. So I think from the standpoint of the demand signal and what they're going to try to do, it's pedal to metal. Now, the caveats to that are really two-fold. One, that largely depends on whether they can manage through the supply chain issues that they've had. So whether they can get windows and doors and paint, etc., I can tell you from our conversations, that continues to be a struggle and there's no doubt that that's held back what we otherwise might have seen from a housing standpoint, so that issue is still out there, and I think will be, to some extent, a governor.  And the other big wildcard is just what goes on with weather. To the extent that you have mild weather, I think you're going to see probably as much homebuilding as you can possibly squeeze into Q4. if we start getting an early winter in the northern regions or you have a lot of rain or other weather events obviously that could impact it. But on balance, we're expecting a strong fourth quarter just given the level of demand that our customers are seeing in the market right now. And I think you can look at just the permitted not yet started number, you can look at the new home sales number that we just saw. There's just a lot of demand out there and the homebuilders are trying to meet that to the extent that they can get the products to do it and manage through the weather issues as we get deeper into the year.
Mark Weintraub : Thanks. Last one, quick, just clarification. I think you mentioned in the EWP business that you had higher OSB web costs in the third quarter, which I guess puzzle me a little bit given that OSB prices were lower in the third quarter than in the second quarter, so just wanted to understand that a bit more or maybe I missed something.
Devin Stockfish : Yeah, again, that just goes -- that just goes back to the lag. And when we talk about OSB sales to web -- when we talk about OSB cost for web stock Remember, that is almost exclusively coming from our own OSB business. And so that -- that rolls on, I think, a 12-week kind of rolling average pricing dynamics. So you see -- you see that lag a little bit, but that will show up in Q4.
Mark Weintraub : Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn : Yes. Thanks very much. Morning guys.
Paul Quinn : Just to [Indiscernible] on Wood Products. Lumber shipments to-date they are up only 1.5%, which is quite a bit lower than what you suggested up 5% on Investor Day. So just wondering how confident you are in getting that 5% over the next number of years for the year.
Devin Stockfish : I would say we are highly confident. We would -- frankly, we wouldn't have said it at Investor Day if we didn't have a high level of confidence in. as we think about how that's going to play out over the next several years. All of that is built up from individual mill level, 5-year capital road-maps, and so we have the projects identified. The vast majority of the projects that are going to make up that incremental production have already been completed at one mill or another. So it's -- we view it as relatively low-risk to continue to execute across these projects that we've by and large already done somewhere else. So that's the long answer. The short answer is we're highly confident in that number.
Paul Quinn : Okay. And then if I flip it over to OSB, you're down 8.7% year-to-date on shipments. Just wondering why that is?
Devin Stockfish : Yeah, it's really just a reflection of some planned maintenance that happens during the year. And so when you look year-over-year, mills will have different quarters, different parts of the year where they'll have planned annual maintenance, and so that's just a reflection of that.
Paul Quinn : Okay. And then just lastly, just that I hate to harp on, but I can't understand it. You've got record Wood Products pricing this year, but your share performance to-date is less than half your biggest reap year. So the question is why and how can you make up the difference?
Devin Stockfish : I guess what I would say to that Paul is first and foremost, we're always focused on driving value for our shareholders. And we do that in a number of ways. Managing our portfolio, we've done some transactions on the Timberlands side that we think have increased value. We have a focus on OpEx and I think that showed up in how we've driven industry-leading performance across our businesses. We've taken a number of actions of late to continue to work on the portfolio and improve our performance. We strengthened the Balance Sheet by paying down over a billion dollars of debt. I think our new base plus variable supplemental dividend structure is going to return significant amounts of cash over time.  And we've seen how that's played out this year with the interim supplemental we paid out in October, the sizable supplemental dividend we're going to pay out in Q1 2022. And so from my standpoint as we continue to execute on the long-term growth opportunities that we laid out in Investor Day and achieve those targets. There's no doubt in my mind that's going to make us a better and more valuable Company. And I think as we continue to grow the Company, improve our margins, return cash to shareholders, that value will ultimately be reflected in the stock price over time.
Paul Quinn : Alright. That's all I had. Best of luck.
Devin Stockfish : Alright, thank you.
Operator: Our final question is from Kurt Yinger with DA Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger : Great. Thanks and good morning, everyone.
Devin Stockfish : Morning.
Kurt Yinger : I just wanted to start off on the harvest side, in 18 and 19 you are in the ballpark of 38 million tons last year down to 33 million with some of the restrictions and it looks like you'll be around that same level this year. Could you just help us think about what a good baseline for the different regions is as we look ahead to 2022, and is there anything from a labor or supply chain perspective that you foresee being particularly challenging as you maybe look to ramp that up?
Devin Stockfish : Yes, sure. So without giving specific guidance on 2022 harvest levels, which we'll do when we report Q4 earnings. I will make a few comments by region and starting in the west. So as you think about the western harvest levels relative to history, a few things things to keep in mind. 1. When you think about the harvest levels and 2015 through 2018-time frame, to some extent that was impacted by the Longview timber acquisition that we did back in 2013. And as we said, that had some very mature timber that came along with that acquisition. So our harvest levels were a bit elevated for several years after that acquisition as we work that H-class down to a more normalized level.  So we always expected that to come down a bit over time. We had expected that start going back up, but obviously in 2020, we had a pretty significant fire season in Oregon. And so that impacted the harvest levels both in 2020, but also in 2021 as we worked through some of that salvage volume, but we would expect that to start going back up next year. In the South, we've had a few things going on last couple of years, obviously last year we did defer some harvest volume in the South due to some market conditions and COVID, etc. We had planned to have that going back up by 10% this year, year-over-year. There's just been a really wet year in the South.  A lot of weather events that has really reduced our ability to get out and move wood in some of those weather events. And so we're able to catch some of that up, but I do think to the point you just made one of the challenges that we have in fully catching that up is just some of the availability of contracting loggers and tracking availability. So I would say on the margins that's probably hindered a little bit our ability to ramp up to make up for some of that loss production in kind of the wetter months here. But again, we do expect that to start going back up next year, and we'll give more fulsome and clear guidance on harvest levels when we report for Q4.
Kurt Yinger : Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then, just on the lumber and OSB markets, as you look out over the next 12 to 18 months outside of new residential construction activity and repair and remodel demand levels, what are you thinking about in terms of key factors determining the direction of the markets?
Devin Stockfish : Yeah. You mentioned 2 of the big ones; what's going to happen with residential construction? What's going to happen from a repair and remodel standpoint? We're pretty bullish on both of those fronts. I think some other things that come into play, obviously, to the extent that we continue to see supply chain disruptions, that can impact the availability of wood into the market, which, obviously, can have an impact on pricing. Labor availability, I would put in that mix to the extent that the industry can't find enough labor to run the middle expo, that can have an impact on overall supply and that can impact the market.  I do think there are a few things that are also coming into play to some extent, one of which is depending on what happens with the infrastructure bill that I think could drive some incremental demand for wood, both from a lumber standpoint, plywood, OSB, etc. to the extent that that ultimately gets passed. And then just we do continue to see more and more momentum around wood-based building, tall buildings, mass timber CLT, etc. So that could be another tailwind as well. So overall, I think we have a pretty optimistic view of what things are going to look like in the Wood Products market over the next couple of years.
Kurt Yinger : Got it. Okay. Makes sense. And then just my last one on the southern log export business with tree costs and pricing where they are, how do the economics compare? I guess, to keeping those logs in the domestic market?
Devin Stockfish : Well, we've seen a pretty dramatic run-up in pricing on the export side. and even when you take into consideration the increased transportation costs to get those logs to market, it still represents a pretty decent premium over what we would get in the domestic market, so it's advantageous for us to move as much as we can into the export market.
Kurt Yinger : Got it. Okay. Well, I appreciate all the color, and good luck here in Q4.
Devin Stockfish : Terrific. Thanks. Well, I believe that was our final question, so thank you to everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser’s Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations and Enterprise Planning. Thank you, Ms. Baum. You may begin.
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2021 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Nancy Loewe, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin W. Stockfish: Thank you Beth. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter net earnings of $1 billion or $1.37 per diluted share on net sales of $3.1 billion. I'm extremely proud of our team's accomplishments in the second quarter. Their collective efforts delivered the company's strongest quarterly adjusted EBITDA on record at $1.6 billion, surpassing last quarter's record by 43%. Our year-to-date adjusted EBITDA is almost $2 billion higher than the first half of 2020. Wood products delivered another record quarter at $1.4 billion of adjusted EBITDA surpassing last quarter's record by 56%.  Turning now to our second quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with timberlands on Pages 5 through 8 of our earnings slides. Timberlands earnings and adjusted EBITDA improved by approximately 5% compared with the first quarter. In the West adjusted EBITDA increased slightly in the second quarter. Western domestic markets remained favorable despite the decline in lumber prices late in the quarter and a healthy supply of logs to the market. Demand remains strong as mills took precautionary measures to bolster log inventories in response to an early fire season resulting from persistent dry conditions and a period of extremely high temperatures. This steady demand pull drove our sales volumes modestly higher during the second quarter.  Salvage operations from last year's fires in Oregon are continuing to supply an abundance of smaller diameter logs to the market. Consequently, prices for smaller diameter logs in Oregon have experienced some downward pressure. As a result of this dynamic, our domestic sales realizations were slightly lower in the quarter. To date, we have harvested nearly two thirds of our planned salvage volume in Oregon. Salvage productivity has slowed somewhat as warm summer weather arrived early and we began to transition salvage harvest operations in the higher elevation tracks which generally have lower productivity and higher operating costs. Forestry and road costs were seasonally higher during the quarter as we do a significant amount of this work during the warmer summer months.  Turning to our export markets, in Japan and China demand for our logs remained strong and our sales realizations increased significantly. Global logistics constraints particularly with respect to shipping container availability and strong North American lumber prices continued to impact the availability of imported lumber into Japan and China. This has resulted in strong demand for locally produced lumber and increased demand for imported logs. Additionally, a ban on Australian log continues to reduce the supply of imported logs to China. Our China sales volumes increased in the quarter as we intentionally flexed volume from the domestic market to capitalize on strong demand signals in pricing from our Chinese customers.  Moving to the South, Southern timberlands adjusted EBITDA increased by approximately 10% compared with the first quarter. Southern saw log markets improved due to record lumber and panel pricing for most of the quarter and supply limitations resulting from persistent wet weather. Fiber markets also strengthened as mill inventories remained lean and wet conditions constrained supply. As a result, our sales realizations were slightly higher than the first quarter. Fee and sales volumes were significantly higher in the quarter despite impacts from multiple heavy rain events across the go [ph] South. The wet weather in the quarter did however limit our ability to catch up on delayed harvests from the first quarter snow and ice events. Log and haul costs increased slightly and forestry and road costs were seasonally higher. Although Southern export represents a small component of our operations, we continue to see strengthening demand signals from China and India resulting increases in both sales volumes and realizations in the second quarter. However, container availability and increased freight rates continued to be notable headwind. In the North adjusted EBITDA decreased slightly compared to the first quarter due to significantly lower sales volumes associated with seasonal spring break up conditions partially offset by significantly higher sales realizations.  Turning to real estate, energy, and natural resources on Pages 9 and 10. Earnings and adjusted EBITDA decreased by approximately 5% compared with the first quarter due to timing of real estate sales and mix of properties sold but we are significantly higher than the year ago quarter. Earnings increased by more than 230% compared with the second quarter of 2020. Demand for HBU properties has been very strong year-to-date and average price per acre remained elevated compared to historical levels. We continue to capitalize on this market and have been increasing our prices in many regions. This is resulting in a steady stream of high value transactions with significant premiums to timber. In energy and natural resources production of construction materials increased as demand remained strong during the quarter.  Wood products Pages 11 through 13. Wood products earnings and adjusted EBITDA improved by almost $0.5 billion compared with the prior quarter. Our lumber, OSB, and distribution businesses all established new quarterly adjusted EBITDA records in the second quarter. These exceptional results were delivered not withstanding ongoing challenges with transportation and resin availability in the quarter. I want to specifically call out and thank our supply chain and logistics teams for their tremendous work in helping us successfully navigate these headwinds.  In the lumber market average framing lumber composite pricing increased 29% compared with the first quarter. Lumber demand was strong during the first half of the quarter but began to soften as do it yourself repair and remodel activity weakened towards the latter part of May. The drop off in the do it yourself segment, largely a result of changing consumer spending habits coming out of COVID restrictions and to some extent record high lumber prices resulted in lower sales activity and higher inventories at the home centers and treaters. As a result, lumber prices peaked in late May and retreated at a rapid pace for the remainder of the quarter. Although inventories at home centers and treaters increased, inventory levels at dealers and distributors serving the home building and professional repair and remodel segments remain below normal at quarter end. Buyer positioning remains cautious with the reluctance to build meaningful inventory positions and dynamic pricing environment.  Adjusted EBITDA for lumber increased $291 million or 57% compared with the first quarter. Our sales realizations increased by 25% and sales volumes increased moderately. Log costs increased slightly in the second quarter, primarily for Canadian logs. OSB markets experienced historic strength in the second quarter as demand continued to outpace supply. Inventories remain lean throughout the channel and supply constraints persisted due to resin availability and transportation challenges. As a result, pricing continued to accelerate to record levels before peaking at the end of the quarter. Average OSB composite pricing increased 52% compared with the first quarter. OSB adjusted EBITDA increased by $172 million or 57% compared to the first quarter. Our sales realizations improved by 48%. Production and sales volumes decreased modestly and unit manufacturing costs increased primarily due to a planned extended maintenance outage to complete a capital project at our Elk and OSB mill. Fiber costs were slightly higher in the quarter, primarily for Canadian logs. Engineered wood products adjusted EBITDA increased $11 million compared to the first quarter, a 26% improvement. Sales realizations improved across all products, and we continue to benefit from the price increases announced over the last year for solid section and I-joist products. This was partially offset by higher raw material costs for oriented strand board webstock, resin, and veneer. Sales and production volumes increased for solid section and I-joist products. In distribution, adjusted EBITDA increased $36 million compared to the first quarter, a 92% improvement as strong demand drove higher sales volumes for most products, and the business captured improved margins. With that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy to discuss some financial items and our third quarter outlook.
Nancy S. Loewe: Thank you, Devin and good morning everyone. I'll begin with our key financial items, which are summarized on Page 15. We generated over $1.3 billion of cash from operations in the second quarter and over $2 billion year-to-date. These are our highest first half operating cash flows on record. Adjusted funds available for distribution or adjusted FAD for year-to-date second quarter 2021 totaled nearly $1.9 billion with approximately $1.2 billion related to second quarter operations as highlighted on Page 16. Year-to-date, we have returned $255 million to our shareholders through payment of our quarterly based dividend. As a reminder, we target a total return to shareholders of 75% to 80% of our annual adjusted FAD. From the case of 2021, the majority will be returned to the variable supplemental component of our new dividend framework.  Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $1.8 billion of cash and just under $5.3 billion of debt. During the second quarter we repaid our $225 million variable rate term loan due in 2026 and incurred no early extinguishment charges. We plan to repay $150 million 9% note when it matures in the fourth quarter. Looking forward, key outlook items for the third quarter and full year 2021 are presented on Pages 17 and 18. In our timberlands business we expect third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $25 million lower than second quarter.  Turning to our Western timberland operations, domestic mills ended the second quarter with ample inventory. We anticipate slightly lower domestic log sales realizations in the third quarter absent significant fire related disruptions. This is primarily due to modestly lower pricing for smaller diameter saw logs. We expect large log pricing will remain favorable due to limited supply and strong export demand. We anticipate seasonally, higher forestry and road spending as those activities accelerate with favorable weather condition. Typical of the drier warmer summer months, harvest activity will focus on higher elevation tracks where operations are less productive, resulting in slightly lower fee harvest volumes and higher per unit log and haul cost.  Moving to the export markets, in Japan log demand remained strong. We expect our third quarter sales realizations and log sales volumes to be generally comparable to the second quarter. In China, we anticipate significantly higher sales volumes and slightly higher sales realization. Although Chinese log demand generally moderates during the summer rainy season, we expect demand for U.S. logs will remain strong as imports from other countries remain constrained. In the South, we anticipate significantly higher fee harvest volume as well as higher per unit log and haul cost during the third quarter due to a seasonal increase in thinning activity. Although our saw log and fiber log pricing should be comparable to the second quarter, we expect average sales realizations will be slightly lower due to a higher percentage mix of fiber logs. We also expect seasonally higher forestry and road cost as most of this activity is completed during these drier summer months.  In the North, sales realizations are expected to be lower due to mix while fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly higher as we come out of the spring break up season. I'll wrap up the timberlands outlook with a comment on the sale of our North Cascades timberland, which was completed on July 7th. In the third quarter, we will record a cash inflow of $261 million and a gain of approximately $30 million related to this transaction. The gain will be reported as a special item within the timberland segment.  Turning to our real estate, energy, and natural resources segment, we expect third quarter adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the third quarter 2020, but earnings will be approximately $20 million higher than one year ago due to a lower average land basis on the mix of properties sold. As Devin mentioned, we continue to capitalize on exceptionally strong demand and pricing for HBU properties. In addition, we've seen strong year-to-date production of construction materials. As a result, we are increasing our guidance for full year 2021, adjusted EBITDA to $290 million. We now expect land bases as a percentage of real estate sales to be approximately 30% to 35% for the year.  For our wood product segment, third quarter benchmark pricing for lumber has significantly reduced from record levels, and benchmark pricing for oriented strand board has also recently declined. As a result, we are expecting adjusted EBITDA will be significantly lower in the third quarter. For lumber, our quarter-to-date realizations are approximately $425 lower and current realizations are approximately $535 lower than the second quarter average. For OSB, our current realizations are still significantly higher than the second quarter average due to the length of our order files. Our quarter-to-date OSB realizations are approximately $155 higher, and current realizations are approximately $125 higher than the second quarter average. As a reminder, for lumber every $10 change in realization is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB, every $10 change in realization is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis.  For lumber, as prices have retreated we expect higher sales volumes as inventories at home centers and treaters normalize and demand signals improve for do it yourself activity. We are also anticipating improved unit manufacturing costs during the quarter. We anticipate this would partially offset by slightly higher costs for Canadian and Western logs. For oriented strand board, we expect demand will remain favorable due to continued strength and new residential construction activity. We expect improved operating rates following the second quarter outage to complete the capital project at our Elk and OSB mill previously mentioned. With increased operating rates, we anticipate higher third quarter sales volumes and improved manufacturing costs. These improvements are expected to be partially offset by higher fiber cost.  For engineered wood products we expect higher sales realizations for our solid section and I-joist products as we continue to benefit from previously announced price increases. In May 2021, we announced another increase which ranges from 15% to 25% and will be captured over the next several quarters. We anticipate significantly higher raw material costs primarily for oriented strand board webstock as the cost of webstock lags benchmark OSB pricing by approximately one quarter. For our distribution business, we're expecting the recent declines in commodity pricing will result in reduced margins and significantly lower adjusted EBITDA. Business results are expected to remain strong compared to a historical perspective. I'll wrap up with a couple of additional comments on our total company financial items. For each year in the second quarter, we finalized prior year end estimates for pension assets and liabilities. As a result, we recorded $138 million improvement in our net funded status as well as a reduction in our non-cash, non-operating pension and post-employment expense. Slide 18 includes our current full year outlook for pension and post-employment items. It also shows a $40 million capital expenditure increase we announced back in June for some additional high return projects across our businesses.  Turning to taxes, we now expect our effective tax rate to be between 20% to 24% based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. The $90 million tax refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution has now been approved and we expect to receive the refund in the third quarter of 2021. So now I will turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Great, thanks Nancy. Before wrapping up this morning I'll make a few comments on the housing in repair and remodel markets. U.S. housing activity continues at an impressive pace with total housing starts in the second quarter averaging 1.6 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis and total permits averaging 1.7 million units. Single family starts in June reached their highest monthly level since May of 2007. Notwithstanding a slight pullback in the second quarter as home builders navigated supply chain disruptions, year-to-date momentum is strong and our customers continued to expect robust housing activity over the back half of the year. Our near-term and longer-term housing outlook remains very favorable and is bolstered by encouraging long-term housing demand fundamentals.  Turning to repair and remodel, although demand for small do it yourself projects has softened from the elevated levels established in the pandemic, demand for larger professional remodels remain healthy. Our long-term outlook for repair and remodel continues to be favorable supported by an aging housing stock, rising home equity, and low interest rates. In closing, we delivered our best financial performance on record in the second quarter and we're well positioned to capitalize on favorable demand fundamentals for U.S. housing. Looking forward, we remain focused on industry leading performance across our operations and are on track to deliver our 2021 OPEX target of $50 million to $75 million. Our balance sheet is extremely strong and with year-to-date adjusted FAD of nearly $1.9 billion, we expect to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders through the variable supplemental component of our new dividend framework.  And finally I'm pleased to announce that we will hold a Virtual Investor Day on September 22nd. Nancy, Russell, and I will give an update on our key longer-term strategic capital allocation and sustainability initiatives. Event details and registration instructions will be included in a press release later this morning. We're excited to share that update and we'll look forward to speaking with you all again in September. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Devin, can you talk a little more about kind of how you see the lumber market currently, I mean price declines seem to have moderated over the last week or so, you talked about inventories below historical levels, and I would think that prices are below cash costs for a decent chunk of your competitors, I'm not sure if you would agree with that? And specifically you talked about anticipating a pick-up in demand in 3Q. I am just wondering are you seeing that right now at the end of July or is that something that you anticipate to see in August or September, just wondering if you can give any more color there? 
Devin W. Stockfish: Absolutely. Well just a little bit of context and then we'll address the different pieces of the question. Obviously lumber and OSB pricing for that matter reached historically high levels this spring and that was really a function of housing, repair and remodel just being very strong through most of the spring into May. We've seen the pricing come off significantly here recently. Although I will mention pricing is still reasonably strong by historical measures. I'd say what's been going on of late is really primarily a function of the smaller do it yourself market. We've seen that over the past couple of months come down 15% to 20% in terms of our sales into that market in June and July relative to the spring. So that's caused a little bit of inventory to build up in the home improvement, Weyerhaeuser -- warehouse and treater segments, which, that's really been sort of the pricing pressure as the producers look to move that product that would have gone into those markets to other customers. In terms of how we're looking at the current situation and as we head into fall, I think the do it yourself market should be picking back up here. In fact, even just this week, we've seen a little bit of a pickup there in terms of sales activity into the home improvement warehouse and the treater. So, I think that's going to start picking up and we would expect that to accelerate.  As we get into the fall, you'll see cooler weather, you'll see kids going back to school, vacation season will be winding down. And frankly I think just the moderation in lumber prices. I suspect some of the downtick and the do it yourself was a little bit of sticker shot with the high lumber prices and all the press that that was getting. So, in terms of the pricing environment, we think first of all, wouldn't be surprised at all to have seen the lumber prices over-correct a little bit. We've seen that in the past when prices have come down. We're expecting that to settle into a range that is certainly higher than historical levels albeit probably not at the record levels that we saw earlier in the spring. A couple of comments just on inventory, I think it's differential depending on what part of the channel you're talking about. I think in the home improvement warehouse and treater segment, it's probably still a little bit elevated relative to normal, but when you look at the builder and the dealer portions, I think that's probably a little lower than normal as they really haven't wanted to build inventory in a dynamic pricing environment. I will say with respect to your question about cash costs, certainly I think in British Columbia with the increase in log prices and some of the other dynamics there, it's entirely possible that a segment of the BC manufacturers have gone below cash costs where pricing went. So we'll see how that develops. I do think overall probably the cost floor in North America has gone up a little bit because of that dynamic relative to history.  So again, we're expecting residential construction should remain strong. The pro segment of repair and remodel should stay strong and that do it yourself segment should start picking up here as we head into fall. So overall we're expecting pricing to settle into a new range that's still very strong pricing by any historical context.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just shifting gears, can you talk about the market for higher quality timberlands, I mean, we saw a pretty big transaction announced this morning, I think at an attractive price. It seems to be a lot of M&A just sort of accelerating across sectors. Can you talk about valuations you're seeing for high quality industrial timberlands, have they risen versus maybe 2019, is there any ESG premium that you're seeing creep in, and should we think about Weyerhaeuser as sort of a net buyer, net seller in this environment?
Devin W. Stockfish: Well, I think no doubt we're starting to see the activity pick up a little bit. It was a little slow I'd say for the first half of the year, but certainly we see that picking up. In terms of valuations, we've definitely seen a pickup in interest in quality timberland, and that's a statement both in the West and in the South. You can see that in some of the valuations of recently announced deals. I think there is a lot of interest in this space, the ESG piece, the carbon piece, I think that may be playing into it a little bit. But I do think certainly we're seeing those valuations tick up a bit. Certainly that's what we're seeing in the market. With respect to our activity, as we've always said, we are always looking to optimize and improve the quality of our timberlands to grow the value of our timber base, that's something we're doing day in, day out. And sometimes that's on the sell side, but that's also on the buy-side. You've seen us with Oregon and Alabama, a couple of transactions of late. So we're always looking, we look at every deal that comes through. I think we'll continue to be active in that space. Russell and his team are looking at deals, are having lots of conversations, but you've got to be disciplined. And so we'll remain disciplined and execute on deals that make good financial sense, and that are like value accretive for us. So, we expect to be active, we'll continue to look in terms of just growing and optimizing and improve on our timber base.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
George Staphos: Thanks very much. Hi Nancy, hi Devin, hi Beth. Hope you're doing well. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the quarter. The first question, I want to come back to something that Anthony had teed up. So, we've heard about dealers and distributors keeping their inventories low and something of a standoff, right, no one wants to order and then see just as that those sticks of lumber showing up for price to head lower yet as a dealer or distributor taking on the risk that prices and demand start to pick up on you and you're left with low inventories. What do you think will break that log jam, are you seeing any signs at all that the distributors and dealers are beginning to rebuild inventory or maybe not just because of where prices are going to be in this period of very, very low hand to mouth kind of ordering, which might not be the best thing for you, how do you see that shaking out?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, well you're exactly right. That's the dynamic that plays out in our markets day in day out and has for a very long time. When you have pricing that's in a falling environment, people are going to be very cautious about building inventories. And I think what really starts to bring people back into the market is one of two things; first, they get a sense that you've really started to bottom out in terms of what's going on in the pricing environment. You look at what's going on today. In fact, the print last night it showed that we saw the smallest downtick in pricing that we've seen in 10 or 11 weeks. I think because of the fires in British Columbia, there's some other dynamics that are going on that perhaps are starting to give people the feel that we've reached a floor and things will start normalizing upwards. That usually gives people some confidence to start building inventory. The second thing is, it's always a matter of if you're in that space, you have to make sure that you're supplying your customers. And so, to the extent that you feel like there's any risk whatsoever, that you're going to have enough inventory to meet your customer demands, then people will have to come in. I say, with the fire situation, with some of the transportation challenges, what we're hearing from the builder customers in terms of their outlook for the back half of the year, it's a careful dance for them to make sure that they don't get too low and get caught short. And we've seen what happens when that dynamic is played out and that usually results in pricing picking up relatively quickly. So, I wouldn't say in terms of the dealer distributor network we've seen them really start to build material inventories at this point. Although, as I said earlier, we have seen the home improvement warehouse and treater start coming back. Even this week there's been a little bit of an uptick that we've noticed to the extent that that gains momentum and starts pulling inventory out of the system, you could see that dynamic change here relatively quickly.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that, Devin. That's very helpful. I want to switch gears for my second question, kind of a two-part on timber. We've heard of some disruptions in China as they've been particularly with Tycon remediating, redoing the way they handle timber and from what we gathered inventories are relatively high. So I was a little surprised, pleasantly surprised that you're still seeing strong demand on timber into China. If you could explain why you think that's happening and to some degree why the U.S. is gaining share versus other regions? And then in the South, I want to say prices have begun to pick up on stumpage, a couple to three bucks a ton year-on-year, you're starting to see some commentary now that prices are lifting for more than seasonal reasons. Do you buy that or are you fairly skeptical of that and you think we're still in a flat perhaps deflationary period on a real basis in terms of timber? Thank you.
Devin W. Stockfish: Well thanks. I'll cover the China question first and, the China market has been very strong for us this year. Pricing has been well above what we've seen, really in a number of years. Part of that has been the supply chain challenges from European exporters, the ban on Australian logs, but all of those things have come together and really opened that market back up for North American logs. And so that's been a really nice market for us. As you mentioned the inventory levels at the ports at the end of June did go up 5.5 million cubic meters, which is up from May, take away at the ports is down a little bit overall. And I'll get to Weyerhaeuser specific comments momentarily, but there are a few things that are driving that George. I mean, first of all, there's always a little bit of a tick down in demand when you get into the hot rainy season. We see that every year into China, so that's a piece of it.  But there are also some regulatory issues. They've had some increased environmental inspections and the big one you mentioned, which is just a changing dynamic at the port, which is one of the largest log-in port facilities. And what they're doing is essentially they're trying to push the saw mills deeper inland. And so there's a little bit of a dynamic going on there where they're trying to move some of those mills away from that port. That happens from time to time in China, it will get resolved. We're still very optimistic that you're still going to need a lot of logs imported into that China market. So I think that's really more of a temporary issue. For us in particular, our Chinese customer log demand is still very strong. Pricing is strong. And so we're actually contemplating or expecting rather to have our export volume into China up quarter-over-quarter Q3 versus Q2. So a little bit of dynamic going on there just, from the items I mentioned, but we're still very positive about that market over the back half of the year.  Moving to the Southern market, obviously we have seen a bit of an uptick in pricing, and I think there are two things going on there. One of them is certainly the weather dynamic. When you see multiple wet weather events in the South that keeps the logging out of the woods for a period of time, which limits the supply to the saw mills and the pulp mills. And that's been going on over the course of the summer and the spring. And that's really particularly in the pulp log that's kept inventories pretty low for this time of year. And so that's been a piece of it. But I do think there's also an increment of that, which is in certain geographies, the new saw mill capacity that's come in. And we've been talking about this for several years. If you put 7 billion board feet of new capacity into the South in those wood baskets where that new capacity is coming, you see a tensioning effect. And so, I don't think it's going to be a hockey stick by any stretch of the imagination. It's just going to be slow, steady improvement across different geographies. And so, we think that's going to slowly tension a number of wood baskets and again, it's going to be specific to each geography but that will continue to happen. We've seen a number of mills announced even just recently and we expect that to continue here for the foreseeable future because the South is a great place to manufacture lumber.
George Staphos: Clearly. Thanks for the thoughts Devin. Good luck for the quarter. See you guys. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Connelly: It's been a long time since Weyerhaeuser has talked much about silver [ph] cultured gains. It used to be a big topic of conversation, but can you talk about how advances in silver culture are affecting the trends in your yield versus other issues that we talk about more like the weather?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah. I think part of the reason we don't talk about it as much is it's just become part of our day to day operation. And we have a R&D team that works on seedling improvements and different silver culture regimes to maximize the yield across our portfolio. So, you're probably right. We don't talk about it as much, maybe as we used to just because it's become part of our normal course. I would say that that is something I think over time we'll continue to be a competitive advantage for us. I think we do silver culture in forestry very well. We have a lot of great folks, a lot of PhDs, a lot of foresters that are working every day to make sure that we're driving the best yield across our land base. And so, I think it is an important part. I will say even when you think about climate change, for example, the ability of our teams to really make sure that we're using the right seedlings, for example, as the climate gets warmer and really targeting the seedlings that we're planting across our landscape, to ensure that we're maximizing the growth and the survival in a changing landscape. So it is definitely something that's still very important and the core to what we do, even if we're not talking about it on a day-to-day basis as much.
Mark Connelly: Helpful. Just switching gears, the home builders are talking a lot about affordability, about labor challenges, but I feel like we've been talking about this for a couple of years and we haven't actually seen big shifts in the way homes are being constructed. Do you think that those changes are actually coming anytime soon, and if they are is that going to require a change on your part or a big investment?
Devin W. Stockfish: Well, I think when we talk to folks throughout the supply chain, there is an awareness of the need to get more efficient on how we build homes. And that's at the home builders, that's at the big dealers, really across the board, just for a variety of reasons to make housing more affordable, number one, and to overcome some of the labor challenges that we've seen for many years. So there's a desire to make improvements there. But I think you're right, the improvements that we've seen to date have really been around the margins. I think it's tough to really fundamentally change how we build houses and that's going to be a slow process. And I'm not sure if we're having this conversation three, four, or five years from now, you're going to see a real material change in the way that we build homes. You'll probably see continued improvements around the margin. But it's an established supply chain in terms of how we build this -- build these homes. And so we just haven't seen big improvements to date, and I'm not sure I'm overly optimistic that that's going to change in the near-term. We have talked to our customers, we're very close with them and we're -- I think we're a very nimble supplier. So to the extent that we need to adjust how we do business to meet our customer needs, we'll be well positioned to do that. 
Mark Connelly: Thanks Devin, that’s helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is around your thoughts on capacity, especially as we think about the emerging kind of stories around the forest fires out West, and some of your peers taking capacity offline in Canada. Can you talk a little bit to your outlook for your business and the potential implications from these natural events as they do potentially come together?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah. So, I guess a comment here on the near-term, and then maybe some observation longer-term. In the near-term we, obviously we're seeing a fire situation in the West and we can speak to that here in a moment. No issues on our land, but certainly it's been a rough start to the fire season overall, British Columbia even worse, I would say at this point. Nothing in the near-term that we're expecting from our production, specifically around natural disasters or fires. That being said every year, we have to stay nimble and adjust as we see these things play out. And so, that's something on a day-to-day basis that can change, but nothing to announce here at this point. I will say over time, certainly the environment that we're seeing with forest fires in the West and some of the natural hurricanes, other events in the South, it's something that you have to bake into your long-term planning. And so, as we see British Columbia, for example, having another serious fire season, well obviously over time those trees are not available for wood products manufacturing. So as we think about our long-term planning, we do take that into consideration as we decide where are we going to put capital to work?
Susan Maklari: Okay, that's very helpful. My second question is you mentioned in your comments that you announced a 15% to 25% increase in your engineered wood products in May. As we think about the dynamics around alternative products like framing lumber, those prices coming down, can you talk to your ability to realize and sustain that pricing going forward?
Devin W. Stockfish: Well, the EWP market as a whole has been very tensioned. We primarily send that product into new residential construction. And so unlike lumber and OSB that have a little heavier component of repair and remodel, the EWP mark is primarily residential construction, which really hasn't seen any sort of noticeable slow down and nor are we expecting that for the back half of the year. So, the dynamic there is a little different than lumber and OSB. And part of the issue there too is with the run-up in OSB webstock prices, the resin challenges, veneer pricing, some of the input costs for making EWP have gone up quite a bit as well. So there's that balance in terms of the pricing for EWP to overcome some of those raw material costs. Absent something happening on the residential construction market I think we feel pretty good about capturing that pricing increase that we announced in May.
Susan Maklari: Okay, alright. That's very helpful. Thank you. Good luck. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Devin, Nancy, Beth. Devin, I'd like to kind of come back to that last question, because we have seen virtually all of the big Western Canadian lumber producers take some production cuts over the last couple of weeks. They're pointing to fires, they're pointing to inventories, they're pointing to prices that are at or below net cash. And I'm also aware that there are some producers in the Pacific Northwest and the U.S. they have just gone to reduce scheduling in July. Can you talk about your activity levels in July in terms of both production in Canada and production on the West Coast of the U.S. and whether you've ratcheted back at all?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, Mark, thanks for the question. We have not to date had any material reductions in our production in either the West or British Columbia. I would say and this is a general comment across the portfolio of manufacturing, we're probably dialing back in the sense that we're not trying to run those extra shifts and overtime hours that we were earlier in the spring when you had the pricing at all-time peak. So it's really dialed back to a more normal operating posture, but that's something that we look at closely all the time. The fire situation is something I do think we're keeping a close eye on, as I mentioned. No real impact star timberlands at this point and we've still got reasonable log decks across the Northwest in Washington and Oregon, but that's something that obviously we'll watch closely. British Columbia, we only have the one mill in British Columbia. I would say the fire situation up there is probably even a little worse than it is in Washington and Oregon. A lot of the logging activity has ceased at this point in BC, in a number of operating areas, just because of the fire situation. If that doesn't change at some point here in the near term, I think log availability at our BC mill is going to be challenged at which point we would obviously have to take some downtime, but at this point we haven't.
Mark Wilde: And just to kind of follow up on that BC situation, BC log costs, just from a formula standpoint are due to go up again in October. Can you talk about what impact that might have on your operations there, it's a pretty significant increase as I understand it? 
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah. Significant increase, the one that was announced on July 1st, significant increase. And so log costs in BC have certainly gone up I think. That just adds additional challenge to the issue from a cost floor standpoint across the industry that we already had in BC. For us Weyerhaeuser specific we've been focused on having a low cost mill. I think we're probably top quartile if not top decile from a cost structure standpoint at our Princeton mill. But that being said, the log costs and other costs associated with operating BC have gone up and I think that's raised the cost forward. So, we at this price, I think we can still operate that profitably, but certainly it's getting closer even for our top costs mill or low cost mill rather. 
Mark Wilde: Okay. That's really helpful. Now for a follow-up, I just wondered, if we go back a couple of months ago and think about that variable supplemental that you had talked about paying in the first quarter of 2022, there seemed to be kind of a little bit of an opening that you might want to pay some of that in 2021. Is it safe to assume with what we've seen go on the markets the last couple of months, you're just going to wait until the first quarter of 2022 now?
Mark Wilde: Well, you're right. And that the new dividend framework anticipates the supplemental dividends typically going to be paid out in Q1 for the prior fiscal year. And, as you know, Mark, the primary reason there is just to ensure that we're matching that variable component to the cash flow that we're generating for the year. But we've said previously, we haven't definitively ruled out the possibility of some sort of interim supplemental dividend later in the year. And, really you think about where we are, we're in a little bit of a unique situation and that through the end of the second quarter, we've already generated nearly $1.9 billion of adjusted FAD. We have a very significant cash balance. And so that's something the Board is continuing to assess in terms of both those factors and how we see the rest of the year playing out. So, I'd still say at this point, we haven't ruled that out for at some point later in the year, but I would say even if we were to do that, which again the Board is going to consider over the back half of the year, we'd still expect the vast majority of that supplemental dividend for the 2021 cash flow would be paid out in Q1 of 2022.
Mark Wilde: Okay, alright, that's helpful. I'll turn it over. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Paul Quinn: Yeah, thanks very much. Good morning guys. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Thanks.
Paul Quinn: Hey, I noticed you have increased your CAPEX budget. Just wondering if you could give us some more details on the major projects you've got there and Elk and I guess was an issue in Q2 in terms of production, is that project finished now to get to the volumes back in Q3?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, so we did announce an increase in our 2021 CAPEX by 40 million, as we said. About 20 million of that is wood products, about 10 million or so is on the timberland side, and then we had some IT projects largely that were focused in our mills. So that's the breakdown. When you think about that 40 million, couple of things to keep in mind for context, if you go back to 2020 we did reduce our CAPEX budget in 2020. So we had a number of projects in the queue really across the wood products business, that we think will generate strong returns, continue to position the business to be low cost, highly efficient, very reliable. So, we have a variety of projects in the queue. They run the gamut from CDKs to upgrading sorter stacker, the Elk project which we completed was the forming line. So just a variety of projects across the mill, largely focused on de-bottlenecking, reducing costs, and improving reliability. So, there's not one thing necessarily that I would highlight in those projects really, as I said, it's just a broad range of projects. And it's all based on the individual mill roadmaps that we have to get each of our manufacturing assets up to top quartile performance.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then if I turn over to the lumber capacity in North America, I mean, a number of projects have been announced. I've got, totaling sort of 1.7 billion in 2021 coming up and then another 2.2 billion in 2022. Is that level of capacity addition where you are in terms of future lumber pricing or supply into the marketplace?
Devin W. Stockfish: You know, it really doesn't for a couple of reasons. So when we think about the North American market as a whole, which is the way we typically think about it, we do think you're going to continue to see capacity coming into the U.S. South. We know that's a great place to manufacture lumber. I don't think you're going to see much in the way of new capacity coming into the Pacific Northwest, primarily just it's such a tension wood basket. And so I think the log costs associated with that probably will prevent folks from putting too much capacity there. And I do think over time, we're going to lose capacity in British Columbia because of the fiber availability issue that you're well aware of. So, I think on a net-net basis we will see more capacity overall in North America. But look, we need it, right. I mean, if you think about the amount of housing that we're anticipating over the next 5 to 10 years, we won't be able to cover that without some continued capacity additions across North America. And so, I think we will continue to see that. I think the demand signal will keep that more or less in tension. So it's not something that overly worries me at this point.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then just lastly, I mean, you guys have put up back to back record quarters. Your stock is flat through the year here to date versus somebody like a Rainier which is up 25%, like what are investors missing here, any urgency at Weyerhaeuser to be able to do something to help shareholders here? 
Devin W. Stockfish: Well, as we always say, and I'll emphasize it here again, we are extremely focused on driving long-term value for our shareholders. And we do that in a number of ways. We're actively managing our portfolio to constantly improve the value of our underlying assets. You've seen a number of timber transactions to that effect, our CAPEX programs and wood products. We have an unrelenting focus on operational excellence and driving industry leading performance. You've seen that in terms of our OPEX results over the years, as well as our competitive positioning from an EBITDA margin. And I think importantly, over the last year we've made a series of capital allocation decisions that have really positioned us very well for the future. We've paid down over a billion dollars of debt, our balance sheet is strong, we have a new base plus variable supplemental dividend structure that is really going to enable us to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders over time. As you've seen with the FAD that we've generated through the first half of the year, we're positioned to deliver a very meaningful supplemental dividend payment in the first quarter of 2022. And that's something I think the market is probably just starting to digest the magnitude of what that variable dividend is going to be. So I think as our investor base and the market gets more familiar with the new dividend structure, starts to see the benefit as we pay out that variable dividend, we should start seeing the share price better reflect the underlying value.  The other thing I'd say is we're optimistic that the other actions that we're taking to position the company for the future, including our increased focus on natural climate solutions and some of the other business development opportunities are really going to be a catalyst to drive investor interest and enhance our market valuation over time. 
Paul Quinn: I hope you're right. Thanks a lot. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Maybe just first, carrying on the last question, the current dividend yield is a little over 2% because obviously you'd cut the ordinary dividend and then increase it but not nearly back to the prior level. So here your large supplemental dividends, can you kind of relay again sort of what would be the thought process on the core dividend, how much upside might there be to the core dividend, and do you think that investors haven't yet really embraced the new framework that you're using, and you're getting hurt by the fact that your core dividend level is low?
Devin W. Stockfish: But again, Mark, I think it's a relatively new dividend structure and so the market is digesting it. I would say with respect to the base dividend, a couple of things, as we've said we certainly do intend to grow the base dividend over time. That's a core part of our overall dividend philosophy and framework. We want that base dividend to be sustainable and supportable from the cash that we generate across our businesses over business cycles. So, the growth in the base dividend is largely going to be driven from the growth in our more stable timberlands and E&R businesses. And that can come from a variety of different angles, the organic growth in the business, taking costs out, disciplined acquisitions. The key is incremental cash flow that is sustainable across the bottom of market cycles. But certainly, we intend to grow that over time. And I would note, just as you think about the overall dividend framework, obviously, when the pricing environment is strong or even reasonable, we're going to generate significant cash flow that will get distributed out to the shareholders over and above that base dividend. So, I think the short answer to your question is, the market is still digesting how this is going to work. I think as they start to see the variable dividend come into play, as they start to see the base dividend grow over time, there will be an increase in appreciation for how this is going to work over time. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay, thank you. And two quick follow-ups on the demand for lumber in particular. So you had mentioned there have been decline in the do it yourself, but that the big renovation business you thought could hold up, order of magnitude how much of your lumber is going into the Do It Yourself typically, versus say the big renovation type projects?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, so for us we have a big business into the home improvement warehouse segment. And so that can be up to -- in the South up to 30%, in the Pacific Northwest maybe slightly less than that. So it's a decent part of our overall lumber business. When you think about the market as a whole, the Do It Yourself segment is somewhere in the neighborhood of 20%. We think of overall repair and remodel demand. So, we do sell a lot into the big box stores, of course, but you look at that across the overall market, the Do It Yourself is a much smaller portion of the overall repair and remodel spend.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, so just to make sure I understood that So, Do It Yourself is like half of the repair remodel or it's 20% of the 40%.  [Multiple Speakers]
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, when you think about repair and remodel spend in total, the Do It Yourself segment we think is about 20%. Those numbers are hard to come up with in terms of a concrete look, but I think that that estimate is borne out from some of the stuff we've seen from the Harvard Joint Center as well and some of the other sources that we look at. So we triangulate that, and we think it's about the 20%.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And you mentioned kind of housing builders still quite optimistic. And certainly they got a lot of backlog and a lot of homes to build. That said that they're confronting supply chain issues, etc. Are those supply chain issues creating any impact, you think, on the demand that you're seeing maybe stretching things out, as opposed to killing it but are you seeing negative impact because of the supply chain issues affecting the builders?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, I think that's been the primary issue. To the extent that you've seen slowdown in building, I think the largest reason behind that has been the building products, supply chain issues. And so when you go and talk to the builders, what we hear is they're having troubles getting everything from appliances, to paint, to windows really just it runs the gamut. And I think, on some level, they've slowed the sales activity a little bit to try to catch up with some of that. But again, as we talked to those customers, they're optimistic for the back half of the year. The demand is there, notwithstanding some of the affordability challenges I think from the buyer community, but the demand for housing still is incredibly strong. And we think, based on those conversations and other discussions we've had with customers in the supply chain, that we're still going to build a lot of houses in the U.S. this year.
Mark Weintraub: Right, and just a thought, so there's no doubt they've slowed the sales pace. I guess the question was more, are you seeing that there is a slow in their production pace too right now or not so much?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, I definitely think we've seen a little bit of that and the conversations that we've had you've heard anecdotes like we have to tell buyers that we can't sell them a house right now, we'll put them on a waitlist, they'll have to come back in a couple of months. So I think there has been a little bit of that. The magnitude of how much that's kind of hard to pin down exactly. But directionally, we think that's right.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, and then just real quick, in the past you've given us some time sort of a bracketing X pricing, what the impact of various changes in the wood products might be versus the prior quarter, is that something you can share with us or the magnitude, the improved efficiencies and things like that?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, so I think, X price wood products EBITDA would be up quarter-over-quarter. I'm not going to give you a magnitude because I think just in terms of what's going on with the Home Improvement warehouse sales volumes, there's a little bit of question there as to whether that's up some or up materially. But certainly we expect sales volume to be up and we expect cost to be down. So X price EBITDA would be up in the quarter for wood products.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, thanks so much. 
Devin W. Stockfish: Thank you. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: Great, thanks, and good morning everyone. Just on the wood product side, sorry, on the timberland side, the fundamentals for lumber look pretty solid, export demand sounds pretty healthy, you lapped the salvage activity and you sound pretty optimistic on potential gains in Southern pricing. Do you think we're finally at an inflection point where that business can start to see a sustained improvement in profitability and what would you consider kind of the big factors that could get in the way of that?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, so I would say, and I'm going to answer this by West and by South because they're slightly different dynamics going on in each market. In the West, we're seeing good pricing this year. It's a very tension wood basket and so as long as lumber demand and lumber pricing is reasonable, that's going to be a good strong business. We saw a little bit obviously of a dip in harvest levels as a result of the Oregon fires last year. We'll work through that salvage this year and you'll start to see the harvest levels kind of ticking up slowly here over time. So we feel really good about that business. I think it'll continue to be strong here for the foreseeable future. The South, obviously, we've had some disconnects between demand and supply, just in terms of the amount of inventory out in the woods coming out of the Great Recession and we've talked about that quite a bit. And I do think that there are markets within the South, geographies within the South that are starting to tension up a little bit. And that's largely a function of new capacity coming in, that's continuing to happen.  We've got, for example, several mills that have been announced the Bewer [ph] mill, the Idaho Forest Products Mill, Mississippi, the Toko Mill that was just announced in Louisiana, those are in good wood baskets for us. And as we continue to see that play out over time, I think that will just put pressure on pricing to slowly recover. I don't think that's going to happen overnight. It's a process it's going to play out over a number of years, but directionally I'm feeling good about where we're going there. From an overall margin standpoint, putting aside pricing, we are very focused on operational excellence. Our operating performance I think is very good in that business. But we're trying to improve every day, that's part of our OPEX program, and we put new targets out every year to increase the efficiency and lower costs. And so I feel good about the margin improvement opportunity there as well. So we've got good businesses, we've got good people, overall story around housing and repair and remodel demand to drive wood demand through the system, I think is positive. So we feel good about both of those businesses.
Kurt Yinger: Got it, okay, that's helpful. And maybe just looking at the second half for timberlands, looks like the harvest should be up pretty meaningfully from the first half to maybe 15% or so. Q3 profitability down versus Q2, sounds like there's some seasonal costs in there, is there any way as we look ahead to the fourth quarter, that we could see that incremental volume have kind of a greater overall impact on profitability?
Devin W. Stockfish: Yeah, so a couple things there. Q3, that's always a lower earnings quarter for us, because we do more forestry and road work in that quarter. And in the West, we typically move up the hill to higher cost elevation units or higher elevation units. So that's a typical seasonal pattern. In Q2, we did ramp up harvests, certainly relative to Q1, there has been a lot of rainy weather in the South. And so we weren't able to catch up as much of the Q1 issues that we saw with the ice storms as we had anticipated. I expect we'll get most of that up over the back half of the year, absent weather events that are hard to control. So you'll see the harvest activity pick up, cost activity is or costs typically in Q4 are a little better, because -- to reverse the dynamics I just mentioned. So, I can dimension it that way, but probably not just in terms of giving you a specific number. 
Kurt Yinger: Okay, no, that's great. Thank you. Alright, that's all I had. Appreciate the color.
A - Devin W. Stockfish: Alright. Well, I think that was our final question. So thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. And thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations and Enterprise Planning. Thank you, Ms. Baum. You may begin.
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2021 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Nancy Loewe, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter net earnings of $681 million or $0.91 per diluted share on net sales of $2.5 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.1 billion, a 68% increase over the fourth quarter of 2020 and a 167% increase compared to the year ago quarter. This represents the highest quarterly adjusted EBITDA on record, surpassing the third quarter of 2020 by 48%. I'm extremely proud of the operational and financial results delivered by our team, notwithstanding winter weather disruptions and supply chain challenges throughout the quarter. The hard work we've been doing over the last several years has positioned us well to capitalize on these current favorable market conditions and we remain focused on delivering superior value for our shareholders. Additionally, I'm very pleased to introduce and welcome to the call, Nancy Loewe, who joined Weyerhaeuser in March as our new CFO. Nancy brings more than 20 years of leadership and financial and operating roles across a broad range of industries. She's hit the ground running and we're excited for the energy and expertise she is bringing to Weyerhaeuser and our leadership team. With Nancy now onboard, Russell Hagen has fully transitioned into his new role as Chief Development Officer. I'm confident this organizational change will deliver meaningful portfolio management benefits as we align our real estate, energy and natural resources, acquisitions and divestitures, and business development activities under one umbrella. I'm equally excited for the work this team is doing to support the company's increasing focus on emerging carbon and other natural climate solutions opportunities. In a moment, I'll dive into our first quarter business results, but first let me make some brief comments on the housing market. First quarter housing starts averaged 1.6 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, an improvement of 2% over the fourth quarter. Activity dipped briefly in February, driven by severe winter weather, but March activity rebounded sharply. March housing starts totaled 1.7 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, the highest level since 2006. Single family starts in March reached the highest rate for any month since June of 2007 at nearly 104,000 units. Additionally, housing permits in the first quarter averaged nearly 1.8 million units on a seasonally adjusted basis, surpassing last quarter by 10% and surging to its highest quarterly average since before the Great Recession. Continued improvement in this key leading indicator points to increasing demand for new home construction in 2021. With these encouraging tailwinds, our housing market outlook is very favorable and further supported by macroeconomic fundamentals that will continue to drive strong U.S. housing activity, including record low supply of new and existing homes for sale, strong homebuilder sentiment, favorable demographic trends, flexible work arrangements driving increased mobility and migration to the suburbs, higher savings rates and continued post-COVID improvements in GDP and unemployment. Repair and remodel activity also remained robust in the first quarter, supported by rising home equity, additional federal stimulus and limited resale inventory. Feedback from our customers indicates a shifting trend from small do-it-yourself projects to larger professional remodels. We expect repair and remodel demand to remain strong throughout 2021 as project backlogs continue to expand. We are keeping an eye on certain cautionary factors, including the impacts of increasing home prices and mortgage rates on affordability and challenges for homebuilders resulting from rising material costs, supply chain disruptions and labor availability. However, we do believe the supportive fundamentals considerably outweigh these headwinds. With the additional prospect of a federal infrastructure bill and growing demand for mass timber, we anticipate very favorable demand for wood products for the foreseeable future. Turning now to our first quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with timberlands on pages six through eight of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $108 million to first quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $5 million compared to the fourth quarter. Turning to Western timberlands starting with domestic market conditions, demand remained strong throughout the quarter as mills maintained healthy log inventories to capitalize on record lumber prices. Log supply in the first quarter continued to improve as salvage harvest activity in Oregon increased substantially. Similar to the fourth quarter, salvage operations resulted in an abundance of smaller diameter logs in the market. This, in turn, is driving stronger demand and pricing for larger diameter logs. Our fee harvest volume was comparable to the fourth quarter and our proportion of salvage volume increased significantly. Average domestic log sales realizations were slightly lower than the fourth quarter as salvage operations resulted in a greater mix of smaller diameter logs. We continue to make great progress on our 2021 salvage plan. And as of the end of the first quarter, we’ve harvested approximately 40% of our planned salvage volume. We did not experience any downgrades in realizations on our salvage logs during the quarter. Log and haul costs increased slightly during the first quarter due to increased salvage activity and forestry costs were seasonally lower in the quarter. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs remained strong in the first quarter. Reduced lumber imports into Japan resulting from strong U.S. domestic lumber markets and a global shortage of shipping containers allowed our customers to increase market share and drove stronger demand for our logs. Our Japanese log sales volumes increased moderately compared to the fourth quarter, with a slight increase in realizations. Similar to Japan, the market for U.S. logs in China remained strong in the first quarter as supply headwinds persisted, including lower overall lumber import volumes, a lack of container availability and restrictions on Australian log imports. Log inventories at Chinese ports increased in February as manufacturing activity paused over the Lunar New Year period, but were drawn down rapidly in March as strong takeaway resumed. Average realizations for our China export logs increased modestly compared with the fourth quarter, but this was offset by higher ocean freight rates. Our sales volumes to China decreased significantly as we intentionally flexed volume to the domestic market to capitalize on the strong pricing for our large diameter logs. Moving to the South. Southern timberlands adjusted EBITDA increased $5 million compared with the fourth quarter. Southern sawlog market strengthened in the first quarter as record lumber and panel pricing drove strong demand and supply was limited by severe winter weather and seasonally wet conditions. Fiber markets also improved as demand increased following the fourth quarter maintenance outages by many of our pulp log customers. Our fee harvest volume was slightly lower than the fourth quarter as we lost several operating days due to the snow and ice in February. Average sales realizations were slightly higher than the fourth quarter due to improved sawlog and fiber log realizations as well as favorable mix. Road and forestry costs decreased seasonally. On the export side, we continue to see growing demand from both China and India. Southern export log pricing increased substantially in the first quarter, but volumes were comparable to the fourth quarter as container availability and increased freight rates were notable headwinds. Northern timberlands adjusted EBITDA increased $1 million compared to the fourth quarter due to improved sales realizations for hardwood logs. Turning to Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, pages nine and 10. Real Estate and ENR contributed $66 million to first quarter earnings and $96 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $73 million higher than fourth quarter due to timing of transactions. Similar to 2020, our 2021 real estate sales activity is heavily weighted toward the first half of the year. Average price per acre was down significantly compared to the unusually high fourth quarter, but still substantially higher than one year ago. As was the case in fourth quarter, first quarter included a number of high value retail transactions in the US South. Wood products, pages 11 and 12. Wood products contributed $840 million to first quarter earnings and $889 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was 68% higher than the fourth quarter and surpassed by 45% the previous quarterly record, which was established in the third quarter of 2020. Our lumber, OSB and distribution businesses delivered the highest quarterly adjusted EBITDA on record during the first quarter. Demand remained extremely strong across our product lines, with continued strength in the new residential construction and repair and remodel end markets. The framing lumber composite entered the first quarter near the record levels achieved in the third quarter of 2020. After a slight pullback in January, prices reentered record territory and continued to increase as the quarter progressed, notwithstanding a low-end consumption in the South following the severe winter weather event in February. Inventory in the distribution channels remained lean throughout the quarter as buyers delicately balanced their need to replenish inventory with buying at record high price levels. Average lumber composite pricing increased 41% compared with the fourth quarter. EBITDA for lumber increased $259 million compared with the fourth quarter, a more than 100% improvement. Average sales realizations increased by 42%. Cost for Canadian logs increased significantly and Southern log costs increased slightly during the quarter. Our lumber production decreased slightly compared with the fourth quarter as a handful of mills lost production days due to severe winter storms in the US South. Sales volumes decreased by 5% compared with the fourth quarter, as customer takeaway and supply chains in the South were temporarily disrupted following the severe winter weather. OSB markets performed at an unprecedented pace in the first quarter. Limited resin availability added incremental constraints to an already lean supply of OSB in the market. This dynamic coupled with continued strong demand resulted in a record setting price run that persisted for the entire quarter. Average OSB composite pricing increased 30% compared with the fourth quarter. OSB EBITDA increased $80 million compared to the fourth quarter, a 36% increase. Average sales realizations improved by 22%. Production volumes increased slightly compared with the fourth quarter and unit manufacturing costs improved as a reduction in planned maintenance more than offset weather-related downtime at one of our Southern mills. Although resin availability was a challenge across the OSB market, our supply chain and transportation teams did a fantastic job of effectively navigating the disruption, resulting in no material impact to our OSB production volumes or mix in the first quarter. We continue to benefit from proactive initiatives to diversify our resin supply. Engineered wood products EBITDA increased $5 million compared to the fourth quarter. Average sales realizations for solid section and I-joists products improved as we continued to benefit from our August 2020 price increase and quickly began capturing the benefit of a second increase announced in January. This was partially offset by higher raw material costs for oriented strand board web stock, resin and veneer. Production volumes also decreased slightly across several product lines as a result of weather-related downtime. In distribution, EBITDA increased $15 million compared to the fourth quarter, a strong demand drove sales volumes across all products and the business captured improved margins. Turning briefly to operational excellence. After exceeding our 2020 operational excellence target, we remain focused on OpEx in 2021, targeting another $50 million to $75 million across our businesses. With one quarter of 2021 behind us, we're on track to achieve our full year 2021 target and look forward to sharing some accomplishments as the year progresses. Finally, I'd like to comment briefly on two recent timberland transactions. As we've noticed -- noted previously, we're continuously evaluating opportunities to optimize and grow the value of our timberland holdings. Today, we reported the closing of our previously announced acquisition of 69,000 acres of Alabama timberlands. These are high quality acres that are accretive to our portfolio and exhibit strong operating on [ph] our existing footprint. We also announced this morning an agreement to sell 145,000 acres in the North Cascades region of Washington to Hampton Resources for $266 million. Hampton is a strategic buyer with a complementary manufacturing footprint in the area. This transaction is part of a multi-year effort to strategically optimize our Western Timberlands portfolio and completes our targeted large-scale divestitures in the region. The North Cascades is our least productive acreage in the West. It's primarily high elevation white wood with high operating costs and does not serve any of our internal mills or export customers. This property does not materially contribute to EBITDA and was not expected to generate a competitive return within our portfolio, even considering future alternative sources of value. We're really pleased with this transaction and plan to redeploy the proceeds in line with our priorities for opportunistic capital allocation, including continue to enhance and grow our timberlands portfolio in a disciplined manner. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Nancy to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook.
Nancy Loewe: Thank you, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I'm looking forward to meeting many of you in the coming months. It's a privilege to be joining Weyerhaeuser at such an exciting time and I want to thank everyone for the warm welcome I've received. Over the past two months, I've spent a great deal of time with the senior leadership team as well as the finance team here at the company immersing myself in the business and getting to know our employees and operations. I've come away from that with tremendous excitement about the future and our ability to create significant long-term value for shareholders. I'm looking forward to the work ahead. So, this morning I'll cover a few aspects of our first quarter financial performance as well as our second quarter outlook. I'll begin with the first quarter results for our unallocated items as summarized on page 13. First quarter adjusted EBITDA for this segment improved by $7 million compared to fourth quarter 2020. This improvement was mainly due to lower corporate function and variable compensation expenses, partially offset by higher charges for the elimination of inter-segment profit in inventory and LIFO. This charge was primarily driven by higher lumber inventory in the South, where customer takeaway was disrupted after the severe winter weather. Turning now to our key financial items, which are summarized on Page 14. Cash from operations totaled nearly $700 million for the first quarter. This is our highest quarterly operating cash flow since fourth quarter 2006 and our highest first quarter cash flow on record. We generally expect cash from operations to decrease significantly in the first quarter, primarily due to seasonal working capital increases. However, operating cash flow improved by over $250 million compared with the fourth quarter as these factors were more than outweighed by higher pricing for lumber and oriented strand board. We reinvested a portion of this cash in our timberlands and wood products businesses through capital expenditures, which totaled $53 million for the first quarter. Adjusted funds available for distribution or FAD for first quarter 2021 totaled $645 million as highlighted on page 15. In the first quarter, we returned $127 million to our shareholders through payment of our first quarter base dividend of $0.17 per share. As a reminder, we plan to target a total annual return to shareholders of 75% to 80% of our annual adjusted FAD. We will deploy the remaining 20% to 25% of our annual FAD consistent with our stated priorities for opportunistic capital allocation. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended our first quarter with over $1 billion of cash and undrawn line of credit, and just under $5.5 billion of outstanding long-term debt. As a reminder, we have cash earmarked to repay our $150 million 9% note when it matures in the fourth quarter. Our strong balance sheet position in addition to our record EBITDA performance has resulted in a net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio of 1.5 times. Although our leverage ratio is significantly below our over-the-cycle target of 3.5 times net debt to EBITDA, we believe that's appropriate given the extremely strong commodity markets we're experiencing today. Looking forward, key outlook items for the second quarter are presented on page 16. In our timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the first quarter. In our Western timberlands operations, we expect our second quarter domestic log sales volumes will be significantly higher than the first quarter. Domestic mill inventories ended the first quarter at moderate levels and log demand in the West remains favorable due to strong lumber market. Domestic average sales realizations are expected to be moderately lower compared with the first quarter. Additionally, while we expect average sales realizations for large logs to improve, we believe this will be offset by an unfavorable mix of small logs as we continue to work through salvage wood. We anticipate second quarter fee harvest volumes will be significantly higher, in that forestry and road spending will increase as we enter the spring and summer months. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, log demand remains strong. Japanese Douglas Fir lumber producers continue to experience very favorable demand as lumber imports into Japan remain limited due to the high price of US lumber and low availability of shipping containers. Our second quarter average sales realizations on log imports to Japan are expected to increase modestly compared to the first quarter. Our average sales volumes are expected to be comparable to the first quarter. For China, average export log sales realizations are expected to increase significantly. Demand for imported logs is strong due to significant economic growth, limited lumber imports and continued disruptions in the supply of imported logs. However, our average log sales volumes are expected to be lower compared with the first quarter. With strong US domestic demand for large logs and high ocean freight costs, we'll flex more logs to the domestic market to capture the highest margin. In the South, we anticipate fee harvest volumes will be significantly higher than first quarter due to seasonally higher thinner activity -- thinning activity as well as the deferred harvest activities related to the adverse weather we experienced during the first quarter. We expect average log sales realizations will be comparable to first quarter. Forestry spending in the South is expected to increase, which is typical coming into the spring months. In the North, average log sales realizations are expected to increase slightly compared to first quarter, while fee harvest volumes are expected to be significantly lower as we enter the spring breakup season. I'll wrap up the timberlands segment with a few comments on our recent timberland transaction. In the second quarter, we will report a cash outflow of approximately $149 million for the 69,000 acre Alabama timberlands acquisition that we completed this week. And as Devin mentioned, we have also announced the sale of our North Cascades acreage and we expect to complete that transaction in the third quarter. A gain on sale will be reported as a special item within the timberlands segment. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resource segment. Real estate markets remained strong into the second quarter as societal preferences during this time continued to drive robust demand for rural recreational properties. We expect second quarter net earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be moderately lower than first quarter due to timing of transactions. We continue to expect full year 2021 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $255 million, although we now expect land basis as a percentage of real estate sales to be approximately 35% to 45% for the year due to the mix of properties sold. We continue to anticipate our 2021 real estate activity will be heavily weighted to the first half of the year similar to our cadence in both 2019 and 2020. For our wood products segment, new residential construction activity has remained at very favorable levels. And our builder and dealer customers are anticipating a strong second quarter, following the already strong first quarter. In repair and remodel markets, we are seeing a shift from small do-it-yourself improvement projects to larger remodel activity further solidifying the demand for structural wood products within this market. Excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board, we expect second quarter adjusted EBITDA will be significantly higher than the first quarter. For lumber, we expect production volumes to increase during the quarter as operating rates are expected to improve following weather-related mill downtime in the first quarter. We expect these higher production volumes to have a favorable impact on our manufacturing costs. We also anticipate this increased supply as well as higher seasonal inventory drawdown to drive higher sales volumes during the quarter. Oriented strand board is expected to have a slightly lower production level in sales volumes and slightly higher manufacturing costs due to an extended outage to complete a planned capital project at our Elkin OSB mill. This equipment has been on-site, but installation has been delayed multiple times due to COVID-related travel restrictions and vendor resource availability. Log costs are expected to be comparable to the first quarter. Entering the second quarter, benchmark pricing for oriented strand board and the framing lumber composites have continued to rise beyond the record levels experienced in the first quarter. For lumber, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $105 higher and current realizations are approximately $130 higher than the first quarter average. For OSB, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $135 higher and our current sales realizations are approximately $185 higher than the first quarter average. As a reminder for lumber, every $10 change in realization is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. For OSB, every $10 change in realization is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. For engineered wood products, we expect higher average sales realizations for our solid section and I-joists products as we continue to capture the benefit of price increases announced in August 2020 and January 2021. Additionally, in March 2021, we announced a third increase, which ranges from 10% to 25% and will be captured over the next several quarters. This will be partially offset by higher raw material costs. I'll wrap up with a few additional comments on our total company financial items. We continue to expect full year 2021 interest expense will be approximately $315 million. Additionally, we continue to anticipate 2021 capital expenditures to total $420 million, with most large projects executing in the second half of the year. Turning to taxes, we continue to expect our full year 2021 effective tax rate will be between 18% and 22% before special items based on our forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. As previously discussed, a $90 million tax refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution remains in process. We anticipate receiving this refund in second quarter 2021. Excluding this refund, we continue to expect our 2021 cash taxes will be generally comparable to our overall tax expense. Now, I'll turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Nancy. In closing, our first quarter financial performance was the strongest on record, and I'm incredibly proud of the work our teams are doing to achieve these results. Whether it's navigating winter conditions and supply chain disruptions, keeping our people safe through a pandemic or the relentless focus to capture OpEx opportunities across our portfolio, our employees have done an outstanding job positioning the company to capitalize on the strong markets we're experiencing today. Looking forward, the demand for our products is extremely favorable, supported by encouraging macroeconomic conditions and continued resiliency in the US housing and repair and remodel markets. We remain committed to serving our customers and delivering industry-leading performance across our operations. When combined with a strong balance sheet and a dividend framework that returns meaningful cash to shareholders, we're well positioned to drive superior long-term value into the future. And now, I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Devin, given lumber prices where they are, are you undertaking any debottlenecking or brownfield expansions beyond the Holden expansion that you talked about last quarter? Could you even look at a greenfield mill in the South here? I'm just wondering, if you could talk about how you kind of balance making sure you get your share of growth versus not getting ahead of yourself in maybe an unusual market?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, absolutely. Happy to comment on that. If you think back to our capital program over the last several years, we have been investing significant amounts of capital across our wood products business. In fact, we're doing $300 million of incremental capital this year, part of which, as you know it, it goes to the Holden mill, which will increase by about 100 million board feet capacity at that location. We continue to get incremental capacity through the capital program that we've had in place for a number of years. Just for reference, if you think back over the last couple of years, our Millport and our Dierks mill brownfield expansions, have added about 300 million board feet of incremental capacity. And we continue to put capital to work across our wood products manufacturing businesses, and it's always a balance, Anthony. We're always looking to continue to drive down costs and improve efficiencies at our mills. One of the course to our operating strategy on the manufacturing side is to have the best cost structure in the industry, so that we can continue to drive good margins, regardless of where we are on pricing. We're going to continue to look for opportunities across our Wood Products manufacturing footprint, whether we're going to go out and do a greenfield mill. I think as we said in the past, our inclination is to really focus in the near-term on our existing mill set. And the reason behind that is just we think we can get better risk adjusted returns by putting that capital to work in our existing mill footprint. Now, over time, as we continue to work through our capital programs down the road, is there an opportunity for a greenfield? Sure, we're always going to be open to that. But I think in the near-term, it's going to be more focused on our existing footprint.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then, understanding that the special dividend is the main use of cash for you, given you're levered at 1.5 turns. Would you potentially look at share repurchases if your stock price isn't reflecting the strong earnings growth that you're seeing and maybe you can see it for some time here?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Just a quick comment and then I'll answer that specifically. And certainly, we're experiencing incredibly strong pricing right now. And if that continues to play out over the course of the year, we're going to generate very strong cash flow. And as you noted with our new dividend framework, around 75% to 80% of that is going to go back to shareholders through the base dividend and supplemental dividends. So, any cash flow over and above that really goes to our opportunistic options, which are growth, further debt pay down and share repurchase. As we think about share repurchase, specific to your question, Anthony, I think that can be a really good opportunity to return cash to shareholders under the right circumstances. And we continue to view that opportunistically. And so to the extent, we feel like our shares are trading at a material discount, that's a great way to return cash to shareholders. But absent that, I think the preference really is to distribute that via the supplemental dividend.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Devin, I think you can take the rest of year off, what do you say, amazing how things -- I doubt you'll do that. Amazing how things change in a year. I just want to…
Devin Stockfish: Well, there is still money to be made, George, so we’ll keep working.
George Staphos: Understood. So a way, I guess. So, I just want to make sure I understood. Holden, you said that's 260 million board feet. I just wanted to make sure that I had that, I had a slightly different number in my forecast just for clarification. And then my first real question is, tell us why your customers aren't really worried about housing affordability or aren't -- don't see that as a big enough speed bump based on everything else that you're seeing right now because the price of construction of home is going on, it's going up beyond 10%, 15% given our numbers for aggregate cost of construction?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, with respect to Holden, so it's a 100 million board feet of incremental capacity and that takes you up to about 260 million board feet when that project is complete.
George Staphos: That's what I got. Okay.
Devin Stockfish: So, with respect to your question around affordability, I think the short answer, George, is just there is so much demand for housing right now that the builders are able to -- even though they are experiencing some increased costs, they're able to pass that on to the buyer. And ultimately, you can't continue to see housing prices continue to go up at this level year after year. There is obviously some limit where that starts to take some increment of the buying community out of the market. But with low mortgage rates sitting around low 3%, that gives a little bit more flexibility. But, again, the reality right now is there is a real shortage of housing in the market and the demand is just overwhelming. When we talk to our homebuilder customers, they just -- they have more buyers than they can satisfy at present. And so, in that environment, it does give the builders more pricing power and we're certainly seeing -- you see that in the numbers with the permits and the starts and builder sentiment, just a lot of demand for housing. And if you think about it just at a broader level, and we've been saying this for years, the country has been under building for a decade. And you probably saw the Freddie Mac number out, where they were estimating 4 million units under bill. The amount of time it takes to build through that overhang, it's just -- it's a lot of demand and that's ultimately I think what keeps the buyer still there even though pricing continues to go up.
George Staphos: Understood. And I appreciate the thoughts there. I was hoping you could give us a bit more granularity to some degree piggybacking off of Anthony's questions in wood. One, if you -- we didn't -- if we hold Holden outside of the equation for a minute, what kind of productivity capacity increases might you get around the rest of your network in lumber and OSB this year? And recognizing you said significantly and there are lots of ways to define that, I guess, or throw that into a model, if we take pricing aside and just assumed average pricing in the first quarter to second quarter, what kind of increase would we be looking at for wood products 2Q versus 1Q? If you can give us any kind of guardrails around that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Well, I'll answer the second question first and then we'll swing back to the capacity question. So, good way to think about it quarter-over-quarter if you take out lumber and OSB pricing is about $75 million to $100 million of incremental EBITDA, and that's really primarily a result of increased lumber volume and the EWP pricing increase rolling through. And so, where you sit between that $75 million and $100 million really depends on how much OSB prices continue to go up because web stock obviously is -- it's an input cost that we have to bear in EWP. Although I will note, we supply almost all, if not all, of our web stock comes from our OSB mills. And so, we do get that in a different pocket. So, that's the range about $75 million to $100 million. In terms of incremental capacity, every year through our capital program, you get several percentage -- several percent increase just on the debottlenecking work that we do, you get incremental volume. So, that kind of comes year after year just through our normal cost programs in CapEx. We've also added as I mentioned about 300 million board feet over the last couple of years. And so, that's now rolling through the system. We've got another 100 million coming in Holden. And so, we don't necessarily talk about it this way all the time, but we are seeing organic growth in our wood products manufacturing operations just through those capital programs, even though they are primarily focused on cost reduction.
George Staphos: Okay, thanks for the thoughts, Devin. I'll turn it over and I'll come back in queue if there's time. Thanks.
Devin Stockfish: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Wilde: Devin, it really is amazing what a different situation we're in from a year ago.
Devin Stockfish: It's been something else, Mark. That is to say the least, it's been quite a ride over the last 12 to 18 months.
Mark Wilde: Yes. I wondered, if you could -- just to start out, you could give us some sense of where your order books are for lumber and OSB and engineered wood? How far into the second quarter you've sold at this point?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I'll go by product. Starting with EWP, I mean, we're essentially off the market into the third quarter at this point, so those order files are really extended. On OSB, we're five to six weeks out, so really at the outer edge of what we're comfortable with in terms of order files. And even on lumber, we're at two to three weeks at this point, which for lumber is on the high end of where we typically have order files. So, when you think about what's going on in the market, lean inventories everywhere, order files extended and that's playing in partly to what you're seeing on the price side.
Mark Wilde: Yes. I wondered, just thinking about what is going on in the price side, how much of an issue is rail and trucking transport? I mean, I've heard about some lumber producers in the Northwest significantly short of railcars, we've heard about some issues coming out of Western Canada. Just trying to figure out kind of how much kind of transit delays and transit bottlenecks might be contributing to kind of the current market situation?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I think it's definitely playing a role. When you think about transportation across the system, it's challenging, there is no question about it. And the place I would highlight for you that is the most acute is trucking in the South. And really across all industries, just with what we're seeing in the economy, the spending across all kinds of different industries, trucking availability is really short. And so, that's definitely a challenge really in a lot of different places. The South, as I mentioned, is the most acute issue, but that's really bleeding over into the rail side as well. So, securing trucking capacity and rail capacity, it's been a challenge for the industry, something that, believe me, we're focused on this 24/7 to make sure that we're getting product to customers and keeping them satisfied. So, that's a challenge. And I think part of it, when you think about having lean inventories, you add the transportation challenge for customers really across the channel trying to get product to serve their existing projects and their customers, it just adds one more challenge. And so, I think when people can get product on a short-term basis, they're willing to pay really high prices just to secure the product.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then finally, Devin, I wondered, I think everybody saw the release this morning about the Northern Cascades timberlands, so we kind of -- we understand what the issues were there in terms of valuation. But I wondered, if you could provide just a little color about the deal down in Alabama? Because from the outside, it looks like it was probably $300 or $400 an acre kind of above surrounding comps. So, I wondered, if you could just help us put a little color around that 21.50 kind of bid price that you made?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. Happy to. So, really, Mark, when we think about doing acquisitions or divestitures, for that matter, for us, it's very specific to that individual land base. And so, certainly, we look at comps to get a sense of what the market looks like. But when we are doing our future cash flow projections, it really goes down to things that are specific to that land, the stocking level, the species mix, what we think the road infrastructure looks like, what we think the costs of logging and hauling in that region are going to be. So, we do a very, very detailed analysis, we have some tools that we have that I think are proprietary that help with that to really dial-in on what we think that the cash flow will look like over a period of time. And we layer on top of that what do the local market conditions look like and we have a pretty good sense because we're in all of these markets on what we expect market dynamics to look like. And then we layer on top of that what are the synergies that we can bring to that specific land, things like leveraging our scale to drive lower log and haul costs, finding opportunities for export or alternative values like solar, wind, HBU. So, our model bakes all of those things in. And when we look at that particular land down in Alabama, a few things really jump out. It's in a very good market. I would say that Pine Hill, Alabama market is one of the stronger markets in the area, it's growing both on the saw timber side, but importantly it's a strong fiber market which can really help the economics of owning timberland. We've got an expanding mill capacity. We've got a diverse set of customers there that we think we can really leverage to drive additional value on that. And it really fits well with our existing timberlands portfolio. We have people on the ground there, so we don't have to add a lot of personnel to manage this incremental land. So, when we look at all of these things, good species mix, good site index, good synergies, logistics benefits, it's a really good property for us, it's really one of the better properties that we've looked at in quite a while in the South. And so, we're really excited to add that to the portfolio.
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. Good luck in the second quarter through the balance of the year, Devin.
Devin Stockfish: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Connelly: Hi, Devin. Just two things. You talked about the timber sales cleaning up the situation in the Pacific Northwest. Should I assume that your backlog of timber that you want to monetize is below normal at this point?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I would say in the Pacific Northwest, specifically, we've really gotten through all of the big transactions that we had as part of the review, the Southern timber -- or the Southern Oregon timberlands deal that we did last year and then this North Washington deal. Those were really the two big pieces of property in the West that we wanted to clean out of the portfolio. And again, it's really as you think about our Western portfolio as a whole, you take out the North Cascades and the South Oregon, I mean, the rest of the property is really cream of the crop timberland. And so, I think at this point from a Western perspective, we're pretty much there in terms of getting the portfolio where we want it to be and obviously we'll continue to look for opportunities to add good timberlands to that. But in terms of the big divestitures in the West, I think we're pretty much there.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And -- but what about in the South, I mean, where would you say you are in that optimization process?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. When we think about the South, I wouldn't say we've identified really large transactions like you saw in South Oregon and North Washington, but I would absolutely anticipate that we're going to continue to trim small pieces here, add pieces there. So, the optimization work will continue to be ongoing in the South, but at least sitting here today, I don't know that I would expect any sort of large transactions in the near-term.
Mark Connelly: Okay, that makes sense. And just a question on Russell's role. Do you expect his work to change the way you've managed real estate and natural resources? We tend to think of that as generating steady cash flow, but are you looking to try to substantially grow that business over time?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, the short answer is yes, definitely. When we think about what we're asking Russell to do, I mean, there is a piece of it that obviously continues to be the HBU land sales that we've been doing for a while. The energy and natural resources, construction materials, that will continue to be a part of it, but what we're really excited about is looking across the portfolio and better leveraging some of these additional opportunities. Great example is around natural climate solutions. So, whether you think about carbon opportunities, whether you think about mitigation banks, just a whole host of opportunities that we have owning so much land, there is just inherent optionality when you have a large land base like we do. And one of the things that we're really excited about with Russell stepping into this role is to further take advantage of some of that optionality. So, we're really excited. He's only been in the role for a couple of months, but I think you're going to see some real traction on this front over time.
Mark Connelly: That's super. Thank you, Devin.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Devin, first, the infrastructure bill. You made comment to that, how that could be a positive catalyst, and I realize nothing is finalized. But kind of big picture, is that potentially a meaningful dial mover for wood products demand and kind of what's your assessment there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think it could be a nice little tailwind for us, Mark. You think about a couple of things that we've seen in the infrastructure bill. Obviously, there is a housing component that is embedded in the infrastructure bill. And so, incremental housing demand obviously is supportive for the industry in driving incremental demand. But even when you look more broadly, roads, highways, bridges, other infrastructure, certainly a lot of that is going to be concrete and steel. But you do have incremental demand anytime you have infrastructure spending with concrete forms and just other incremental lumber or plywood or OSB that you see when those projects are put out. And so, just kind of a rough order of magnitude guess from our standpoint is, if this does get passed and not even considering necessarily the housing piece, you could see another 1 billion, 1.5 billion board feet of incremental demand on the lumber side coming out of an infrastructure program. And so, we'll dial that estimate in as we get closer and get more clarity on what an infrastructure bill looks like. But I do think that if you see a bill of this magnitude come to fruition, it's going to have incremental demand implications for our industry.
Mark Weintraub: Great, that's really helpful. Second, we hear quarter after quarter of late, lumber prices, fantastic, going up and then we hear log prices in the South comparable to last quarter. What's it going to take to potentially change that? And kind of likewise, are timberland values themselves presumably tied to log prices? And in that context, as you're looking at the M&A pipeline in timberlands, are you seeing any changes or is it still looking fairly similar to what it has been in prior months and quarters?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think at a high level, the reality is many of the markets across South are still over-supplied from a log standpoint. And so, when we think about what's going to change that, it's couple of things. One, it is continued capacity coming into the South and we've seen a lot of that. We continue to see announcements coming in for new mills being built in the South. Lumber, we see pellet mills coming into the South. So, the trajectory is right, I think also to the extent that you have land that's approximate to ports, I feel really optimistic about the export opportunity. We're seeing great demand into China, India is a growing market. We're sending chips into Turkey. So, I think there are opportunities to continue to expand the pulp into offshore markets. And so, that can have a tensioning effect. But really the third piece Mark is just time. We need some time for these new mills to come onboard and to chew through some of the inventory. And so, that's something that will continue to happen. It's going to be differential by market. Again, when you think about places like Pine Hill, Alabama or your spots in Louisiana and Arkansas and South Carolina, North Carolina, where you've seen some capacity come in, you see things starting to tighten up a bit in the local area, but really, it's something that's going to take some time to work through and it will be differential. One note I would make on that front; while Southern -- average Southern sawlog prices across the South is moderately interesting to us, what's really interesting is what's happening in the wood baskets where we have fee timberland. And so, I can tell you, and this goes back to something that Russell and his team are working, we want to make sure that when new mill capacity comes into the South that it's being cited in the geography that fits well with our fee timberland. So, we're having lots of conversations with people about how we can help them if they decide to put a mill in a geography that's a place where we have fee timberland. So, we're working all of those things. As you think about how does that translate into M&A, it's differential. Most of the players in the market are pretty astute in terms of understanding local supply-demand dynamics. So, people will bake in what they think is going to happen in that wood basket over time as they put valuations into their model.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you, Devin. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Kurt Yinger with DA Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kurt Yinger: Yes. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Kurt Yinger: Good morning. I just wanted to start off on the EWP front. Obviously, some more room to run as far as pricing in Q2. Just given kind of the timing lag and what you've already announced, is there any way you could kind of frame how much incremental price you kind of expect over 2021? And then with the most recent announcement, is that primarily something that's going to be relegated to 2022 or could you start to see some benefits from that this year as well?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, just high level as you think about the timing to rollout a price increase, and as we mentioned we had one last summer, we had another one in January and then you had another one in March. And typically that takes a couple of quarters to really start rolling through in a meaningful way. The March increase, we'll start getting a little bit of that in Q2, but we'll get more of that, the majority of that as you get into Q3. So, when you think about 2021 as a whole, certainly the vast majority of the August 2020 price increase will be included in 2021. I would say most of the January will be included in 2021 and the March price increase we'll start getting more of as we get into the back half of the year.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then my second one. You indicated that at the end of the first quarter, you're about 40% through your salvage plans in Oregon. Could you update us on the timing of when that will be kind of fully complete based on your plans and perhaps talk about what type of mix impact that might have had on Western realizations in the quarter?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So, we're doing a good job getting through that salvage operation. I mean, that is a monumental effort. When you think about 125,000 acres that were impacted by the fire, that's a bigger impact than we saw Mount Saint Helens just to put it in the context. And so, the team has done a great job of organizing contractor and trucking availability in the region, so we can get after that quickly. Our expectation is that we are going to get through the vast majority of the salvage work in 2021. So, I would expect to have that mostly complete this year. We're obviously trying to get at it as fast as we can, so that we can make sure we're capturing the maximum value of those salvage logs before you start to see any sort of degradation in the wood. So, we're going to be trying to do as much as we can in Q2 and Q3. And that really has a few impacts, one of which, to your question is, it does have an impact on mix because we're harvesting a lot of acres that are younger than ordinarily would be the case. And so, that adds smaller diameter logs into the market. And what we're seeing primarily in Oregon is the mix of log volume into the market is a lot more smaller log, that's the truth -- that's the case for us, but it's also I think broadly speaking the case in the market. So, that brings realizations down a little bit and that'll be a little bit of a headwind in Q2 and Q3. The flip side of that is that puts a bit of a premium on larger logs into the system. And so, you're seeing a little bit of an uplift there. So, I think it's going to be a little bit of a headwind, Q2, Q3, which is why we said domestic pricing in the West is going to be down a little bit in Q2. That's really just a function of those smaller salvage logs going into the market. The one other point I would just make there is, as you think about 2021 for us in the West, salvage logging is obviously a little bit more expensive. And so, there's a little bit of a cost headwind in the West for the next couple of quarters as well.
Kurt Yinger: Got it. Okay, great. Well, appreciate the color and good luck here in Q2.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Devin, and welcome to Weyerhaeuser Nancy. Nancy Loewe Thank you.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Quinn: Yes. I'm mystified, so you just put up great Q1 results, Q2 is looking significantly better. Operations, as far as I've covered the company in the last 15 years, have never run as well as they are right now. Stock is down 6%, well below now, so shareholders can't be happy. And I'm just wondering, if you consider changes to the portfolio now or is it just too early?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, just with respect to today's stock prices, our focus is much more on what happens over the long-term. And when we think about how we're running the business, the assets that we have, the cash that we're generating, the supplemental dividend that's building, I think that will resolve itself over time. So, we're really more focused on the long-term. And I'd say with respect to the portfolio, by and large, we like the businesses that we're in. We've done a lot of work to improve our operating performance. You can see that in our relative margins really across our businesses. We're generating a lot of cash. We think we still have opportunities to improve. You can see that in the OpEx target we have for 2021. So, we think we're doing a lot to improve the business. And I think certainly over time, that's going to get reflected in the stock as we continue to build value in what we're doing. So, we're always looking at the portfolio, Paul. It's something we've done a lot of over the years. I think on the timberlands side, we'll continue to try to optimize. But at least as of right now, we like the businesses that we're in.
Paul Quinn: All right. Best of luck.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you. All right, I think that was our final question. And so, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Stay safe everyone, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations and Enterprise Planning. Thank you, Ms. Baum. You may begin.
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2020 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com.  Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website.  On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported full year GAAP earnings of $797 million or $1.07 per diluted share, on net sales of $7.5 billion. Excluding special items, our full year 2020 earnings totaled $962 million or $1.29 per diluted share.  Adjusted EBITDA was $2.2 billion, more than 70% increase over full year 2019 and the highest EBITDA performance in nearly 15 years. For the fourth quarter, we reported GAAP earnings of $292 million or $0.39 per diluted share, on net sales of $2.1 billion. Excluding net after-tax charges of $69 million for special items, we earned $361 million or $0.48 per diluted share for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $657 million, or more than 150% higher than fourth quarter 2019.  I'd like to open this morning by expressing my sincere gratitude to our employees for their exceptional performance, dedication, resiliency and flexibility in 2020. Our people maintained a safety focus, continued to serve our customers and delivered strong results in the face of unprecedented operating and market challenges. All of our businesses executed exceptionally well, further strengthening our unrivaled portfolio of assets, improving our industry-leading operating performance and positioning the company to drive superior long-term value for shareholders.  I'm extremely proud of our accomplishments in 2020, which included: delivering a record-breaking $1.5 billion of adjusted EBITDA from our Wood Products segment, a more than $1 billion increase over 2019; capturing approximately $100 million of company-wide operational excellence improvements, significantly exceeding our annual target; achieving record low controllable manufacturing costs in our lumber operations; strategically upgrading our Oregon Timberland Holdings; reducing gross debt by more than $900 million; introducing a new dividend framework that is sustainable across market cycles; reducing employee and contractor serious injuries by over 50%; and launching a new sustainability strategy.  Before I discuss fourth quarter business results, let me first make some comments on the housing market. U.S. housing activity continued its torrid pace throughout the fourth quarter, with no seasonal slowdown in building activity. Total U.S. housing starts averaged 1.6 million units for the fourth quarter on a seasonally adjusted basis, an improvement of 11% over the third quarter.  Single-family starts were the primary catalyst, improving nearly 20% quarter-over-quarter. Single-family now represents approximately 80% of new residential construction activity compared with 66% one year ago. Additionally, housing permits have surged to the highest level since before the Great Recession, reaching a seasonally adjusted 1.7 million units in December.  As we progress into 2021, we expect numerous macroeconomic tailwinds will continue to drive favorable U.S. housing activity, including a post-COVID preference for larger single-family homes, supported by ongoing work-from-home flexibility, mortgage interest rates near record lows, strong homebuilder confidence, record low inventory for existing home sales, demographic trends that support growing millennial homeownership while older adults are deciding to age in place, and the possibility of a federal tax credit for first-time homebuyers under the Biden administration.  U.S. homebuilders are seeing strong demand in January, with months of backlog, and this supports what we are hearing anecdotally from our customers.  Certain cautionary headwinds are worth noting, most notably, constraints relating to building materials as well as lot and labor availability challenges for homebuilders. However, the housing backdrop appears increasingly favorable, and we anticipate 1.45 million housing starts in 2021, primarily driven by continued strength in single-family activity. With an aging housing stock, rising home equity and low interest rates, we expect repair and remodel activity will also remain strong in 2021. Collectively, we expect these positive housing dynamics to be a tailwind for our businesses over the next several years.  Turning now to our fourth quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands on Pages 7 through 9 of our earnings slides. Timberlands' adjusted EBITDA increased by $37 million compared to the third quarter. Earnings increased by $297 million, which included a $182 million gain on the previously announced sale of certain Southern Oregon Timberlands. Western Timberlands' adjusted EBITDA increased $30 million compared with the third quarter, primarily due to higher average sales realizations for domestic and Japan export logs.  In the western domestic market, demand remained favorable throughout the quarter as mills sought to take advantage of strong lumber prices and replenish lean inventory positions following the severe fire season. Log markets were tight to start the quarter, particularly in Oregon, where some harvest operations were slow to come online as landowners prepared for salvage activity. As salvage operations commenced, log supply improved and pricing for smaller diameter logs softened, primarily in markets with significant salvage activity.  Our fee harvest volume increased by 9% compared with the third quarter as we fully resumed harvest operations and initiated salvage activity on our affected Timberlands in Oregon. We are not experiencing any downgrades and realizations on our salvage logs. Log and haul costs increased modestly during the fourth quarter due to higher safety and operational requirements, moderately lower yields and increased hauling distances to market, all associated with salvage logging activity in Oregon.  Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs strengthened through the fourth quarter as housing activity improved and robust U.S. domestic lumber markets reduced the availability of imported lumber. Our Japanese log sales volumes and realizations increased significantly compared with the third quarter. Similar to Japan, the market for U.S. logs strengthened in China in the fourth quarter as container availability reduced the supply of European salvage and Australian imports were restricted due to pest issues. Our sales volumes to China increased significantly over the third quarter and average realizations increased slightly.  Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands' adjusted EBITDA increased $2 million compared with the third quarter. Southern sawlog markets improved modestly in the fourth quarter, as strong lumber and panel pricing drove steady demand and wet weather limited log supply in some Atlantic Coast markets. Fiber markets in most areas softened slightly as seasonal maintenance outages reduced demand, although the Atlantic markets remained more tensioned due to limited log availability.  Our fee harvest volume was slightly lower in the third -- slightly lower than the third quarter as we completed less spending activity due to the unusually wet October weather. Average sales realizations were comparable to the third quarter as improved realizations for sawlogs were offset by slightly lower fiber log realizations. Northern Timberlands' adjusted EBITDA increased $2 million compared with the third quarter, partially due to slightly higher sales realizations for hardwood logs.  Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, Pages 10 and 11. Real Estate and E&R contributed $14 million to fourth quarter earnings and $23 million to adjusted EBITDA. For the full year, the segment generated $241 million of adjusted EBITDA, slightly more than our revised full year guidance. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $37 million lower than the third quarter due to timing of transactions. Similar to 2019, our Real Estate sales activity in 2020 was heavily weighted toward the first half of the year. Average price per acre was up significantly compared to the third quarter and the year ago quarter due to transaction mix. Fourth quarter 2020 included an unusually high proportion of high value, small parcel transactions.  Wood products, Pages 12 and 13. Wood Products contributed $481 million to fourth quarter earnings and $530 million to adjusted EBITDA. I'm incredibly proud of our strong performance in Wood Products this year, despite significant operational disruptions and challenges from the pandemic. In 2020, our lumber and OSB businesses delivered the highest full year adjusted EBITDA on record. And our distribution business generated the highest adjusted EBITDA in over 15 years.  In the fourth quarter, demand remained strong across our product lines, with robust new residential construction activity, a limited seasonal slowdown in repair and remodel and favorable weather conditions for construction. Benchmark lumber prices entered the quarter at record levels, but declined sharply through October, as repair and remodel activity began to ease and buyers limited replenishment in expectation of a seasonal slowdown in housing. As the quarter progressed, strong construction activity, lean inventories and concerns about COVID-related supply disruptions drove buyers to step back in and pricing improved through December. On average, the framing lumber composite decreased 9% in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter.  OSB markets performed at a stronger pace, with pricing softening only modestly in late November and rebounding shortly thereafter. Average OSB composite pricing increased 18% compared with the third quarter. EBITDA for lumber decreased $109 million compared with the third quarter. Average sales realizations decreased by 10% and Western and Canadian log costs increased significantly. Sales volumes were comparable to the third quarter.  OSB delivered a record $220 million of EBITDA during the fourth quarter, surpassing the prior record by $60 million, which was established just last quarter. Average sales realizations improved by 27%. Operating rates decreased compared with the third quarter. And unit manufacturing costs increased as we completed planned maintenance shutdowns at 4 of our OSB mills.  Engineered wood products' EBITDA decreased by $21 million compared to the third quarter as a result of higher raw material costs, primarily for oriented strand board web stock. Average realizations for solid section and I-joists improved slightly as we began to capture the benefit of our third quarter price increases.  In distribution, EBITDA decreased $13 million compared to the third quarter due to a modest seasonal reduction in sales volumes. Despite this reduction, our current distribution business established a new fourth quarter EBITDA record as demand remained above what is typical for this time of year.  Now I'd like to turn to operational excellence. Our employees continued an unwavering commitment to OpEx despite a very challenging operating environment. In 2020, our teams delivered approximately $100 million of margin improvements, exceeding our $50 million to $70 million target, while also capturing meaningful opportunities to enhance future value, avoid future costs and improve efficiencies across our enterprise.  In Timberlands, business -- our Timberlands business delivered $43 million of OpEx improvements in 2020, with notable contributions from initiatives to increase mechanized harvesting in the west, implement machine planting in the south and optimize our southern fertilization activity. The business also created significant future value through initiatives to reduce reforestation turnaround time, further enhanced seedling survival rates and improve data capture and analysis capabilities through expanded use of drones and LIDAR technology.  Wood Products captured $50 million of OpEx enhancements through a continued focus on controllable costs, mill reliability and enhanced product mix. This enabled us to achieve multiple operating records and milestones despite fluctuating operating postures in response to the pandemic.  For example, our lumber business achieved record low controllable manufacturing costs for the second consecutive year, and our OSB mills increased reliability and delivered record production volumes. The business has also avoided future costs through procurement and efficiency initiatives. In addition to these achievements, we captured $13 million of cross-business OpEx that improved margins in both Timberlands and Wood Products. Examples include an ongoing effort to ensure that every log we sell internally is routed to its most value-accretive mill, strategically flexing harvest volume to our internal mills to reduce out-of-log downtime. And flexing our wood products procurement to consume additional fee harvest logs during the pandemic-related market disruptions.  As we look forward to 2021, we're targeting another $50 million to $75 million of OpEx improvements across our businesses. And I'm excited to see the creativity, innovation and collaboration that emerges as we continuously strive to deliver industry-leading operating performance across all business segments.  I'll now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our first quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Devin, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin our key financial items, which are summarized on pages 15 and 16. Cash from operations totaled $444 million for the fourth quarter and over $1.5 billion for the full year. This is our highest fourth quarter operating cash flow since 2007, and our strongest full year operating cash flow since 2005. We invested a portion of this cash back into our Timberlands and Wood Products businesses through capital expenditures, which totaled $281 million for the full year. Adjusted funds available for distribution, or FAD, for 2020, totaled $1.24 billion, as highlighted on Page 16.  We used a significant portion of this year's adjusted FAD to reduce our debt outstanding. During the fourth quarter, we redeemed our $500 million 4 5/8% notes that were due September 2023. We incurred a $58 million pretax charge on the early extinguishment, which is included in our results as a special item. We ended the year with just under $5.5 billion of total debt outstanding, which is a reduction of approximately $900 million in 2020.  This activity, in addition to strong 2020 EBITDA performance, has substantially improved our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, which, at the end of 2020, was 2.3x compared to a high of 4.9x at the end of 2019. With this reduction, our leverage ratio is comfortably below our target of 3.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA over the cycle. We also have cash earmark to repay our $150 million, 9% note when it matures in the fourth quarter of 2021. After repayment of this note, we will have no additional debt maturities until late 2023.  In addition to improving our leverage, we returned over $380 million to shareholders during the year, which included reinitiating the dividend with a $0.17 per share base quarterly dividend, which was paid in the fourth quarter 2020. Overall, we ended the year in a strong financial position, with a sustainable dividend framework and a debt structure that is appropriate over the cycle and supports our solid investment-grade credit profile.  Turning now to our key outlook items for the first quarter and full year 2021, which are summarized on Pages 17 and 18. In our Timberlands business, we expect first quarter net earnings and adjusted EBITDA to be slightly higher than the fourth quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, we expect our first quarter domestic log sales volumes will be comparable to the fourth quarter. Domestic mill inventories ended the fourth quarter at moderate levels, and log demand in the West remains favorable due to strong lumber markets. We expect first quarter domestic average sales realizations will be slightly below the fourth quarter average. We anticipate the first quarter fee harvest volumes will be comparable with the fourth quarter. We also expect Western road spending will be lower compared to the fourth quarter as our roadwork activity slows during the winter months.  We revised our 2021 Western harvest plan to focus Oregon salvage activities, and we currently anticipate salvage wood will comprise nearly half of the 2021 Western harvest volume.  We'll be front-loading this activity as we are not currently experiencing any price erosion for our salvage logs. Additionally, unit log and haul costs are expected to increase slightly compared to the fourth quarter. The salvage activity results in lower efficiency and increased hauling distance to market.  Moving to the export markets. In Japan, our first quarter average sales realizations and average sales volumes are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. Log demand remained strong as Japanese housing activity improved in the fourth quarter, and lumber imports to Japan remain limited. Chinese export log sales realizations and average log sales volumes are expected to be slightly higher in the first quarter. Demand remains solid, supported by an improving economy, government infrastructure spending and continued disruptions in the supply of log imports.  In the South, we anticipate fee harvest volumes will be higher than fourth quarter following the conclusion of our 2020 harvest reductions. Additionally, we expect average log sales realizations will be comparable to the fourth quarter. In the North, average log sales realizations are expected to be comparable to fourth quarter, while fee harvest volumes are expected to be slightly lower.  Turning to our full year harvest plan. For the full year 2021, we expect total company harvest volume will be approximately 34.5 million tons. We expect our southern harvest volumes will be up approximately 10%, and as we resume a more normalized level of activity following our 2020 pandemic-related harvest reductions. In the West, we expect our harvest volumes will be approximately 5% lower. This reflects the lower productivity on our salvage logging operations. We expect Northern harvest volumes to be moderately lower than 2020. This reflects the divestiture of our Montana Timberlands and softer demand for northern fiber logs.  I'll wrap up the Timberlands segment with a few comments on our fourth quarter Oregon Timberlands transactions. As Devin indicated, fourth quarter included a gain of $182 million on the sale of 149,000 Southern Oregon acres, which was reported as a special item. We reported a cash inflow of $381 million related to this sale and a cash outflow of $425 million for the purchase of 85,000 acres in mid-coastal Oregon Timberlands. The net cash outflow for these 2 transactions was $44 million.  Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Interest in our Real estate Properties remain strong. A shifting societal preferences during this time are driving robust demand for real recreational properties. We expect full year 2021 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $255 million. And we anticipate the cadence of our 2021 real estate activity will be similar to our cadence in both 2019 and 2020. Land basis as a percentage of real estate sales is expected to be approximately 45% to 55% for the year.  For the first quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA for this segment will be modestly lower than first quarter 2020 due to the timing of transactions. We expect net earnings, however, to be slightly higher than the first quarter 2020 due to mix.  For our Wood Products segment, new residential construction activity carried forward from the fourth quarter at very favorable levels, and our builder and dealer customers are anticipating a strong first quarter. In repair and remodel markets, demand is expected to remain solid as rising home equity, continued work-from-home trends and an aging housing stock drive continued interest in home remodeling and upgrades. Channel inventories remain generally lean, with limited purchasing in advance of the spring building season. Excluding the effect of changes in average sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board, we expect first quarter adjusted EBITDA will be significantly higher than the fourth quarter.  Production volumes within our OSB and engineered wood businesses are expected to increase during the quarter, following the completion of planned maintenance in the fourth quarter. We expect improved manufacturing costs across our product lines and slightly higher sales volumes, primarily for lumber and engineered wood products, while costs should be comparable to the fourth quarter.  Entering the first quarter, benchmark pricing for oriented strand board reached a new peak in January, and the framing lumber composite is also at near-record levels. For lumber, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $210 higher, and current realizations are approximately $250 higher than the fourth quarter average. For OSB, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $55 higher, and our current sales realizations are approximately $70 higher than the fourth quarter average.  As a reminder, for lumber, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis.  For engineered wood products average sales realizations for our solid section and I-joist products will be modestly higher as we capture the benefits of price increases announced in August 2020 and January 2021.  Turning now to the major components of our unallocated items as summarized on Page 14. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $3 million lower than the third quarter, with unfavorable variances from elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO and the effects of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by lower variable compensation expense. The charge for the elimination of intersegment profit and inventory on LIFO was primarily driven by a seasonal increase in log inventories at the end of the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, when inventories were below normal levels.  Moving to pension. In the fourth quarter, we completed the purchase of a group annuity contract, which transfers approximately $765 million of our U.S. pension liabilities to an insurance carrier. Contract purchase was funded from our U.S. pension plan assets, with no company cash contribution required. As a result of this transaction, fourth quarter special items included a $253 million noncash pretax settlement charge. The transaction is the latest in a series of actions taken to reduce our pension plan obligations.  We have now settled nearly $3 billion since the beginning of these efforts in 2018. For our pension and post-employment plans, the year ended 2020 funded status decreased by approximately $200 million compared to 2019, driven primarily by lower discount rates. Discount rates decreased by approximately 90 basis points for the U.S. plans and approximately 60 basis points for the Canadian plans. Cash paid for pension and post-retirement plans in 2020 was $30 million. In 2021, we do not anticipate any cash contributions to our U.S. qualified plan. Our required cash payments for all other plans will be approximately $25 million.  Excluding our fourth quarter settlement charge, our noncash, nonoperating pension and postretirement expense was $37 million in 2020. We expect to report approximately $35 million of expense in 2021. I'll wrap up with a few additional outlook items highlighted on Page 18. Our full year 2020 interest expense, before special items, was approximately $350 million. This excludes our early extinguishment of debt charges of $92 million. We expect interest expense will be $315 million for the full year 2021.  Turning to capital expenditures. We expect total CapEx for 2021 will be approximately $420 million, which includes $115 million for Timberlands, inclusive of reforestation costs, $300 million for Wood Products and $5 million for planned corporate IT system investments. Wood Products' CapEx is increasing as we undertake some of the high-return capital projects deferred last year, and began a multiyear project to modernize our strategic hold in Louisiana sawmill. Similar to the highly successful rebuilds of our Dierks and Millport sawmills, this project will significantly reduce the mill's cost structure, enhance its product mix to better serve market demand and optimize the equipment to more efficiently process logs from our adjacent timberlands. These improvements will also result in approximately 100 million board feet of additional production capacity. This will begin ramping up in 2023 when the project is completed.  Turning now to taxes. Our full year 2020 effective tax rate was 20%, excluding special items. For the first quarter and full year 2021, we expect our effective tax rate will be between 18% and 22% before special items based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. For cash taxes, we paid in net $76 million for the full year 2020. As previously discussed, we expect to receive a $90 million refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution in mid-2021. Excluding this refund, we expect our 2021 cash taxes will be generally comparable to our overall tax expense.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Devin, and I look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Russell. In closing, I want to, again, thank our employees for their dedication, flexibility and adherence to our company values in 2020, despite being tested personally and professionally in ways that, frankly, weren't imaginable at this time last year. Notwithstanding these challenges, we achieved remarkable operating results, and I'm very pleased with the progress we made on numerous strategic initiatives. Looking forward, I'm excited by the opportunities in front of us this year. U.S. housing market has accelerated sharply, and we believe that strong macroeconomic and demand fundamentals will continue to support a favorable backdrop for our products.  The potential for a federal stimulus package from the new administration could also drive incremental demand for our products. Our manufacturing facilities are operating with unprecedented reliability and an industry-leading cost structure. We have a strong balance sheet and a dividend framework that enables us to return meaningful cash to shareholders across market conditions. In mass timber and climate Solutions, including potential opportunities relating to carbon, present exciting new sources of future demand.  Entering 2021, we're well positioned, and we remain steadfast in our pursuit to serve customers and create value for our shareholders through an unmatched portfolio of assets, industry-leading performance and disciplined capital allocation. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Devin, your southern log prices have been fairly flat over the past year, which kind of corresponds to the South-wide averages that we see from Timbermart-South. I'm just wondering, there seems to be some subregions of the South that are seeing real price tension and maybe some regions where prices seem challenged in the long term. I guess my question is, when we look sort of underneath the hood of that flat average price, is there any color you can give us on sort of the regional differences between what you're seeing maybe in your strongest submarket and weakest submarket?  And then you upgraded the Oregon footprint last year. With your balance sheet where it is, is there maybe a kind of a parallel opportunity or a bigger opportunity to upgrade sort of the regional footprint in the south?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Maybe I'll take that in a few different pieces. Just, at a high level, Anthony, you're right. We are still seeing issues in the south that really -- it goes back to the Great Recession with the oversupply that we've seen in a number of markets. As you note, that, obviously, differs somewhat by market. And it's always important to remember that supply and demand are very wood basket specific.  Now as I would say, the good news is that we've seen a fair amount of new capacity coming into the South, about 6.5 billion board feet of new capacity over the last several years, some recent announcements on some new capacity. A couple of those are in wood baskets that should be very favorable to us, the [indiscernible] mill, Idaho Forest products mill in Mississippi. And we're expecting continued new capacity coming into the south in the coming years.  When we think about the submarkets, a thing to remember is that our business has scale across all major markets. And this really allows us to take advantage of stronger markets, such as the Atlantic region, really from Florida up through North Carolina. We have about 1.2 million acres in total across those regions. We're also starting to see some improvements in certain markets and other regions, Southern Arkansas, Central Mississippi, North Central Louisiana, some areas of Georgia and Alabama.  We're starting to see a little bit of tension in there that, I think, could continue to grow here over time. And then the other thing I would just mention is just the export markets in the South. As you know, back in 2018, we really had started ramping up our export programs primarily to China. With the tariff situation that came into play, we backed that off, but now the tariffs have come off. We've reaccelerated our export programs into China, picking up some India opportunities as well.  So that's another area, frankly, for those regions that have proximity to a port, to tension that up over time. With respect to the optimization work that we did in Oregon, that's work that is ongoing all the time. That's true in the West. It's true in the South. We've been doing that for quite a while, frankly, with Russell's new role and some of the work they're doing. I would expect that, that work will continue and perhaps even accelerate going forward. But again, we're going to continue to look for ways to drive value across our portfolio, and that will include optimization work for sure, both in the South and the West.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just switching gears. I mean, with Biden taking office, there have been kind of a flurry of announcements on the first-time homebuyer credit and environmental plan, stimulus, maybe more moderate approach to China. Of what you've seen, what could be the most meaningful for Weyerhaeuser near term? Is there anything that can really move the needle in 2021? And then maybe any thoughts kind of on the long term?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. As with the new administration, there are going to be some puts and takes, and we're watching that closely. Tax, regulatory policy, those are things that we look for really in any administration to see how that's going to impact our business. But I do think, as you noted, there are some real opportunities for us with the Biden Administration. You mentioned a couple of them. A more normalized trade environment where we can avoid tariffs into China will help us continue to accelerate our export programs into that market, which should be a positive. I think, on the immigration side, a little bit different policy, perhaps, could allow some additional labor, both into the homebuilder market, which is downstream for us, but also even in the forestry side. And I think that could be a benefit.  The infrastructure plan, we'll see how that progresses. But to the extent that we got a significant infrastructure plan through Congress, that's something that could spur some additional demand for our products.  And then I think the big thing is really just around the environmental policies that come out of the administration around global warming and climate change. And that's certainly something that, I think, will find its way into every aspect of policy under the new administration. And I think that's something that could have some incrementally positive benefits for us. Since that falls squarely within Russell's new responsibilities, maybe I'll ask Russell, anything you want to mention specifically on the carbon side?
Russell Hagen: Sure. I mean, clearly, the Biden Administration is going to focus on climate change, and we're seeing some of the policy specific to carbon, starting to get framed up and discussed. The early actions that they've taken demonstrates that this is going to be a focal point for them. So I would say at a federal level, I don't -- I'd be surprised if we saw a carbon tax or cap and trade type structure. I just don't think the political will is there to pull something off like that. But I do think we'll see policies supporting climate change mitigation across all the federal agencies. And that could come in the form of purchasing preferences for wood-based building because of the environmental benefits of that, solutions aimed at forest health and then recognizing the benefits of carbon stored in wood. And so I think those are all very positive, not only for Weyerhaeuser, but for the industry as a whole.  So again, as they continue to focus on this area, we'll see more innovation, and we'll see markets continue to mature. And I think that's beneficial, again, for the industry and for Weyerhaeuser, in particular.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Congratulations on the results. I wanted to start with a top-down question for you related to housing and kind of the ultimate impact on demand. So you enumerated a number of things, demographics, the move towards larger single-family homes and these sorts of things. I would also imagine a benefit to housing would be hopefully improved employment and wages for that matter, too. That said, some of our contacts are beginning to get a little bit worried about affordability based on rates moving higher and home prices moving up even more quickly. So I acknowledge that the answer is probably going to be all of the above, but of the things that you talked about in your opening comments, what gives you the most confidence that housing can continue to move higher? What gives your customers that confidence, given what's been a little bit of a spike in the wrong way in terms of affordability?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And I think you note the affordability piece is going to be a headwind. There's no question about that. In terms of just the confidence, though, around the building environment right now, it just -- it starts with overwhelming demand for homes. There is virtually no existing home inventory for sale at present. The new home inventory for sale is pretty low. And I think we've just hit a point where, whether it's specific to COVID or whether it's just the demographic trends have finally reached that inflection point, there's just a significant amount of demand in really all markets that we participate for more housing. And the builders are really -- they're confident that they're going to have a lot of building activity this year.  Certainly, I think to the extent that interest rates can stay relatively low in the near term, which seems to be the federal policy at present, that will be supportive. But in any event, it goes back to some of the things we've been talking about for years, which is, we've been massively underbuilding in the United States for over a decade. We need to build millions of homes over and above just kind of keeping pace with normal demand just to get back to even.  So I think there are a lot of tailwinds to support that, but you're exactly right. The affordability piece is the one that is going to have to be solved. But, in the near term, at least for 2021, we're feeling pretty positive about the construction setup for this year.
George Staphos: You had mentioned, switching gears a bit, this new sawmill project in Louisiana where you're rebuilding the mill much as you did with dirks and the other project, and you're adding about 100 billion board feet of capacity by '23. What else can you do across panels, across lumber to improve your ability to produce given, I imagine, in a lot of places you're more or less sold out. And as we just talked, demand looks like it's not stopping its growth anytime soon. What can you crank out of your mills, either with additional projects like Louisiana project or through productivity or additional shifts to get more capacity? And what kind of number would you put on that in terms of new capacity or creep?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So just a few comments there. Just really briefly a comment on hold in. This is a project that we're really excited about. This mill is very strategically located. It's situated very well in terms of serving some key customers. It's surrounded by a significant amount of our fee timberlands. This new mill configuration. It's going to allow us to improve the product mix from the mill. We've got a great employee base there. So we're really excited about this. I think this is going to be along the lines of our Dierks and Millport mill in terms of just really a very low-cost, highly efficient mill that's going to make some great lumber over time.  In terms of the ability to flex up for additional volume in the near term, we are very focused on improving mill reliability across our footprint. And that comes into play in a number of different instances. And a good example of that, right? Is on the OSB side, where we hit a production volume record in 2020, notwithstanding the fact that we took a fair amount of downtime in the spring. And so those reliability improvements will provide extra volume across the system. And that's equally true from a lumber and an EWP standpoint. So there's going to be some volume creep that comes through that. And we're continuing to invest back in our mills across the system as part of our CapEx program. But what I would note is that those capital programs are largely focused on reducing costs, improving reliability and driving efficiencies in the system as opposed to being directly focused at increasing our volumes.  And so that's a long-winded way of saying, we are adding another 100 million of volume from our holding project, continuing to ramp up Millport, so maybe another 50 million to 60 million board feet coming off of Millport this year. And then just some additional flex from continuing to run our mills well, at least that's the answer here in the short term.
George Staphos: No, that's good color, Devin. A last one, if I could ask, what was the effect of the maintenance outage activity in the fourth quarter in Wood Products? If you could give us some sort of guardrail on what that might have impacted your numbers by?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And so that was in our OSB business. And that really drove unit manufacturing costs up by $10 million to $15 million for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Thanks. Devin, it's hard to imagine where we were just 9 months ago.
Devin Stockfish: Well, that is an understatement, Mark. I think, for sure. It's been a wild ride in 2020.
Mark Wilde: Yes. Probably something good for all of us to keep in mind. Just following on George's question. Can you give us some sense then of, beyond that $10 million to $15 million of maintenance in the fourth quarter, what we have that's kind of helping you from just operations and throughput standpoint in wood in the first quarter?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So really, if you think about for Wood Products, Q4 to Q1, that's around $35 million net of any increases in OSB or lumber pricing. The majority of that, a little over half, is going to be on reduced manufacturing costs, and then the rest is going to be some incremental volume and a little bit of price as we recognize the increases in EWP.
Mark Wilde: Okay. That's helpful. And then if we continue on the current trajectory for the next 6 to 9 months, you're going to generate a lot, a lot of cash. Could you just give us some thoughts on how you would prioritize the use of tariff? Whether you might pull at supplement a dividend forward, whether you might be in the market repurchasing stock, whether you just would accumulate cash, what the priorities might look like?
Devin Stockfish: Well, we're optimistic that we are going to see strong markets over the course of 2021. And if that plays out, like you say, we're going to generate some very strong cash flow. As we've indicated with our new dividend framework, the plan is to return 75% to 80% of our 2021 FAD back to shareholders, both through the base dividend and then, ultimately, the supplemental dividend.  And any cash flow over and above that 75% to 80% of FAD would be available for growth, further debt paydown or, under the right circumstances, share repurchase. And so we'll continue to look at those opportunistically and allocate the cash to those opportunities that create the most long-term value for shareholders. And I would say Timberland's growth opportunities are an area that I would expect we'll continue to look closely at, both from just an optimization standpoint and growth more generally. But obviously, that's something that's dependent on finding the right deals that are accretive and strategic. And so we're going to continue to be very disciplined in that respect.  In terms of a potential interim supplemental dividend this year, as we mentioned, the new framework really anticipates that supplemental dividend is going to pay -- be paid out annually in Q1 for the prior year. And really, the reason for that is just to make sure that we're matching our variable dividend component to the cash flow that we're generating for the year. So generally, we're anticipating that, that first supplemental dividend would be paid in the first quarter of 2022 based on the 2021 cash flow. Now look, if things go really well, could there be a situation where we would consider some sort of interim supplemental dividend later in the year? Certainly, that's conceivable. I wouldn't shut the door on that definitively. But again, we're expecting that to be paid out annually in Q1 under most circumstances.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then the last one for me is just, we are more consolidation taking place in both wood products manufacturing with this West Fraser-Norbord deal. We're also seeing consolidation taking place in the building products distribution business. Can you help us think about the impact or implications of that for Weyerhaeuser's businesses?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So comment on West Fraser-Norbord and the BFS-BMC deals. On West Fraser-Norbord, we have a lot of respect for both of those companies. Both Ray and Peter have solid teams. They're both very well-run companies. I'm sure the combined company will be very well run. These companies are both customers and competitors for us. And so we're going to continue to do everything we can to be good suppliers for them on the log side. And then, obviously, we'll compete with them in the lumber and OSB markets.  The BFS-BMC merger, both of those businesses have been long-standing customers of Weyerhaeuser. We've had really good working relationships with both of these firms. Dave Flitman has put together a strong team from the combined firm. And I anticipate we'll continue to have a great relationship with BFS going forward. And we'll work with them as we always have, to help find ways to create value in their supply chain and for their customers.  I think, just on consolidation, generally, I'm sure that there are still some opportunities out there in the market for companies to create value for their stakeholders through consolidation. Timing specifics, those things are always hard to predict, but I wouldn't be surprised if there's continued consolidation in the markets.
Mark Wilde: But do you see any implication for you in those businesses or not?
Devin Stockfish: Well, I mean, so we're always looking for opportunities to create value as well. And so I wouldn't comment specifically on any deals, but we're always looking for opportunities to improve the value of our portfolio. If you're asking specifically about the West Fraser-Norbord or BFS-BMC deals, I don't think those are going to have a materially -- material impact on any of our businesses. We'll continue to work with them as we always have and compete with them as we always have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Devin, one question, kind of following up on actually both George and Mark. So if you were to ballpark what production in lumber and OSB for you guys in 2021 might be, how much of a pickup? And kind of as a part of that, was there much in the way of COVID disruptions, labor force disruptions that affected your production levels during the year?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. With respect to the second part of the question, the answer is yes. We did take some downtime in the spring really across all 3 of our businesses. And so that did have an impact on our overall volumes for the year. As we think about 2021 relative to 2020, I think it's safe to assume we'll have a few percentage points of increased volumes across those businesses really as a result of both continued focus on reliability, but also just with the 2020 comp being down a little bit due to that market-related downtime in the spring.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then shifting gears to 1 area where you used to make a lot more money and the question being, can that be happening again sooner rather than later? And that's in kind of the western timberlands, where, obviously, your export markets used to be a terrific driver. Given that 1.45 million housing start forecast you're anticipating, what does -- does it appear that, that basket might get more tension, and we might see some real price action there? Or what would be your thoughts at this juncture?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I think the short answer is, yes. With this level of housing activity, just as a general statement, the western market is, by far, the most tension market in the United States. And a big driver of what kept log pricing down for really all of 2019 and a portion of 2020 was depressed lumber prices. And so what we've historically seen, at least in the recent past, is much of the benefit of lumber prices increasing will go back to the woods in the form of log pricing. But obviously, people are not going to pay more for logs that caused them to be cash flow negative. And so when you have low lumber prices, that does put some restrictions on your ability to increase log prices.  But as we continue to see lumber prices stay at healthy levels, the tension in the market will remain. Certainly, we've seen strong export markets. Coming out of Q4 into Q1, we expect that to continue. That's a japan statement. That's a China statement. So the market tension is there. It's really just a function of what lumber prices are doing.  The only caveat to that, Mark, is just, there will be a dynamic going on in portions of Oregon this year as landowners work through their salvage volumes. And so one of the things that we're seeing here, probably in the near term, is that, as all of the landowners, ourselves included, are working through salvage activity, what that typically means is that you're harvesting some stands that are younger than you would normally harvest. And so as we're out and we're harvesting stands that are in the low 30s as opposed to 40 to 45, we are going to see more chip and saw really going into that market. So that may have a little bit of a depressive effect here for a portion of 2021. But overall, the wood basket in Washington and Oregon remains fairly tensioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with Stephens, Inc.
Mark Connelly: This is one of the first calls we've listened to where we haven't heard a lot of warnings about transportation and logistics. So I was wondering if you could just give us a sense of how that is playing out now? And what do you think that's going to become a bigger issue for you?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I'd say we didn't mention it specifically, but that does not mean that there aren't issues around transportation. Trucking availability in the south, in particular, is pretty tight and so a lot of companies are having some challenges finding trucking capacity in the South. The rail issues haven't been as significant this year as they have, in some years in the past, some tightness in certain geographies. But overall, not seeing the same magnitude of issue with rail. But again, I would say trucking capacity is a bit tight, particularly in the South, and folks are struggling somewhat with that.
Mark Connelly: That's still a pretty good situation to be in. And as you respond to the short-term market conditions in pulpwood, have you made or are you contemplating any substantial longer-term harvest plan changes? Or is it just too early way and see how much that goes back?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. As we think about -- this is primarily a southern statement because we have a much higher percentage of our logs that go into the pulp market in the South. As we think about our harvesting activity generally, we're looking at that on a regular basis because the point of how we manage our harvest is, obviously, we want to keep the growth in the harvest in balance over time. But on a year-to-year basis, we're looking at what's going on in the markets, and we're really trying to maximize the value of our timberlands over time.  And so as we think about 2021, as Russell mentioned, we are a little heavier to fiber in the South, and that's really catching up on some thinning backlog, which is really important from a silvicultural perspective, and we need to do that. But obviously, that does put a little bit more pulpwood into the market, and you don't get as many tons from thinning as you do from clear cutting. But the high-level answer is, we continue to look at that really on a year-to-year basis, looking at what's going on in the markets, what the different opportunities are for that wood.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson.
Kurt Yinger: Two quick ones. First in Wood Products, you talked about the drag from higher log costs in the quarter. Is there any way to maybe quantify what that looked like versus either Q3 or fourth quarter '19?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And that -- when we talk about the higher log costs, that's, obviously, primarily, in the West and in Canada. And the impact, for example, for lumber from the higher log cost in Q4 relative to Q3, within that $25 million to $30 million range. And so that's -- obviously, that benefits us as well. So we sell a lot of logs in the west. And so we get it in one pocket, but certainly, that was a little bit of a drag from a cost standpoint for the lumber business.
Kurt Yinger: Right. Okay. Makes sense. And then just lastly on engineered wood. Could you talk about how long you would expect to kind of fully get the August price increase in due realizations? And then I believe Russell noted an additional increase during January. I just wanted to make sure I heard that right and whether that was kind of a similar amount as the one in August as well?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. The January increase was 8% to 15%, and that varies by product and geography. And so we're in the process of rolling that through as a general matter with price protections that are building to contracts, et cetera, you usually get most of that within a year, the vast majority of it within 3 quarters and then just a little trailing, last a little bit within a year. But you'll get most of it within 6 months.
Operator: Our last question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: I guess, just an easy question. Devin, you're trading at quite a discount to your peers, Polo, Rainier, Mark, just wondering how you're going to make up that difference?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I think, obviously, a couple of things go into that. Number one, 2020 was an interesting year for us. We did take some action with respect to the dividend, putting a new dividend framework in place. And so I think there's -- some of that is people getting their minds around that. As you can imagine, we've had a lot of conversations with our investors since we rolled out that new dividend framework. Overall, I'd say the response has been pretty positive and supportive. I think people get the rationale and how it fits in with the business and the cash flows. But we still have to prove that out. And so I think that's a part of it. And we'll continue to look forward to delivering on the commitments that we made as part of rolling that new framework out.  So I think that's a piece of it. And certainly, we are in a position where we feel like the markets are pretty strong. They're going to be a tailwind for us. Our businesses are running really, really well. And so we're very well positioned to take advantage of that opportunity and generate a lot of cash, and we'll be giving most of that back to shareholders. And so, I think, as we deliver on that commitment, you should see that gap continue to close.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And just as a follow-up, any changes that you're anticipating on the portfolio side? And I just note that West Fraser-Norbord transaction over did put themselves up for sale in 2018, whether you looked at that asset?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So for us, I would say, we're always looking on the Timberland side to continue to optimize and grow that timber portfolio. That's something we do year in and year out, and something we will continue to do going forward. And I'm really excited about some of the work Russell is going to be doing in that space. And so that's probably the most likely portfolio moves that we're going to make would be on the Timberland side.  On the Wood Products side, I think we like the assets that we have. And so I wouldn't anticipate big portfolio changes necessarily on the Wood Products' side. If we found a mill here or there, sort of a small bolt-on acquisition in the Wood Products space, we would look at that if the price is right and it's in the right locale. But in terms of large acquisitions on the Wood Products' side, I'd say that's not currently our focus.  Well, I think that was the final question. So again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Stay safe, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations and Enterprise Planning. Thank you, Ms. Baum. You may begin.
Beth Baum: Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2020 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish : Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is well and staying healthy. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter results, reinitiated a quarterly cash dividend, and announced a new dividend framework consisting of a base dividend plus a variable supplemental dividend. I will begin by highlighting our third quarter results and then turn my focus to the dividend reinitiation. Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $283 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, a net sales of $2.1 billion. Excluding net charges of $103 million for special items, we generated earnings of $386 million, or $0.52 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $745 million in the third quarter. This is 93% higher than the second quarter and over 140% higher than a year ago. Each of our businesses delivered outstanding operational and financial results, despite disruptions caused by severe storms in the U.S. South, extreme fires in the Pacific Northwest and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. This strong operational and financial performance enabled us to deliver the highest operational cash flow since 2006 and take additional steps to meaningfully strengthen our financial position. I'll begin the discussion of our results with a few brief comments on the continued improvement in the housing market. U.S. housing activity rebounded sharply in the third quarter, supported by a growing preference for larger single-family homes in less urban areas. Total housing starts averaged over 1.4 million for the third quarter, an improvement of 33% over the second quarter. Single-family housing starts accelerated even more sharply, averaging over 1 million units for the quarter and reaching the highest level since 2007. On a seasonally adjusted basis, third quarter single-family starts improved by over 35% compared with the second quarter and over 15% compared with the third quarter of 2019. We are seeing similar levels of improvement in key leading indicators, single-family permits and new home sales increased nearly 40% compared with the second quarter and were up approximately 20% and 40% year-over-year, respectively. Single-family permits in September reached the highest rate since 2007 and builder confidence has reached all-time highs for two consecutive months. Repair and remodel activity has also remained robust, supported by do-it-yourself and professional activity and the remodeling industry's confidence has continued to increase. Several other fundamental factors also support our continued strong outlook for residential construction, including historically low mortgage rates, demographic tailwinds and an aging housing stock. Clearly, there remains room for caution, especially as it pertains to U.S. unemployment, the outlook for additional government stimulus, and the risk of further COVID-19-related disruptions as we approach the winter months. However, we are increasingly confident that the recent strength in U.S. housing and the repair and remodel segment will continue, notwithstanding ongoing macroeconomic headwinds. Turning now to our third quarter business results, starting with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 8 of our earnings slide. Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $10 million compared with the second quarter and earnings decreased by $86 million due to an $80 million non-cash timber casualty loss for Oregon fire damage. The 2020 fire season in the Pacific Northwest was one of the most extreme that we have experienced in many years. In early September, highly unusual weather conditions transformed fire activity in the State of Oregon for minimal to highly destructive in a few short days. Our thoughts are with everyone affected by this disaster, and I want to acknowledge all of the fire fighters, first responders, government and industry partners, as well as our Weyerhaeuser employees for their extraordinary work to save lives, protect property and contain the fires. As we previously disclosed, these wildfires spread on to our Oregon Timberlands, affecting approximately 125,000 acres to some extent. The magnitude of the damage to timber varies based on topography, age of the timber and many other factors. We have commenced salvage operations to maximize the value of the damaged timber, and Russell will discuss that more in a few minutes. The non-cash charge we recorded in the quarter represents the estimated book value of the timber and related assets that cannot be salvaged based on information available at this time. Moving on to our third quarter operating performance. Western Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $1 million compared with the second quarter. In the Western domestic market, demand was strong and pricing improved throughout the quarter, as mills sought to take full advantage of record lumber prices. Log supply tightened abruptly in the second half of the quarter, particularly in Oregon where wildfire shut down harvest operations in most of the state for several weeks. Our fee harvest volume decreased 15% compared with the second quarter as we lost 10 harvest days in Oregon and four days in Washington due to fire restrictions. As harvest operations resumed, our teams did a phenomenal job of managing the operational complexity of coordinating multiple firefighting efforts, while at the same time, rescheduling harvest operations and safely optimizing the deployment of dozens of logging and trucking crews to continue serving our customers. This includes our own mills, where we were able to leverage our integrated model and operational agility to ensure our Western mills did not lose a single shift due to out of log downtime. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs were soft early in the quarter due to continued slow housing activity and incremental effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Demand improved as the quarter progressed as Japan housing activity improved modestly and U.S. log availability was reduced by strong domestic lumber markets in Western fire activity. In China, average realizations were flat with the second quarter, and demand was solid. However, our sales volumes to China decreased significantly as we flexed volume to more profitable domestic opportunities. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands adjusted EBITDA decreased $8 million compared with the second quarter. Fee harvest volumes declined by 5% compared with the second quarter as we continued to implement the previously announced 10% reduction in full-year Southern harvest volumes. Although, the U.S. South experienced multiple hurricanes and tropical storms during the quarter, we incurred very minimal damage and lost almost no production days as we redeployed harvest crews to alternative parcels. Average log sales realizations were comparable to the second quarter. The Southern sawlog market experienced downward pressure in the quarter as favorable summertime logging conditions resulted in abundant wood supply. However, our average sawlog realizations improved slightly due to marketing and merchandising efforts associated with our operational excellence initiatives. This improvement, however, was offset by lower fiber log realizations in the quarter. In Northern Timberlands, adjusted EBITDA improved by $1 million compared with the second quarter due to seasonally higher harvest volumes as we exited spring breakup. Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, Pages 9 and 10. Real Estate and ENR adjusted EBITDA increased by $3 million compared with the second quarter but earnings decreased slightly due to a higher average land basis on the mix of properties sold. Real Estate sales increased slightly from the second quarter as an increase in the number of acres sold was largely offset by lower average price per acre due to mix. Third quarter again included some sale of low productivity acreage in Southern Oregon that we acquired with the Plum Creek merger. Results from Energy and Natural Resources were slightly higher than the second quarter due to seasonally higher production of construction materials. Wood Products, Pages 11 and 12. Wood Products delivered its strongest quarterly performance ever, contributing $566 million to third quarter earnings and $615 million to adjusted EBITDA. This exceeds the previous record EBITDA attained in 2018 by almost 60%. Our lumber, OSB and distribution businesses all delivered the highest quarterly results on record and engineered wood products achieved record third quarter results. Although these results were enabled by historic increases in commodity prices, they would not have happened without continued strong operational performance across the business. Through hurricanes and tropical storms in the South, extreme fire activity in the West and the ongoing impacts of the global pandemic, our teams have continued to deliver outstanding operating results and maintain record low controllable costs across multiple product lines. In the third quarter, demand vastly outstripped supply in virtually all of our product lines, driven by strong new residential construction and repair and remodel activity. With inventories lean across the channel, benchmark pricing for lumber and oriented strand board escalated rapidly until mid-September. Customers began to purchase more deliberately late in the quarter, particularly for lumber, as repair and remodel activity began to show some signs of the seasonal slowdown. However, order files remained extended for most products as the quarter closed, especially OSB and engineered wood products. In lumber, adjusted EBITDA was $260 million higher than the second quarter, as a 54% increase in average sales realizations was slightly offset by higher Western log costs. We incurred a small amount of weather-related downtime in the quarter due to wildfire smoke in the West and hurricanes in the South. In OSB, adjusted EBITDA increased by $119 million due to a 65% increase in average sales realizations and slightly lower manufacturing costs. Adjusted EBITDA for engineered wood products increased by $16 million. Sales volumes for solid section and I-joist products increased by 21% and unit manufacturing cost improved slightly. These improvements were partially offset by higher raw material costs for oriented strand board web stock. In distribution, adjusted EBITDA was $24 million higher than the second quarter. This is attributable to improved sales volumes and higher margins, including operational excellence initiatives. Turning briefly to operational excellence. Through three quarters, we've made excellent progress against our $50 million to $70 million full-year OpEx goal, and I'm confident we will achieve this target by year-end. I'm extremely proud of our teams for their continued focus and dedication to achieving our OpEx goal despite the disruptions caused by the pandemic in recent natural disasters. Let me now turn to capital allocation and the reinitiation of our quarterly dividend, Pages 14 to 16. We remain firmly committed to returning cash to shareholders as part of our balanced capital allocation philosophy. Early in the pandemic, we made the difficult decision to suspend our quarterly dividend to preserve financial flexibility. Since May, the Board has regularly reviewed opportunities to reinitiate an appropriate quarterly dividend. This review has taken into account a number of considerations, including our market conditions, the broader macroeconomic environment, the desire for dividend framework that will drive long-term shareholder value across market cycles. Over the past several months, demand for housing and Wood Products has proven resilient, even as macroeconomic headwinds continue. Our businesses have delivered strong operating and financial results through an unprecedented range of market conditions. And our outlook on the near-term business climate has improved markedly since late spring. Additionally, as Russell will discuss in more detail, we have taken a number of actions to significantly reduce leverage and strengthen our balance sheet. Accordingly, we are reinitiating a quarterly cash dividend. We are also adjusting our dividend framework to ensure that the dividend and our overall approach for returning cash to shareholders are both sustainable and appropriate for the Company's portfolio and the cash flow that we generate from our businesses across market cycles. In this framework, we are targeting an annual payout of 75% to 80% of adjusted funds available for distribution. This is comparable to the targets communicated as part of our prior dividend frameworks and underscores our commitment to returning a significant portion of our free cash flow back to shareholders. Going forward, however, our new dividend framework will include two components: we will pay a sustainable quarterly base cash dividend, and each year we will supplement that base dividend with an additional return of cash, as needed, to achieve the targeted 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD. We believe this new dividend framework will enhance our ability to return meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash to our shareholders across a variety of market conditions, while positioning Weyerhaeuser to deliver superior long-term value creation. The sustainable base dividend remains our core mechanism for returning cash. We are reinitiating this quarterly cash dividend at $0.17 per share. This base dividend payment, which totals approximately $127 million per quarter is supported by the cash flow from our Timberlands, Real Estate and ENR segments. We intend to grow this payment sustainably over time as segment cash flows increase. The second component of our dividend framework is a variable supplemental dividend. This will generally be an annual payment declared and paid in the first quarter based on cash flow generated during the prior fiscal year. We will apply this new supplemental dividend framework to our 2021 results and accordingly, we currently expect the first supplemental dividend will be paid in the first quarter of 2022 based on full-year 2021 adjusted FAD. We expect the supplemental dividend will be our primary tool for returning cash above and beyond the base dividend to achieve our targeted annual payout. However, we may also utilize opportunistic share repurchase to return cash under certain circumstances. Page 16 shows our adjusted FAD and adjusted EBITDA back to 2017, when our current portfolio was established. Timberlands, Real Estate and ENR results have been relatively stable over time, while earnings for our Wood Products business have fluctuated with lumber and oriented strand board pricing. The two-part base plus variable supplemental dividend framework will enable our shareholders to more fully benefit from the mix of cash flow profiles generated by our businesses. Shareholders will receive a stable income stream that is fully supported even in adverse market conditions and they will also benefit from significant upside and strong commodity markets through the variable dividend component. The remainder of our cash generation, that is the cash in excess of our base and supplemental dividends, will be deployed consistent with our stated priorities for opportunistic allocation. These priorities include value enhancing growth opportunities, liability management and opportunistic share repurchase. We are committed to allocating this excess cash in a disciplined manner to grow our base dividend and drive superior long-term shareholder value. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Devin, and good morning. I'll begin with our key financial items, which are summarized on Page 17. Cash from operations during the third quarter was $608 million, our highest operating cash flow since the fourth quarter of 2006. We used a significant portion of this cash to strengthen our balance sheet by redeeming some of our 2023 debt maturities. We ended the quarter with approximately $6 billion of total debt outstanding and strong liquidity, including the cash balance of $787 million and the full $1.5 billion capacity available on our revolver. Page 18 highlights actions we have taken to reduce our gross debt balance. During the third quarter, we redeemed $325 million, 3.25% notes that were due March 2023. We incurred a $23 million charge on the early extinguishment, which is included in our results as a special item. Earlier this week, we submitted notice that we will be redeeming in mid-December, our $500 million, 4.625% notes due September 2023. Following this repayment, our gross debt will be approximately $5.5 billion. We will have reduced our total debt by nearly $900 million since 2019 year-end. We have also significantly reduced our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, improving it by approximately 2 turns from the high of 4.9 times at the end of 2019 to 2.9 times at the end of the third quarter. Our leverage ratio now sits comfortably below our target of 3.5 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA over the cycle. As previously indicated, we have cash earmarked to repay our $150 million, 9% note when it matures in the fourth quarter of 2021. Today, we are operating from a strong financial position. And with the progress we have made on our debt reductions, particularly the 2023 maturities, we have reduced leverage to a level that we believe is appropriate and sustainable for the Company over the cycle and supports our solid investment-grade profile. Turning now to key outlook items for the fourth quarter, which are summarized on Page 19. In our Timberlands business, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA is expected to increase by approximately $20 million, compared to the third quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, we expect our fourth quarter domestic log sales volumes and domestic average sales realizations to be moderately higher than the third quarter. Log demand in the West remains favorable due to strong lumber markets and log inventories at domestic mills ended the third quarter on the lower end of the normal levels as log supply was restricted due to the extreme wildfire activity in September. This has resulted in improved pricing during the month of October. We expect market tension to moderate during the quarter as log supply improves and mills replenish inventories. We anticipate fourth quarter fee harvest volumes will be higher than the third quarter as we resume harvest operations following the third quarter fire restrictions, and begin to prioritize our salvage activity on affected Timberlands in Oregon. We are experiencing little downgrade in the quality of the salvage logs delivered to our customers and we do not expect pricing for the salvage logs to negatively affect our fourth quarter realizations. Unit log and haul costs will increase modestly compared to the third quarter. The salvage activity will result in lower productivity and increased hauling distance to market. We currently expect to complete a majority of our salvage operations over the next 12 months to 18 months and we'll recover a significant portion of the merchantable timber value. Although additional work is needed to determine the impact on our operations going forward, our preliminary expectation is that, our 2021 Western harvest volume will be roughly comparable to 2020, as we redeploy our current logging capacity into salvage activity. We'll provide you an update on our year-end earnings call. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, housing starts improved modestly in the third quarter. Demand for our logs has strengthened slightly. We expect fourth quarter sales volumes and realizations will increase compared to the third quarter. Chinese export log realizations are expected to be comparable in the fourth quarter. Log sales volumes will increase due to the timing of shipments. Demand for our logs remains solid, supported by improving economy and government infrastructure spending. In the South, we expect higher forestry expenditures in the fourth quarter as we complete work that was deferred during the third quarter hurricane -- due to the third quarter hurricane activity. Average log sales realizations will be slightly lower than the third quarter due to mix. We anticipate a higher proportion of fiber log sales as we complete additional plant thinning activity. Fee harvest volumes should be comparable to the third quarter. In the North, average log sales realizations should increased slightly with continued favorable demand for hardwood and softwood lumber. I'll now turn to the recently announced transactions to enhance our Oregon Timberlands holdings. In September, we entered into an agreement to sell 149,000 acres of Southern Oregon Timberlands for $385 million and a separate agreement to purchase 85,000 acres of mid-coastal Oregon Timberlands for $426 million. The net cost is approximately $40 million and we expect significant and sustained cash flow accretion from these transactions. We continue to expect these transactions will close in the fourth quarter and the Southern Oregon Timberlands are now shown on the balance sheet as held for sale. We expect to record a gain on the sale with no accompanying tax liability. The gain will be reported as a special item in our Timberlands business. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Interest in our real estate properties remained strong, the shifting societal preferences are driving increased demand for rural HBU properties. However, transactions remain slower to close due to extended timelines for financing and other key activities. We expect fourth quarter earnings for Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment will be approximately $10 million lower than the third quarter and we continue to expect full-year 2020 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $235 million. We anticipate land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be approximately 50% for the fourth quarter and approximately 70% for the full-year. For our Wood Products segment, new residential construction activity remains strong and our builder and dealer customers are optimistic moving into the winter months. In repair and remodel markets, we have seen some seasonal slowdown in demand for our products, but takeaway remains above historical averages for this time of year. Channel inventories remained generally lean with buyers limiting purchases to immediate needs. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect earnings and adjusted EBITDA for Wood Products will be lower than our record performance in the third quarter but above previous record set in the second quarter 2018. Excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations, we expect fourth quarter results will be significantly lower than the third quarter. We expect a modest seasonal reduction in sales volume, as well as higher Western and Canadian log costs and higher raw material costs for engineered wood products. We also expect lower operating rates for some product lines as we complete maintenance outages that were deferred early in the pandemic. The framing lumber composite has retreated from its late September peak but remains above the record levels of 2018. For lumber, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $15 higher and current realizations are approximately $50 lower than the third quarter average. Entering the fourth quarter, benchmark pricing for oriented strand board remains at record levels and our current quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $140 higher than the third quarter average. As a reminder, for every -- for lumber, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. For engineered wood products, average sales realizations for our solid section and I-joist products will be slightly higher, as we begin to capture the benefit of announced price increases. These increases generally range from 4% to 8% and will be captured over the next several quarters. We expect realizations for other engineered wood products will be lower than the third quarter average. Page 13 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. Third quarter included a $9 million non-cash charge from elimination of inter-segment profit in inventory and LIFO in the third quarter, compared to an $18 million benefit in the second quarter. The charge recorded in the third quarter was primarily driven by higher unit costs for log and lumber inventories across our businesses. Third quarter expense also included a year-to-date adjustment for performance-based incentive compensation. I'll wrap up with a few additional outlook items highlighted on Page 20. Including our $23 million special item related to the early extinguishment of debt, third quarter interest expense was $111 million. We now expect full-year 2020 interest expense will be approximately $350 million, excluding special items. This is $10 million lower than our prior guidance due to the reduction in our gross debt balance. Turning to taxes, we expect our full-year 2020 effective tax rate will be between 20% and 22% before special items, based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. We expect our full-year cash taxes will be lower than the overall tax expense, as we defer some payments into early 2021. And last, we now expect total CapEx for 2020 will be approximately $280 million. This is $10 million more than our prior guidance reflecting a few additional high-return capital projects in Wood Products, slightly lower Timberlands CapEx due to the third quarter fires and severe weather. Now, I'll turn the call back to Devin, and I look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish : Thanks, Russell. With our unrivaled portfolio of assets, strong operational performance, our financial strength and focused safety culture, we believe we're well positioned to capitalize on strong and growing fundamental demand for U.S. housing. We are committed to returning a meaningful portion of our resultant cash flow back to shareholders, and our new dividend framework positions us to deliver on our commitment in a way that is sustainable and appropriate across market cycles. Looking forward, we remained focused on industry-leading performance and discipline, prudent capital allocation to sustainably grow our base dividend and drive superior long-term value for shareholders. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari: Just a question --. Good morning. Just a question on the supplemental dividend. So you indicated you paid at the beginning of the year based on prior year's free cash flow. And I'm just curious in terms of any flexibility there. If you have a situation where you generated a lot of cash in year one, but heading into year two the outlook has deteriorated based on macro or market trends? Would you make the judgment call to pay out less or should we think of this as just kind of a mechanical payout that we should expect to get paid out regardless of market conditions?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. A couple of things on that. First, just with respect to the timing. The general approach under the new framework is to payout the supplemental dividend annually in Q1 based on the prior year's FAD. So, that would mean, Q1 2022. That being said, could there be a situation where we would consider an interim supplemental dividend during the year? Certainly, I think that's conceivable. We wouldn't shut the door on that possibility. But again, the general view is that, that's going to be paid out on an annually -- annual basis. With respect to the 75% to 80%, really that's going to be the target. And I think the benefit of this dividend framework is that, we're going to be in a position to payout 75% to 80% of FAD really across all different market cycles. Certainly, when we're in a down market, we think we have sufficient cash flow from the Real Estate, ENR and Timberlands business to cover that. And then when we see strong commodity markets like we're seeing today, obviously, there is a lot of upside with the supplemental piece.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then just, we're finally back to 1.4 million housing starts and you indicated your Southern sawlog prices ticked up in the quarter, I think, commercial and merchandising activities. I'm just wondering if you saw underlying kind of apples to apples price improvement in any regions of the South, especially with these saw mills running full out. And would you anticipate price improvement in 2021, assuming we stay at or above that 1.4 million starts level?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Anthony, we've historically talked about that in terms of housing starts. I think in retrospect, the more applicable look there is what's happening in supply and demand in each individual wood basket. And as you alluded to, some of those regions are more tension than others. And so, clearly, there are regions, say, the Atlantic Coast, North Carolina, some regions that just have a little bit more tensioning and you see a little stronger log pricing there. I do think, as we look out over the longer-term, obviously, we've seen a fair amount of sawmill capacity coming into the South over the last several years, call it, 5.5 billion, 6 billion board feet of new capacity. We've even seen a few new ones announced here just of late. I do think over the longer-term, you are going to continue to see sawmill capacity coming into the U.S. South. It's one of the best places, certainly, in North America, if not, the world to manufacturer lumber. And so, our expectation is that, over time, we'll continue to see more converting capacity come in and with each new mill that comes in, that has a tensioning effect in that particular wood basket. So, we do expect that to improve over time. I would say, obviously, housing repair and remodel activity is an important piece of that, and that it drives that in demand for lumber and other wood products. But ultimately, log prices are going to be based on the supply demand dynamic in that individual wood basket. So, I think we are optimistic that over time that will improve. I think it's just going to be slow going as each new mill comes in, and that will overall improve the supply demand dynamic over time.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
George Staphos : Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, George.
George Staphos: How are you doing? Congratulations on the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
George Staphos: My first question, given -- Anthony teed it up, I want to segue from that question and maybe the answer can be more or less the same, but given the supply constraints that you're seeing on the West, given the higher pricing that we're seeing for logs in the West, are you seeing any tangible evidence of maybe some substitution recognizing they're different regions, large distances between the two regions? From Douglas fir to Southern yellow pine and in turn any expectation that that might happen such that we see even more capacity come into the market too, ultimately, hopefully, tension the Southern markets more. Any thoughts on that would be helpful? And I had a couple of follow-on.
Devin Stockfish: Sure. Well, George, you don't really see much in the way of substitution between Southern yellow pine and Doug fir and that's generally just the builders have preferences with an individual species and they generally stick with that. So you don't see a lot of crossover. So the short answer to your question is really -- notwithstanding some of the pricing dynamics, you don't really see a whole lot of crossover between Doug fir and Southern yellow pine. I do think where you see a little bit more substitution is with the SPF and Southern yellow pine. And as we've seen, some of the SPF supply has come down due to the pine beetle up in Canada, I think we are seeing, in certain markets, Southern yellow pine gained market share over SPF and I would expect that would continue to be the case.
George Staphos: Okay. That's helpful, Devin, and a good reminder on that. One thing I want to go back to, I think it was Slide 10 you had the realizations on the price per acre that you're seeing within Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources. And there has been a general trend lower that you show on the chart in terms of the realizations are getting per acre. Any things that we should be taking away from that as we look out to '21 and '22? And it would seem like mix will stay relatively lower, not higher if, in fact, you're seeing more demand for rural land because what's been going on with COVID and the like the last six months. Any thoughts on that?
Russell Hagen: Yes. George, this is Russell.
George Staphos: Hey, Russell.
Russell Hagen: I would say that in '20 --. How are you doing, George? In 2020, we definitely had a higher mix of some properties in our Southern Oregon and these were legacy Plum Creek properties with a high basis. We had stepped those up at the time of the merger. And so, I think as you look forward into 2021 and 2022, you'll see a more kind of normalized pattern of the sales coming through the Real Estate program. So, again, it is definitely skewed in 2020 with those Oregon transactions.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks, Russell. My last question, I'll turn it over. If we look at the transaction that you [announced earlier], essentially this was in your wording, but trading land in Oregon you're effectively getting, I think from what we read better stock land and you're basically getting cash upfront versus cash later. Can you give us a bit more detail in terms of why you're selling one portion and buying another recognizing the deal hasn't closed and we might be limited in terms of what you can share there? Thank you. And good luck in the quarter.
Russell Hagen: Yes. George, I'll take that. When you look at what we're selling in our Southern operations, I would say that those were -- they're good timberlands, but they were not as strategic or as strategically located as the timberlands we're acquiring. And so, when you look at the timberlands we're acquiring, they're really well fitted for our current operating region there, and it also supports our export program and then it supports a couple of our mills within that region also. So, again, it's really a good trade for us. It fits our operations really well. They'll be cash-accretive, very strong cash accretion. And I think overall, it definitely improves the overall profile of our Western Oregon Timberlands.
George Staphos: Thank you so much. Have a good quarter.
Russell Hagen: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Devin. Good morning, Russell.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Mark.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Devin, I wanted to start off, could you just give us some more thoughts about sort of the -- how you went about setting this initial dividend level, the base dividend?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So, the level of the base quarterly dividend was really based on the cash flows that we generate across business cycles both at the business level and the Company level. And as we look to set that, we looked at the cash flow generation of each of our businesses across a variety of pricing scenarios, historical cash flows from the businesses, we looked at our Company level FAD over the last several years, and also modeled out FAD under a number of different market and pricing scenarios. And really the idea was to set the base quarterly dividend at a level that is both sustainable and supportable from our cash flow, even in a challenged market condition. And so, we expect that $0.17 per share quarterly dividend largely to be able to -- to be supported largely from the cash that we're generating from the more stable Timberlands, Real Estate and ENR business. And then, obviously, over time, we would expect to grow that base dividend as we grow our Timberlands and ENR cash flow.
Mark Wilde: And I'm just recalling, I think, Devin, that back in '18 when you made the last dividend raise that actually the percent of kind of cross-cycle FAD you'd raised up to 85%. It seems like you've pulled that down here a bit. Would you care to comment on that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And just in terms of the 75% to 80% payout ratio, it's in the general vicinity, over the last several years, it's been anywhere from 75% to 85%. And as we were thinking about reinitiating the dividend and the new framework, that's 75% to 80% is really what we believe to be an appropriate balance of returning a significant amount of cash back to shareholders, while still retaining some amount of cash to support growth in maintaining -- maintain an appropriate capital structure.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And would you care to provide people with just some thoughts on kind of share repurchase? I mean, if we think about share repurchase programs in cyclical businesses, they've been devilishly hard to pull off well.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And as we think about the ways in which we're going to be returning cash to shareholders, obviously, as we said, we're going to lean toward the supplemental dividend as the primary vehicle over and above the base. But that being said, share repurchase can be a good way to return cash to shareholders under the right circumstance. So, that's something that we're going to look at on a regular basis. And to the extent that, our shares are trading at a meaningful discount and that's something that we could look at to return cash to shareholders.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Well, I think if you can provide clarity to people kind of going forward about how you're going to make those judgments, I think that's helpful. And the last one for me is just thinking about how you would grow the land base over time. Can you share some thoughts with us on that? Because I think this kind of steady selling down of the land base, I think it raises concern among some investors that they're buying a melting ice cube. And I just -- I'd like to get your thoughts on that issue.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I guess, a couple of comments on that, Mark. Obviously, we do have a Real Estate program where we're trying to capture the value of our HBU profile. We've done some portfolio moves over the last few years as well. But I do think it's important to remember that if you go back to 2013, Weyerhaeuser had about 6 million acres, whereas we have about 11 million acres now. And so, it's something that we're always looking at. It's an opportunity I think for us going forward to continue to deploy some of our excess cash to timberland acquisitions. We're always in the market looking for transactions to both improve and grow our timber base. And so, that's certainly something that we're going to continue to look at. We do want to make sure that we're being disciplined about it, though. Obviously, we want to make sure that we're not just doing acquisitions to grow. We're doing acquisitions that we think that can create real value. But certainly, that's something that is top of mind for us, and it's going to be something in Russell's new role that he will be even more focused on going forward.
Mark Wilde: All right. Sounds good. I'll turn it over, Devin.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Wanted to just drill down a little bit more on the average pricing in the Wood Products. You mentioned in lumber, up $15 quarter-to-date and then up $140 for OSB. Roughly how much of the volume that you'd expect to sell in the fourth quarter would be in those categories at this point?
Devin Stockfish: I want to make sure -- I'm not sure I understood your question, Mark. So, maybe can you rephrase that? I'm not sure what you're hitting out with that.
Mark Weintraub: Sure. So stick with lumber. So quarter-to-date average realizations are $15 higher than the third quarter, is that about a third of the volumes that you'd expect to sell in the quarter that that $15 higher would apply to or is it 40%?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think a good way to think about that is it somewhere in the third category. So, I think, generally speaking, it's going to be similar each month over that Q4 period.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Because, I guess, I'm just trying to understand how order files, etc., come into play in the way we're thinking about this. And then, likewise, when you talk about it being $50 lower currently, is that based off where the random print was two or three weeks ago or is that based on where the random print is today?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So just, I guess, a little context for the lag that you see in realizations and I'll be specific to lumber, although it's a similar dynamic in OSB, but just different supply demand dynamics. So, in lumber, generally, you're going to be pricing one to three weeks prior to shipment, which -- that's the lag effect that you see between the print and the delivered realizations. And generally speaking, the nature of the market is that, order files typically extend in hot markets and they shrink in soft markets. So, when we go back to Q3, as prices were climbing, our order files extended out several weeks and the inventories were pretty lean. As we approach peak pricing, customers start moving to the sidelines and the order files shrank down fairly quickly. And so, that lag effect that you see on the upside oftentimes is a little bit longer than what you see on the downside. And so, when you look at that, the current pricing relative to print, that's going to be based on a shorter order file that's coming down versus what it was when it was going up.
Mark Weintraub: And so, order of magnitude that $50 lower, what time reference would be most applicable in saying, okay, that -- if we try to mark-to-market?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, at this point, whereas our order files were three-plus weeks as the prices were going up, they're now down to about one week -- one to two weeks.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Okay. And then you mentioned, I think Russ, that channel inventories are generally lean. More color on that if you could? And where would they be, would you say in the various businesses relative to where they normally would be now?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think you can say generally across the board in all product categories, and I'll comment on each specifically. But generally speaking, the inventories in the channel are pretty lean across the board. And when you think about lumber, really the buying is mostly limited to covering immediate needs. I would say, most folks in the market are still trying to determine what lumber prices are going to shake out at and are cautious about really starting to build inventories when they're not clear on what a more stabilized pricing is going to look like. So, I would say, generally speaking, lumber inventory is pretty lean across the system. OSB also very lean, a little bit different dynamic there. Order files in OSB, at least for us, are still pretty extended out four-ish weeks. And so, there's just not a whole lot of extra inventory in the system. You've seen the OSB pricing hold up a little better. And I think that's largely just a function of order files continue to be pretty extended. EWP, similar story. Long, strong order files in EWP. And I'd say, generally, pretty minimal inventory in the channel in that product.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. One last very quick clarification. On the reference to the debt leverage ratios being where you want them to be. Obviously, EBITDA goes up and down and EBITDA is extremely strong right now. Is the absolute level of debt at the level where you would want it to be?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I'd say, from a gross debt perspective -- and you're right, the ratio is a function of EBITDA as well. But from a gross debt perspective, I think we're in the ballpark of where we want to be with the actions we've taken this year and then the $150 million that we have earmarked for the 2021 maturity, that gets you in the neighborhood of $5.3 billion of gross debt, and I think that gives us adequate flexibility really through all parts of the market cycle to stay right around that 3.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA.
Mark Weintraub: Great. Thank you.
Devin Stockfish: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. Devin, we've been hearing about labor availability as the homebuilding challenge for several years now and yet housing activity seems to be constrained by other stuff and we haven't really seen a big change in construction approaches, which come slowly anyway. So I'm wondering, with your experience in [trusses] manufacturing and all that, are you seeing any signs that the market is preparing to shift or trying to shift to more prefab or something else to reduce labor content?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. There's certainly lots of talk about that and I think there are certain homebuilders that are investing in that. Frankly, some of the dealer network partners are also looking at opportunities to really help with some of the off-site manufacturing to deal with the challenges around labor. So it's something that we hear a lot about, you're seeing some of it. I don't know that we're at a point where it's really starting to make a meaningful difference yet. But there is no question that labor has been a challenge, I think, it remains a challenge. In talking to the homebuilders, it's certainly something that's still top of mind for them and they're really looking at all different avenues to try to help with that, from off-site panelization to really ramping up their programs to incent people that come into the trade. So they're really looking at that across the board, because it does still remain a challenge, I think, to get to you, what would otherwise be full building.
Mark Connelly: Is there a role for Weyerhaeuser in that process?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think there is, in the sense that, we want to make sure that we stay very close to all of our customers throughout the value chain to make sure that we're looking for opportunities, whether it's panelization, whether it's off-site manufacturing, to leverage our supply chain expertise to get them products and what they need to be successful at the right cost. So, it's something that we are focused on. We're certainly in discussions with all of our partners on how we can help them. I don't know that we're necessarily looking to get into panelized manufacturing, if that's the question. But I do think we'll look for opportunities to leverage that if it does get some momentum with our customers.
Mark Connelly: Super. And just one question, you mentioned the fiber log demand in the South being down. If that stays down, how meaningful will that be assuming more normal lumber prices? Clearly, some paper and pulp markets have been hit and aren't going to come back quickly. So, I'm curious is that going lead you to think about shifting harvest cycles or marketing programs. Or is it just not big enough to matter?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I don't think it's big enough to matter. A couple of comments on the Southern fiber markets. Obviously, we've seen some puts and takes in pulp log demand. Some segments, whether it's containerboard, boxboard, those kinds of markets, those have done okay. Printing paper, obviously, in a COVID environment has been somewhat challenged. I don't think all things considered, it's at a point now where it's going to make a meaningful difference to us one way or the other, just in what's going on in the current market conditions. I would say a couple of other comments there, going into fourth quarter for whatever it's worth, I think the log decks for most of the pulp and paper manufacturers are pretty light relative to normal. So, certainly, not significant log inventories in that market. And then the other, just piece of color there is, we did see a number of our pulp log customers defer maintenance earlier in the year when the markets were a little stronger and a lot of that ran through Q3. And so, that's a little bit of the softness that you saw as well. Those are mostly coming out of those maintenance shutdowns as we head into Q4.
Mark Connelly: Thank you, Devin.
Devin Stockfish: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks very much and good morning.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Paul Quinn: Hey, just a couple of questions in Wood Products there, Devin. When I take a look at Slide 12 and third-party sales volumes. So this is just shipments for lumber and OSB over the last seven quarters, it's pretty much flat. I'm just wondering on the production side, whether that production has been flat and whether you've been able to meaningfully increase that. And also, whether you are running at capacity? And what's your ability to take that up going forward?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I do think, particularly in the lumber side, we will grow that production over time. We've got the Dierks and the Millport mills that are up and running. I think with respect to Q3, in particular, there were a few things in the quarter, we had to take some downtime in the West due to wildfire smoke. We had downtime at some of our mills in the South with the various hurricanes coming through and power outages, some maintenance downtime, those kinds of things. But over time, our lumber production will increase and even, I'd say, on OSB around the margins just as we continue to improve on reliability across our various products, we'll see some improvement there as well.
Paul Quinn: And then just on mass timber and it is part of what Mark was asking around, but there has been a lot of activity there and this is an area that's growing straight line with your sustainability goals. Just -- and you guys already manufacture a number of components for it. Just wondering if that's an area of interest to be able to expand that side of the business.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. We're really excited about the momentum we're seeing around cross-laminated timber, mass timber, it's certainly something that has gotten people excited across the board and we're seeing that move, frankly, faster than we had anticipated. So, we are in touch with the manufacturers of CLT. I don't know, in the near-term, we're really looking to get into manufacturing CLT. But certainly, we know how to manufacture wood products and we'll continue to look at that market down the road, maybe that makes sense. But I think in the near-term, it's really more of an opportunity for us to sell lumber and other engineered wood products into that space.
Paul Quinn: All right. That's all I had. Best of luck.
Devin Stockfish: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Buck Horne with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Buck Horne: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Buck Horne: I wanted to go back to the dividend for a quick follow-up, maybe you -- maybe I missed this early in the discussion. I'm just curious on the timing of the initial supplemental dividend with the suspension of the dividend for the better part of this year and, of course, the strong EBITDA results coming out of Wood Products. What was the decision process in terms of not doing a supplemental dividend in the first quarter of '21 and then waiting another full year for the first payment to be in 2022? What's the -- what was the thought process in going that much further out with the supplemental?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. A couple of comments on that. I guess, first, when we think about the cash flow that we generated from 2020, clearly, we have prioritized debt reduction with the cash flow that we've generated this year. We've allocated over $1 billion to debt reduction, which has been a significant percentage of our overall 2020 cash flow, which is the $400 million that we've reduced gross debt year-to-date. The $500 million we're paying down in Q4, another $150 million we've got earmarked for 2021. And so, this has really taken us to a place where we've reduced leverage, where we feel it's an appropriate level of cross-business cycles. Obviously, we have also returned $375 million of cash through the dividend payment that we made in Q1 and the fourth quarter dividend we just declared. So, on balance, that's how we allocated the cash flow from 2020. When we talk about the supplemental dividend, we talk about Q1 2022 payout. I mean, that's generally going to be the approach with the dividend framework to do that annually. But again, as we said, we're not going to be overly dogmatic there, could there be a situation where we would consider an interim supplemental dividend during 2021, even Q1? Certainly, I think that's conceivable. We wouldn't shut the door on that possibility. We're going to continue to look at that. But again, we're expecting that, on -- as a general matter, the supplemental dividend will be paid out annually in most circumstances.
Buck Horne: Okay. Thanks for that color. I appreciate that. And just with the[notes] in the Wood Products a little bit further. Just maybe longer-term bigger picture, I think we agree with you, certainly on the potential runway for the housing recovery and the single-family housing shortage that in all the demographic factors that go into that equation, and of course, the demand for lumber capacity is going to likely continue to increase. How do you guys look at the longer-term potential of your existing Wood Products capacity in terms of what additional CapEx projects could move the needle to increase your capacity internally with higher return projects? And/or would you need to -- or would you consider additional acquisition opportunities if there are any out there to increase your manufacturing capacity?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, I think there definitely are opportunities for us through our capital expenditures program to continue to drive value through the Wood Products business. We have done, I think a remarkable job over the last four or five years with our CapEx in the Wood Products business. We've been primarily focused during that time on cost reduction. I think you've seen that shown up in our relative performance. In that business, we've reached the point of being black at the bottom. We did have some come along volume that came through those programs to date as I mentioned with Dierks and with Millport. We've got a number of additional projects in the queue that we think can return very good returns, continue to ensure that we have a very cost-effective, efficient mill set and in that, will be some opportunities for increased lumber capacity and production as well. So, this is something I think is really -- it's a great opportunity for us and we'll continue to look at that. I would expect us to provide more guidance on 2021 CapEx on our next earnings call.
Buck Horne: All right. Thanks. Good luck. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Buck Horne: Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Chercover: Good morning. Thanks for taking my late question. So, if memory serves, I had to step away from my desk, you took an $80 million write-off for the Oregon fires. In a prime west side Oregon, the land is about $4,000 an acre. Is it safe to say that greater than 20,000 acres were destroyed or can you just give us a number?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, just a little context around that. So, for us, we had about 125,000 acres that were impacted to some extent. What I would say is, when you think about each individual acre, they were impacted depending on topography, age class, the rate of spread, species. So, it's variable the extent of the damage. But what I would say is, at a high-level, at least based on our early work in the salvage operations, we think we're going to be able to capture the vast majority of value on our merchantable timber. So, in other words, as we have gone in, even on the acres that had relatively severe burn, we are still able to capture the value of the fiber, the bark has done its job and protected the underlying fiber. So, we do think the good news there -- obviously, it's never a good news when you have a big fire like this, but the good news is, we think we're going to be able to capture most of the value on that merchantable timber over the next, call it, 12 months to 18 months.
Steven Chercover: Yes. That's why I assume that the acreage impacted was substantially more than, call it, the total loss for a certain volume. So, over the 20 years I've covered Weyerhaeuser and also Plum Creek, everyone has self-insured and I'm wondering if that makes you rethink the whole notion of insurance, acknowledging that premiums tend to go up significantly after a disaster.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. As a practical matter, there is really no economically feasible way to buy insurance on significant acreage of timberland. And so, for us, the way we mitigate fire risk is, we have a diverse area of timberland coverage across various regions. We are very active in our work around fire management, working with other landowners in the state to make sure to the greatest extent possible that we're protecting our lands. But there is going to be some risk, that's the nature of the business, and it's really not something that you can [uncover] -- that you can cover through insurance.
Steven Chercover: Yes. And finally, I'm in Oregon, so I can attest to this how windy it was and how extreme the weather was. But normally your lands are sufficiently managed, but it's really only adjacent land, federal lands that catch on fire that impact you. And was this just a whole new kettle of fish?
Devin Stockfish: Well, it was just a -- it was a situation -- this is the worst fire situation we've had in decades, and it was just a situation where the humidity dropped really low. We had a period of no rain. So, it was very dry. You had fire start-up and then you had the significant wind, and when all of those things happen together, it can get bad quickly as we saw this year. But, look, we're not -- it's not anything new dealing with fires. It's something that we see in the West every year. Most years, we have very minimal damage and impact. This was just a tough year.
Steven Chercover: Okay. Thanks. Good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for closing comments.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thank you. And thanks to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Stay safe and healthy, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Beth Baum: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2020 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying safe and is well.  This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter GAAP earnings of $72 million or $0.10 per diluted share, our net sales of $1.6 billion. Excluding next charges of $5 million for special items, we generated earnings of $77 million or $0.11 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA of total $386 million in the second quarter, this is approximately 7% lower than the first quarter, but 13% higher than a year ago. Our teams delivered strong operational and safety results, despite the disruptions from COVID-19 and the unprecedented volatility caused by the pandemic. In a moment, I'll dive into our business results. But first let me set the stage with some comments on the housing market. New residential construction activity declined sharply in March and April as the COVID-19 pandemic triggered stay-at-home orders and rising unemployment across the nation. April housing starts where the lowest and over five years and over 25% lower than April, 2019. The rapid decline in new residential construction activity quickly translated to weaker order files for building products and significant production curtailments by wood products manufacturers. Over the last few months, demand for housing and wood products have shown unexpected resiliency in the face of broad economic disruption in late may States began to reopen their economies and us housing activity, rebounded sharply, despite the continued, extreme weakness and broader macro economic conditions. Housing starts improved sequentially and June starts we're only 4% lower than a year ago. Repair and remodel activity has also shown remarkable strength driven by robust do-it-yourself demand. Collectively, these factors drove a sharp uptick in wood products pricing and demand as the quarter progressed. As we look to the back half of the year, we're cautiously optimistic regarding a continued improvement in U.S. housing. Mortgage rates are at historic lows demand for housing exceeds the available supply and societal preferences are shifting in favor of larger single family homes in less urban areas. The pace of home sales is improving. In June, new home sales were 7% above year ago levels. At the same time, the trajectory of the broader U.S. economy remains uncertain in light of rising COVID infection rates and the pullback or pause of many economic reopening plans. Key indicators that we are monitoring have generally plateaued at recessionary levels. Unemployment stands at 11%, with initial claims well in excess of a million per week. Mortgage forbearance rates are near 8%, mortgage availability remains tight. Consumer sentiment is comparable to levels measured in April and May and U.S. GDP has contracted in an unprecedented manner. Further, the specifics regarding additional federal economic relief packages are also unclear at this point. Our customers are expecting strong demand through Labor Day, but remain cautious of COVID-related economic and operating disruptions. We'll be watching all of these factors closely to see how they influence our markets as we move out of the summertime and into the fall. Turning now to our second quarter business results, starting with Timberlands on Pages six through eight of our earnings slides, Timberland's contributed $75 million to second quarter earnings and $140 million to adjusted EBITDA. In Western Timberlands, EBITDA decreased $20 million compared with the first quarter. Log sales volumes and average realizations were comparable to the first quarter. As we flexed significant volume out of the domestic market to capture higher margin opportunities in China, fee harvest volumes decreased 3%, forestry and road building costs increased seasonally and export costs were modestly higher. In the Western domestic market log demand and pricing dropped sharply in April as mills curtail production. In response, many landowners reduced harvest operations or redirected volume to stronger export markets. When demand and pricing for Douglas fir lumber rebounded, mills resumed production and actively sought to replenish log decks. Log supply was slow to respond to the increased demand and pricing trended higher exiting the quarter. On average, our second quarter domestic log pricing was moderately lower than the first quarter. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, housing starts are down approximately 11% year-to-date as housing demand slowed following the fourth quarter, 2019 consumption tax increase. Demand for our logs has generally held up well enhanced by our strong customer relationships and limited availability of Canadian export logs. However, our second quarter log sales volumes to Japan declined. And average realizations decreased slightly as we've began to see incremental effects from the COVID-19 outbreak on Japanese construction activity. In China, demand for our logs rebounded sharply in the second quarter, as construction and saw milling activity resumed following the COVID-19 outbreak. And saw mills returned to near normal operating rates. Softwood log inventories at Chinese ports decreased nearly 40% during the quarter and into June at 4.4 million cubic meters. Takeaway was strong in April, as mills restocked inventories, and then eased as the quarter progressed. Supplies of New Zealand radiata and European spruce logs were also below normal due to COVID-19 disruptions. Reflect significant volume into the China market to take advantage of this opportunity. And average realizations for our China export logs increased modestly, compared with the first quarter. Compared with a year ago quarter, log export revenues increased by $18 million due to higher sales volumes. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands EBITDA decreased $8 million, compared with the first quarter. As in the West, demand for Southern saw logs remained weak through April and into May, as mills curtailed production and minimize log inventories. As lumber demand and pricing rebounded, capacity came back online, although log takeaway for June was trending towards normal, some customers remained cautious and log decks were generally below average levels. Demand for our fiber logs remained steady through the quarter supported by downstream demand for hygiene products. Realizations for our saw logs and fiber logs were generally unchanged from the first quarter. Average log realizations declined 2% due to mix as we harvested an increased proportion fiber logs in the quarter. The harvest volumes declined 4% compared with the first quarter and 7% compared with the second quarter of 2019 as we began to implement the previously announced 10% reduction in full year southern harvest volumes. Comparing our overall Southern Timberlands second quarter results with the year ago period, EBITDA declined by $16 million due to lower fee harvest volumes and lower average sales realizations. In Northern Timberlands, EBITDA decreased by $4 million compared with the first quarter. The harvest volumes declined seasonally at spring breakup limited activity across most of our northern operations. Real estate, energy and natural resources pages nine and ten, real estate and ENR contributed $19 million to second quarter earnings and $57 million to adjusted EBITDA. Second quarter EBITDA was $44 million lower than the first quarter and $14 million lower than the year ago period. As expected, real estate sales were significantly lower than the first quarter. We experienced continued steady interest in rural properties, but transactions were slower to close due to delays in title work financing, approvals and recording deeds. Average price per acre decreased, and average land basis as a percentage of real estate sales was higher due to the mix of property sold. As in the first quarter, second quarter real estate sales included low productivity acreage in Southern Oregon that we acquired with the Plum Creek merger.  Results from energy and natural resources were comparable to the first quarter. Demand for construction materials has remained steady, as infrastructure projects have generally benefited from essential industry designations during the pandemic. Wood products, pages 11 and 12. Wood products delivered its strongest performance since the third quarter of 2018, contributing $159 million to second quarter earnings and $198 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA increased $14 million compared with the first quarter as higher average lumber realizations and improved manufacturing costs were partially offset by lower sales volumes for most products. In April, we reduced production across our manufacturing facilities to align with customer demand. As demand improved, we increased operating rates and most businesses exited the quarter at pre-COVID operating levels. Manufacturing costs improved across our operations, despite the production volumes, the lower production volumes. Our lumber business delivered standout performance for the quarter. EBITDA was $24 million higher than the first quarter and $59 million above a year ago levels due to improved realizations and lower manufacturing costs. Lumber pricing began to stabilize early in the second quarter as mills curtail production in response to lower demand. With inventories extremely lean across the channel, pricing strengthened steadily as demand improved. This was particularly notable in the southern markets. Benchmark lumber pricing improved by approximately $135 per 1,000 board feet, nearly 40% during the months of May and June. On average, the framing lumber composite price increased 2% in the second quarter, compared with the first. Our average lumber realizations increased by 5% as our mix of production is weighted more heavily to southern yellow pine. Unit manufacturing cost decreased by 2% compared with the first quarter. Our lumber mills delivered outstanding operating performance, achieving the lowest quarterly and monthly controllable manufacturing costs on record, despite weekly fluctuations and operating posture. I want to thank our entire lumber business for the commitment to operational excellence that's driving these industry leading results. In OSB, EBITDA decreased $4 million compared with the first quarter due to slightly lower sales volumes and average realizations. Supply demand dynamics generally mirror those of lumber, but with a more modest uptick in pricing. Our sales volumes decrease 3% compared with the first quarter. Average realizations decrease 2% in line with the change in benchmark OSB composite. Manufacturing cost improved compared with the first quarter due to the slightly lower resin costs and focused cost control across the business. Compared with the year ago quarter, OSB EBITDA increased $33 million due to higher average sales realizations, and lower manufacturing costs. Engineered wood products EBITDA decreased by $9 million compared with the first quarter due to lower sales volumes. Average sales realizations for solid section products were flat with the first quarter. And average I-joists realizations decreased by 1%.  Sales volumes decreased 12% for solid section products and 11% for I-joists in the second quarter. Because over 90% of these volumes are used in new residential construction, these product lines benefited minimally from the strong second quarter repair and remodel activity. Controllable manufacturing costs decreased compared with the first quarter, but this was offset by higher input costs due to the increased cost of oriented strand board. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA for Engineered Wood Products decreased by $22 million due to significantly lower sales volumes, higher input costs and slightly lower average realizations. Distribution EBITDA increased by $1 million, compared with the first quarter as we continue to focus on improving product margin and controlling costs. The business also set a new record for June monthly EBITDA. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA increased by $2 million due to higher product margins and lower delivery and warehouse costs. Turning now to operational excellence. Each of our businesses has remained focused on delivering on its OpEx initiatives, despite the disruptions caused by the pandemic. And that commitment is evident in our second quarter results. Halfway through the year we've made good progress against our $50 million to $70 million full year OpEx goal, and I am confident we will achieve this target by year end. I'm extremely proud of the dedication and focus of our teams as they have safely adopted business practices, rapidly and efficiently pivoted operating postures and capitalized on operational excellence opportunities, while navigating unprecedented fluctuations in market demand. Staying on track to achieve our OpEx goal is a real accomplishment given the rapidly changing environment in which we've been operating. Now, I'll turn a turn to a few comments regarding capital allocation. The Board continues to regularly review opportunities to reinitiate an appropriate quarterly dividend. As we said last quarter, this review takes into account a number of variables, including our market conditions as well as the broader macroeconomic environment. All else equal the Board's preference is to reinitiate a dividend sooner rather than later, while we have been seeing improved business conditions over the last couple of months, we need to get comfortable that those improvements will be sustainable even as the pandemic and other macro headwinds continue. I want to be clear that we remain committed to returning a significant amount of our free cash flow back to shareholders as part of our capital allocation philosophy. Our Board also recognizes the need to deliver on that commitment through a sustainable dividend policy that will drive long-term shareholder value. Some of our businesses generate relatively stable cash flows. Other of our businesses are more cyclical in nature. Our overarching goal is to ensure a sustainable capital allocation framework that will enable us to return a meaningful and appropriate level of cash to shareholders across market cycles. Our other capital allocation priorities include investing in our business and maintaining an appropriate capital structure. We've deferred discretionary capital for 2020, but we continue to invest in the maintenance expenditures required to sustain and further improve our strong operating performance. And we will continue to consider incremental opportunities to optimize and enhance our assets and operations. Russell will provide more details in a few minutes, but the actions we have taken to enhance our financial flexibility in addition to the better than expected pricing and demand environment have allowed us to maintain our financial strength during this volatile period. With respect to our capital structure, we are working to bring down our leverage over time. We have repaid our revolver balance, redeemed the majority of our 2021 debt maturities and earmarked cash for the remainder of our 2021 notes. Going forward we will continue to review opportunities to efficiently reduce our gross debt balance. I'll now turn it over to Russell to discuss financial items and our third quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Devin, and good morning. At the beginning of the second quarter, we anticipated challenging market conditions throughout the quarter and potentially through the remainder of the year as the effects of COVID-19 pandemic were largely unknown. As a result of this uncertainty, we took several steps to enhance our financial flexibility. These actions coupled with our continued focused on safety and operational excellence enabled us to strengthen our balance and generate solid cash flow during the second quarter. Today, our financial position is solid and improving. We are well positioned to fully capitalize on strengthening markets and successfully navigate the continued economic uncertainty related to COVID-19. Starting with our key outlook items for the third quarter on Page 15 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to decrease by approximately $20 million to $25 million compared to the second quarter, which is a similar reduction to what we saw in the third quarter of 2019. In our Western Timberlands operations, we expect our third quarter domestic log sales volumes and domestic average sales realizations to be higher than the second quarter. Demand in the West has been favorable for the past several months and log inventories at domestic mills ended the second quarter on the low end of normal levels. However, as July has progressed, mills have begun to rebuild log inventories to moderate level in response to increased demand for finished product, and as a precautionary measure ahead of fire season. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, residential construction activity continues to soften due to the ongoing effects of last year's consumption tax increase and the COVID-19 outbreak. Demand for logs slowed through the second quarter and is expected to decrease as the third quarter progresses. As a result, we expect our third quarter Japanese export log sales volumes to decline with a moderate decrease in every sales realization compared with the second quarter. Chinese export logs sales volumes are expected to decline in the third quarter, as we flex supply to take advantage of improving domestic markets. Additionally, we anticipate slightly lower average sales realizations on Chinese export logs due to seasonally lower demand and increased log supply from the competing New Zealand radiata pine and European spruce logs. Shipments to China from these markets have increased as COVID-19 related disruptions at East. Additionally in the West, our road, forestry, and per unit logging and hauling spend will seasonally be higher. As is typical during the drier, warmer summer months, we harvest on higher elevation tracks. The favorable weather conditions also allow us to complete many of our silviculture and road activities. In the South, we expect seasonally higher forestry expenditures in the third quarter, which is typical as most of the activity generally is completed during the drier summer months. We anticipate slightly lower average sales realizations in the third quarter due to a higher percentage of fiber mix, as we shift to seasonally hire thinning activities. Additionally, we expect lower fee harvest volumes in the third quarter, compared to the second quarter, as we continue to implement the previously announced 10% reduction in our 2020 Southern harvest volumes. And in North, third quarter fee harvest volumes will be significantly higher than the second quarter, as we move past the spring breakup season. Turning to our real estate, energy and natural resources segment. We anticipate third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable with the second quarter. Although many transactions have experienced longer than usual timelines to finance, close and record property deeds due to COVID-19 related social distancing and other safety measures. We continue to experience solid demand and interest in our real estate properties. Demand for smaller HBU transactions is strong and although the volume of larger transactions requiring financing has slowed, we've continued to make progress on these transactions throughout the second and third quarters. In particular, we continue to further optimize the Southern Oregon holdings acquired with the Plum Creek merger. As a result, we now expect full year 2020 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $235 million, which is a $35 million increase from our guidance last quarter. Additionally, we now anticipate land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be between 65% and 75% for the full year. And our wood products segment, we have continued to experience a strong repair and remodel market and have seen a favorable rebound in residential construction for the end of the second quarter and into the third. We're experiencing strong demand across all product lines. Looking into the third quarter, we expect earnings and adjusted EBITDA for wood products will be significantly higher than the second quarter, primarily due to stronger average sales realizations for lumber and oriented strand board, as well as increased sales volumes across most product lines. Entering the third quarter, benchmark pricing for lumber and OSB has continued to increase with lumber reaching record highest lumber. For Lumbar, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $110 higher, and current realizations are approximately $130 higher than the second quarter average. For oriented strand board, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations at $35 higher and current sales realizations are $50 higher than the second quarter average. As a reminder, a typical operating rates for lumber every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. For OSB, at typical operating rates, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. For engineered wood products, we expect third quarter average sales realizations will be generally comparable with the second quarter. Page 13 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. The $37 million favorable variance in earnings before special items compared with the first quarter is primarily the result of an $18 million non-cash benefit from elimination of intersegment profit in inventory in LIFO in the second quarter compared to a $13 million charge in the first quarter. The benefit recorded in the second quarter was primarily driven by reduced log and lumber inventories across our businesses. Second quarter also saw benefit related to foreign exchange rates resulting in an $11 million non-cash increase over the first quarter. These favorable fluctuations were partially offset by $14 million non-cash fluctuation in the valuation of our liability classified share-based compensation. This increase reflects the improvement in our stock price from first quarter to second quarter. Our second quarter non-cash non-operating pension and post retirement benefit costs remain comparable to the first quarter. We continue to expect approximately $40 million of expense for the full year 2020. Turning to our key financial items, which are summarized on Page 14. We ended the second quarter with a cash balance of $643 million. Cash from operations during the second quarter was $391 million. It increased at $305 million over the first quarter, which is typically the lowest cash flow quarter of the year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $66 million. We continue to expect total CapEx for 2020 will be approximately $270 million. Moving on to financing, we ended the quarter with approximately $6.3 billion of debt outstanding. During the quarter we redeemed our $569 million, 4.7% notes that were due March, 2021 and incurred an $11 million pretax charged due to the early redemption. This charge for early extinguishment of debt is included in our results as a special item. Additionally, during the second quarter, we repaid the $550 million precautionary revolver draw taking at the end of the first quarter. Currently we had the full $1.5 billion capacity available on our revolver. As indicated last quarter, we intend to repay $150 million, 9% note when it matures in the fourth quarter of 2021. And we will continue to review opportunities to reduce our gross step balance. As part of this, we begun evaluating our 2023 debt maturities and are assessing options and timing to efficiently refinance and repay this debt, including our $11 million special item related to the early extinguishment of debt. Second quarter interest expense was $103 million. We continue to fully expect full year 2020 interest expense will be approximately $360 million excluding special items. I’ll wrap up at taxes. In the second quarter, we've recorded an income tax expense compared with an income tax benefit in the first quarter, as we recalibrated our annual effective tax rate to account for better than anticipated wood products pricing and sales volumes. We continue to expect our full year effective tax rate reflect and expansive approximately 20% before special items. Wherever the tax rate will be sensitive to the level of mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. With respect to cash taxes we now expect our full year cash taxes will be generally comparable to our overall tax expense. I'll turn the call over to Devin. I look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Russell. Before we open the line for questions I do want to touch briefly on sustainability. Weyerhaeuser has just recently launched our new sustainability strategy and it builds on our solid foundation of environmental stewardship, social responsibility and strong governance. A core part of this new strategy is what we're calling 3/30 and it's intended to drive increased focus in three key areas where we as a company can make a unique and meaningful contribution over the next decade. These include contributing to climate change solutions, meeting the need for affordable and sustainable housing and helping rural communities thrive. For over 100 years we've been committed to managing this company sustainably and for the long-term, and that focus remains today as we navigate these unprecedented times. In closing, we believe our company is well positioned with unrivaled assets, industry-leading operations, a strong safety culture, and a solid financial position. The underlying thesis for U.S. housing remains strong and evolving societal preferences are further bolstering demand for single family homes and wood-based construction. Looking forward we remain focused on operating safely and efficiently, effectively capitalizing on opportunities across the full range of market conditions and driving long-term value for our shareholders through industry leading performance and disciplined prudent capital allocation. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Devin. Good morning, Russell.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Devin, I was thinking you must feel like a personal injury lawyer dealing with whiplash right now. Given what's happened in the last three months.
Devin Stockfish: It's been an interesting dynamic that's for sure.
Mark Wilde: Yes. I've never seen anything like this. I wondered if you or Russell could help people in just thinking about how these higher lumber and OSB prices that we see in the trade publications, how that flows through to your results, because I'm sure this is going to be a big topic over the next couple of months?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. And so, I think as we've mentioned before, we do have a little bit of a lag between what you see in the print and when that hits realization, just because of the length of our order files. And for – I think this particular period, the order files are extending out a bit as you've probably heard from some other companies, with the strong market dynamic and low inventories we have extended our order files out a bit. So it'll flow through, but when you look at our realizations, it takes a few weeks for that to actually hit our realizations.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Are there any other kind of qualifiers that we should think about? So it's easy to think about the good news, but there may be other things that we're overlooking as we try to model out the third quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, I guess just – how I'd respond to that is more in terms of the broader environment and what the key demand drivers are. And so when we think about what's really driving the strong demand for wood products right now, it's really a couple of things. Obviously, we’ve seen housing improve and in our customers, the builders, you've probably heard this on various earnings calls. The demand for housing is really picked up a lot faster than we had anticipated. You saw that in the June new home sales numbers. And so I think generally the, the overall view on housing over the next several months is pretty positive. And so that's obviously a key driver for us. I mean, it is important to remember though; you look at the June starts numbers that was still not overwhelming relative to what we were seeing earlier in the year. But I do think that the momentum is building around that. So that seems like a positive, at least for the next several months. But I'd say the other thing that's really been driving the wood products demand has been the repair and remodel market. And in particular, the home improvement do it yourself segment. And that has just been remarkably strong and, I think as we, we think about that in retrospect with everyone being stuck at home, folks not traveling, no sports, nothing else to do, everybody's doing home remodeling projects. And so that's just been a really key part of what's been driving this overwhelming demand of late. So I think as you're modeling out the third quarter, we have pretty good visibility through August, I think with the order files and what we're hearing for customers, I think August should be pretty strong. I think the big question really is as we get through Labor Day and head into the fall, what does that repair and remodel market going to look like? And so, to us that's really the big open question. What happens to that segment of the demand signal as we progress through fall? Ordinarily as the weather starts to cool, you'd see a little bit of slow down there, but again, this year has been a little different than most years and so we'll see how that plays out.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then just as a follow-on Devin. I wondered if we can get some thoughts from you on where you see kind of inventories in the distribution channel, because it feels like part of what we've got right now is just a bit of a short squeeze because so many people liquidated inventory early in the second quarter and then demand has come back much, much more sharply than, than people anticipated?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there's no question. The inventory channels are lean and that's almost universally true. And like you say, Mark, what really happened is when you saw so much production come out and demand picked up more quickly, nobody had inventory in the channel and it's just been a scramble ever since. So I think that's – that's been part of the driver, people have, they have customers that have needs that are projects that are being built and they're just out scrambling for product, trying to find that, and you know, the, the production and the capacities come back online for the most part. I would say around the margins, do think particularly in the South, you're probably seeing a little bit of production that's being lost to producers, struggling to keep up with covert related downtime. For us we haven't had a meaningful amount of downtime related to COVID. But if you think about where a lot of the production capacity is for the Southern yellow pine in particular, they're in regions where the COVID rates are really spiking up. So I suspect there's probably a little bit of production being lost to that dynamic. And so we just, as an industry haven't been able to keep up with demand and that's really what's driving the pricing dynamic.
Mark Wilde: Okay. I'll turn it over. Good luck in the second half of the year.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.
John Babcock: Good morning. This is actually John Babcock on for George. First and actually just, somewhat follows suit with what Mark Wilde was asking, but I just want to get a sense, I mean, as you know, we've clearly seen a sharp rise in prices here. And so I wanted to kind of get your sense. I mean, you talked a little bit about potentially repair and remodel demand slowing as we get into the fall. And obviously maybe as we get beyond this, jump in COVID cases, you know, maybe that has an impact on supply, but one of the, kind of get your read on how you expect the market to move you know, from here particularly kind of given these factors.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So what I would say at the outset is predicting commodity prices is extremely difficult under any circumstances. And I would say given what's going on in the market today, that's even more so. Again, I think we have a pretty good line of sight on August. So, I do think that the August timeframe should be pretty strong with each week that we continue to see strong pricing and strong demand that probably moves incrementally into September. Honestly, beyond that, it's very difficult to tell. I do think that the housing market will continue to grow the slope of that curve, I think is very hard to say, particularly given the offset that you may see ultimately with high unemployment, that hasn't seemed to really impact housing demand of late historically that's been a pretty strong correlation between unemployment and housing demand. So as we get deeper into the fall, I think that's an open question, but sitting here today, it certainly seems based on what we're hearing from our customers, that the demand for new homes is really strong and building. And so again, it's difficult to predict how all of those different puts and takes are going to play out over the course of the fall. But certainly we are in a lot better space now than we had anticipated three or four months ago. So, it's positive from that respect.
John Babcock: Thank you. And then with regards to fee harvest volumes, what are the primary drivers for your expectation for lower volumes in the South? I mean, I – I know you talked about for the year decreasing fee harvest volumes and that's consistent with what you said last quarter, but particularly with the strength in wood product markets, why are those fee harvest volumes expected to go lower?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So again, I think it's just the – it's the dynamic across the Southern markets. And so we talk about the South as though it's a market, it's really a combination of sub-markets and notwithstanding the fact that that wood products pricing and demand has been reasonably strong. I think on balance across the South, you're probably still not up to full running capacity from a manufacturing and saw milling perspective partially because of COVID, I suspect, partially because there's still a little bit of caution around bringing back shifts. If you've taken a full shift out before you hire people back, you want to have some certainty that this run is going to last. So I don't know that productions fully come back. And then the other piece in the South is – as we've talked about, there's just a lot of log supply in the South. And so, we made a decision to reduce the harvest volumes in the South by 10%, just based on our projection of what that overall log demand is going to look like the supply demand dynamic. And as we think about that going forward, that's obviously something that can change depending on what market conditions are doing, but bringing back volume and pushing it into a market where pricing is a little soft or the market just doesn't need it. You got to be really thoughtful about that. So at this point, we're still contemplating that 10% reduction, which will largely be taken in the back half of 2020.
John Babcock: Okay. And then just last question before I turn it over. Just with regards to China and the volumes you're seeing there. How did radiata and spruce logs or price volumes trend during the quarter?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So really you saw a pretty dramatic drop-off in the log flow into China from New Zealand and the European salvage logs related to the COVID-19 disruptions there. And it was basically a full shutdown in New Zealand for a period of time. There were some supply chain disruptions coming out of Europe. And so Q2 really, you saw that volume drop off pretty dramatically, that started to come back and, I think the demand signal in China's holding up pretty well. Takeaway is pretty good, but the supply going into that system has increased with the radiata and the European salvage logs coming in. So there's still demand. I suspect as we mentioned, we're probably going to swing more of our Western volume back into the domestic market. Pricing's better, margin opportunities are better, and that's really one of the advantages of our system in the West. In that we have three key customers between the third-party domestic, our own internal mills and the export market that we can really swing volume across those customer bases to really go after whatever the highest margin opportunity is. So, I think China will obviously continue to be a good market for us, but at present we have better pricing opportunities in the domestic market. So you'll see our volumes to China and Q3 go down a bit.
John Babcock: Alright, thanks for all the color.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, on the gross debt balance you indicated you want to bring that down over time. Can you get the census to where you'd like to bring it to?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I'm not going to give you a specific gross debt number. What I would say is, we've been elevated relative to our 3.5 times net debt-to-EBITDA target. And so we're bringing that down over time. As Russell mentioned, we've got a fair amount of debt coming due in 2023 and Russell and treasury team are looking at opportunities around that. We also have some term debt. We have some opportunity there maybe even more so in the near-term. So it's something directionally Mark that we're – we're looking to take down so that we're more in line with that 3.5 times target over the course of the cycle. I think what you saw really in 2019 was, when we are on the bottom end to that cycle it starts pressing up pretty hard against the upper ranges of where we're comfortable going. So directionally we're bringing it down. I don't know that we're prepared to give a specific number. Anything to add to that Russell?
Russell Hagen: No. As Devin mentioned, we are elevated in the first quarter obviously because we had issued that $750 million bond in the first quarter. And then we paid down the 5.69. So we're at about 6.3 right now, and our ratios have improved a little bit. We're at about 4.1 times on our net debt-to-EBITDA and our net enterprise value has improved obviously with the increase in the share price. So we have opportunities to start looking at that 2023 tower and we'll figure out the best way to refinance or repay that.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. In the past Weyerhaeuser has talked about paying out 85% of its average cycle free cash flow in the form of dividends. Is that still a good starting base to think about or has that evolved?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So I think that's in the process of evolving, Mark. And what that 85% target was really a reflection of is a commitment by the company to return a significant amount of our free cash flow back to shareholders. And that broader commitment remains intact. I think as we consider reinitiating the dividend going forward, we're looking at a number of factors, and I think as the Board considers that opportunity, we want to make sure that the dividend sustainable and appropriate for our portfolio of businesses or business conditions, the free cash flow that we can generate from our businesses over a cycle. And as I mentioned, some of our businesses have generally relatively stable cash flows, others have more cyclical cash flows. And so as we think about that, our capital allocation approach, I think has to account for that variability. And so ultimately the overarching goal is to ensure a sustainable capital allocation framework that enables us to return significant, but appropriate levels of cash back to shareholders over a cycle. So, it's evolving, it’s part of the conversation that we continue to have as a Board.
Mark Weintraub: And so if I were to hypothesize that that means given that there is some cyclicality, maybe that percent potentially evolving to a lower level, but then be more opportunistic with a certain portion as well. a) Is that an appropriate way to think about at least the directional conversation and any color as to what that the use, if that is indeed the case, what would be contemplated as the use of that more opportunistic cash flow?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So what I would say is, that's obviously part of the conversation, it's a decision the Board will ultimately make and discussion that we continue to have. So I can't give you a specific answer on that. As I said, it's part of the dialogue. With respect to the uses of additional cash, I think, it would flow through the same framework, right. So, obviously we are intent on returning a good percentage of that back in terms of a quarterly cash dividend. Over and above that we have opportunities, I think, to return cash to shareholders and create value through share repurchase. And so, I think, that basic framework would remain intact.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And then just lastly, if I could following up on some of the prior questions, I believe you said that the OSB price, your current OSB price is about $50 higher than what you registered in the second quarter. And you've indicated – there was a lag and so that must be capturing. But it's very, very substantial if you look at the random lens OSB prints. I mean they are north of $200 higher than where the second quarter average was. So not wanting to – I recognize predicting commodity prices is dangerous at best. But if we were to assume that the commodity price has stayed where they are for the next period of time, for the third quarter as a whole, can you tell us how much higher as the flow-through and the lag impacts effect where the OSB price and possibly the lumber price, where you might expect them to end up relative to the second quarter? So again, not trying to have you predict, but if we were to just keep the price where it is today, how that flow through would end up?
Russell Hagen: Yes. So without giving you a specific number, Mark, I think just the way to look at that is when we see the composite go up by that amount, our order files are out, particularly in OSB, a fair amount. So it typically takes – it can take up to three to four weeks for that really to flow through, to realization. So, it's slower on the upside for that to hit the realizations. We eventually get it, of course. But then on the same token it's also slower on the downside. So, I think, as you think about our realizations relative to what you are seeing in terms of the jump in print, it's just – it's going to be a lag of several weeks. There's also a lag in lumber, but that's going to be shorter just because the order files in lumber are typically shorter than OSB. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thanks much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Derrick Laton: Hey, good morning, it’s Derrick Laton on for Brian.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Derrick Laton: Good morning. Thanks for all the details so far. Maybe just to build on a couple of the earlier questions on wood products, certainly with lumber prices at all time highs, even mills at the high end of the cost curve are profitable there. If I could just get your sense for your expectations for the supply response in lumber and even in OSB, we've seen a lot of curtailments over the last six, twelve months. Are you expecting some of those to come flying back into the market now or maybe stay maybe stay on the sidelines for a bit?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean, obviously that's hard for us to say because each individual company has a better view on their individual cost structure. What I would say just generally, and I'll speak from our standpoint, when you think about bringing lumber capacity back on, that's usually a much easier decision because you can bring that on incrementally. And you can sort of layer it in depending on what's going on in the market, adding shifts, taking a few shifts out. That decision with respect to OSB is a bigger decision. Once you've decided that you're going to curtail a mill, from our standpoint, I think, the way we would look at it is you are going to have to have more visibility on the sustainability of this improvement when you make that decision. But obviously, each individual company will make their respective decision. But I think certainly on the lumber side, most of the capacity has come back on to take advantage of this good environment for lumber pricing.
Derrick Laton: Yes, understood, okay thanks. And then switching back to the western logs, appreciate your ability to be able to flex into the domestic market and take advantage of some better pricing there. I guess, looking at the outlook for the third quarter, I guess my expectation would have been that you're expecting the realizations to be higher just given flexing into the better domestic market. But I think it was expected to be down a little bit. Maybe you could just help me kind of square that and any other dynamics I might not be thinking about there.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, and that's really just, it's a mixed question. So the domestic log prices in the west, we are expecting to go up in Q3. But just given that the Japan market has softened a little bit because their home sales has really declined a bit this year. So that's just creating a little bit softer market, so we won't be shipping as much to Japan. Similar statement with China, with the New Zealand and European salvage wood going in there that's putting some pricing pressure there. So, we will see better realizations for the domestic logs, but it's just the overall western business as a whole, you'll see realizations go slightly down just because we'll have less export volume in the quarter.
Derrick Laton: Okay, makes sense. All right. Thanks a lot guys. And good luck.
Devin Stockfish : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, good morning.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: You talked about the very strong demand in wood products and obviously curtailments coming off, I'm just wondering in lumber, OSB and engineered products, if it was possible to say kind of where your operating rates are currently? And to the extent that you have places where you're maxed out, are there opportunities for debottlenecking, or maybe even more kind of extensive capital projects that might show up this year?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so in terms of operating rates coming out of Q2, we were in kind of the mid-to-upper 80s, somewhere in that range, may be even low 90s. OSB generally in the upper 90s, EWP, low to mid-70s. I'd say as we head into Q3, kind of going business by business, on the lumber side, there's a little bit that we can do here in the near term a few percentages to take advantage of the good markets and we're looking to do that. In terms of the longer time horizon and bottlenecking, I mean, that's certainly part of every mill's roadmap is finding what bottlenecks you have in the mill and trying to eliminate that. So, every year we do pick up a little bit of volume just through those efficiency and debottlenecking efforts. On the OSB side, again, when you are operating in the high 90s, there's really not a whole lot left there, maybe, low single digits in terms of opportunity in the near term. You don't have as many debottlenecking opportunities in an OSB mill. Oftentimes it's the press or something right around the press, that's the bottleneck and that's a pretty large capital investment to really do that. So not a whole lot more upside on the OSB side. EWP, I do think that there's opportunity for a little bit more pickup there. And so we're looking at that, but again that's really going to be dependent on what market conditions look like.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's, very helpful. And then just switching to the sustainability initiatives that you've outlined, understanding it's a very long term undertaking, could you just talk broadly about maybe the potential kind of financial opportunity for Weyerhaeuser, if we actually had kind of a functioning carbon market and just maybe more broadly the importance of ESG for Weyerhaeuser?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so this is really exciting for us, we've had a lot of internal work going on around putting out this new strategy. I think it really reflects a commitment on behalf of the company to really double down on our sustainability efforts. And so I'm really excited about this. I think there are opportunities really across the board with this new sustainability strategy, in terms of how we deal with our employees, our workforce, our communities. And so there's a lot more there than just the economic side. But on the economics and business side, certainly, I think, as we look forward, there are a couple of opportunities I would highlight. The first of which is mass timber, CLT. That's a market that does seem to be picking up momentum. You've seen a number of projects come out. It's moving quicker than I had anticipated even 12, 18 months ago. And so that's a market, I think, that will benefit the industry as a whole more wood demand is obviously good. And I think there's a growing appreciation for the value of wood-based construction relative to other materials and building materials from an environmental standpoint.  But specifically to the carbon market, I do think that this is an opportunity. You just have to look around the corporate landscape. And most big companies have announced some initiative or another to be carbon neutral, or even some trying to be carbon negative. There really aren't any technologies out there that are better suited to take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere than trees and forests. And so I think there is an opportunity over time. But the one thing I would caution is we're in the early stages of this. We need to figure out the mechanics for developing these markets, either private or public. It needs to be something that's beneficial to everyone involved in the process. And so, we're looking at that, it's something that we're actively assessing to determine how are we going to create these markets. So I think we're in the early stages, but over the long-term, I absolutely do believe this is an opportunity for us. And I think Weyerhaeuser has a role to play in something that we can really develop a nice business around.
Anthony Pettinari: Great. I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. 
Mark Connelly: Thank you. You had some big changes obviously in market conditions this quarter. And I'm curious if the speed of those changes led you to find anything that you want to approach differently in operational excellence, or new opportunities or shortcomings in IT, that sort of thing, whether there's opportunities to get more nimble or more efficient?
Devin Stockfish: Well, I think, in terms of how we've dealt with what is really an unprecedented level of volatility in our markets, I would say I'm just extremely pleased with how nimble the organization has been. Certainly, I think, the investments that we've made over the last five to 10 years in information technology has made this whole transition to more remote working and changing business practices doable. I think if this had happened 10 years ago, this would have been a very much different and more challenging environment. So I think the organization is…
Mark Connelly : And that spend wasn't very popular when you made it.
Devin Stockfish: Well, IT spending never is, but I think for most people that have ever a business you know that if you don't have that infrastructure it's very hard to be successful in a lot of different areas. So it's necessary, it's important. I think we're seeing the benefits of it as we speak and we'll continue to, as we go forward. In terms of OpEx specifically, to my mind, the silver lining here is we have really, I think, demonstrated the importance of OpEx. I think the strategy is being further appreciated across the workforce just the ability to continue to operate well, the cost structure, it gives you so much more flexibility when you have these market disruption. So, my sense is that there is an even greater appreciation for all of the OpEx work that we've been doing and the importance when you're going through some of these markets swings.
Mark Connelly : That's super. And just a broader question, in the past year we saw home builders struggling to find enough labor. Now you've got big markets like Houston with COVID issues. Are you seeing any of that sort of issue start to creep up? Is that part of the caution that you're thinking about?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean the labor issue hasn't gone away for certain. I think obviously the demand side has picked up over the last several months. And so I think the builders are trying to build as many homes as they can. But the labor issue that we've been dealing with for many years didn't disappear. It's still out there. I haven't heard the builders really talk much to us about COVID specific labor concerns. I would imagine there must be some around the margins. It's not something that we've heard a lot about. But I think that is something that will continue to be a struggle is just finding enough labor to put up houses as quickly as the builders want to build them.
Mark Connelly : Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. 
Paul Quinn : Yes, thanks very much. Good morning Devin. Good morning Russell. 
Devin Stockfish: Good morning Paul.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Paul Quinn : Maybe just starting on Timberlands. Just wondering a couple of years ago, U.S. log exports out of the south to China, were really picking up where is that market sitting? And then flipping over to the west, when do you expect that Japanese market and China I guess now to rebound?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so out of the south, we had been growing that market. I mean, it was a really small piece of our overall business, but we had seen pretty strong growth on Southern Exports of Southern Yellow Pine into China. When the trade war broke out and the 25% tariff came into place that really put a pretty hefty headwind in there. And so we had kept that market open, just really at levels low enough that we could keep, or – levels that we could keep the supply chain open. When the tariffs came off and when you saw radiata and the European salvage wood back off and Q2, we did ramp that back up again. Those logs do compete with radiata pine, they compete with the salvage wood to some extent. And so, I think, for the next few quarters, as we see those volumes kind of spike up again we'll probably take our foot off the gas a little bit, but we're still shipping wood into that market, we anticipate continuing to do that. We're shipping into India again in small volumes. But those are markets, I think, in the near term might be a little stressed from a southern export standpoint just because of the European salvage wood. But over the long-term, those markets are going to be good for us. I think there's a home for southern yellow pine. We continue to develop a customer base. So good long-term market for us. Out of the west, I think, that Japan market, the softness that we're seeing, it's really three things. It's the demographics, the population is shrinking in Japan. And so, over the long-term, that's not ideal for housing. But it's been a slow decline and our customers have held market share. So that in and of itself, I think, we managed through. This year, it's just had the extra stresses of the increase in the consumption tax and obviously COVID-19 related disruptions. So, I think it's going to be a tough year from a housing standpoint in Japan. I'm hopeful you'll see that start to come back similar to other economies as we move past the COVID pandemic. But again, it's still a good market for us. We're still going to ship logs there. It's just a little bit softer as all.
Mark Connelly: Okay and a question on wood products. I mean, you guys signaled that you exited Q2 back at pre-COVID levels of production. What do you think the volume pickup will be in lumber OSB from Q2 to Q3?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I'd say in lumber and OSB, it's probably low single digits. As the quarter progressed, we brought that production back. And I think importantly the mills ran remarkably well. The reliability that – reliability work that they have been doing over the last year or so is starting to yield real benefits. And so we were getting a lot of good production for every hour that we were operating. So I think it's, low single digits. We'll try to take advantage where we can. But there's not a whole lot left there. I think on EWP, it's probably slightly more than that. But again, that will depend on what market conditions look like over the back half of the year.
Mark Connelly: Alright. That's all I have. Best of luck. Thanks.
Devin Stockfish: Alright, thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thank you. I got booted off the call, so I was also out of the queue.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Steve Chercover: Glad to be here. So you did do a remarkable job on the cost side manufacturing. So the first question is do you think you can hold that progress stable in Q3?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I mean the whole essence of our operating strategy and it's Wood Products, but it's also Timberland, it's the company as a whole, is we are working on OpEx in every nook and cranny of the entire company. And so it's become cultural, it's become the expectation. People throughout the company, whether you're in a leadership role, or whether you're operating equipment in the mill, are looking for opportunities to improve. So I have every expectation that we will hold and continue to improve our cost structure going forward.
Steve Chercover: Terrific, that's what I was hoping to hear. So with that in mind, and with the expectation of lower log costs and record high lumber and OSB that are, you know, pretty much booked through the end of the quarter, I think. Do you think you can approach, meet or exceed the results you did in Q2 2018, which is the best of the modern era?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so, I think, it's a little early for us to offer that specific of guidance. I agree with you. We have pretty good visibility through August. I think September, we'll see we're hopeful, but I think we're watching what happens post, Labor Day pretty closely. So ultimately, I think, we are going to have a good quarter. We're running the business well, the pricing and demand environment on wood products is strong. So, I think, that bodes well for Q3, for sure.
Steve Chercover: Yes. Well, even the longest home run ball eventually comes back to earth. Okay. And then when we last chatted we were discussing the risk of an air pocket and Q3, which is obviously not going to materialize. So I'm just wondering, do you think that fear gets pushed into Q4 or does the net benefit of pent-up demand and low housing inventory, low rates and recovering economy outweigh unemployment and produce net-net optimism?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so, I think, the air pocket that we were concerned with never materialized. I think just the really, really strong repair and remodel demand followed by a quicker than expected recovery and housing dealt with that air pocket. I think as you get into the back half of the year, the question is, one what's going to happen with repair and remodel demand. How is that going to hold up? Is it going to hold up reasonably strong? It's going to fall off? That's something that we're watching closely. And then, I think, as we think about housing into the fall and really even into next year, at some point is the high unemployment level going to start impacting home, new home sales demand. And so, that's an open question. Certainly what we're hearing from the builders is there's a lot of demand there. So we're watching that closely as we're watching the macro conditions. But I think frankly it's a little uncertain as to how that's going play out later this year and into next year.
Steve Chercover: Sure. Okay, well thank you and stay safe.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thank you.
Devin Stockfish: Alright well, I think, that was our final question. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Please stay safe and healthy everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations and Enterprise Planning. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2020 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call.  We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is well and staying safe. I want to begin this morning by sending my heartfelt thanks to our Weyerhaeuser employees. We have remarkable people working for this company, and I'm extremely proud of their unwavering commitment to safety, operational excellence and serving our customers as we manage through this uncertain and challenging environment.  This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter results and announced further actions to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility in light of the global COVID-19 pandemic. Because our markets have evolved rapidly since the end of the first quarter, I will highlight our first quarter results and then turn my focus to current business conditions and our actions in response to COVID-19.  Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $150 million or $0.20 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Excluding a $12 million benefit from special items, we generated earnings of $138 million or $0.18 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $413 million in the first quarter, an improvement of nearly 60% compared with the fourth quarter and 13% higher than a year ago.  I'll begin the discussion of our results with some high-level comments on our first quarter business conditions. U.S. housing activity started the year very strong. Total starts averaged 1.6 million in January and February, supported by low unemployment, favorable mortgage rates and increased builder focus on bringing affordable product to market. By mid-March, however, our customers began to express some concern about the effects of social distancing mandates and stay-at-home orders, and housing activity started to weaken in certain markets. Although housing starts declined to 1.2 million for the month, our sales volumes remained steady through late March. Against this backdrop, each of our businesses delivered strong first quarter operating results despite the rapidly changing upstream market conditions.  Turning to Timberlands on Pages 6 through 8 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $105 million to first quarter earnings and $173 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA increased $15 million compared with the fourth quarter. In Western Timberlands, EBITDA increased $20 million compared with the fourth quarter. Average sales realizations and volumes for Japan export logs increased and average domestic sales realizations improved modestly.  In the western domestic market, improving demand and pricing for Douglas fir lumber drove solid demand for logs through late March and pricing for domestic logs strengthened. Logging conditions were favorable and mill inventories were adequate. Our fee harvest volumes increased slightly and costs improved seasonally due to reduced road and forestry costs as well as lower per unit logging and hauling costs.  Turning to our export markets. Log sales volumes to Japan increased substantially in the first quarter, and average sales realizations improved modestly. While Japanese housing starts were down approximately 10% year-to-date following the implementation of the consumption tax in the fourth quarter, demand from our customers who serve the post-and-beam market increased due to limited availability of Canadian export logs and reduced imports of competing European laminated beams.  As expected, our China export sales volumes declined significantly in the first quarter as we flexed our volumes to the domestic market to capture higher-margin opportunities. Softwood log inventory to Chinese ports nearly doubled in the first quarter to 7.1 million cubic meters. Takeaway was weak as sawmills and construction sites closed for the Lunar New Year holiday and did not begin to reopen until COVID-related restrictions eased in mid-March.  Log supply from New Zealand and Europe remained abundant for most of the first quarter, and our sales realizations decreased slightly compared with the fourth quarter. Relative to the year ago quarter, our total western log export revenue declined due to significantly lower sales volumes to China, partially offset by higher volumes to Japan.  Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands EBITDA decreased $7 million compared with the fourth quarter. Demand remained steady through late March as unseasonably wet weather reduced grade log availability across many southern markets. Our fee harvest volume declined 7% compared with the fourth quarter, primarily due to seasonally lower stumpage sales. Average sales realizations declined slightly due to mix.  Comparing our overall Southern Timberlands first quarter results with the year ago period, EBITDA declined by $12 million due to lower fee harvest volumes and modestly lower average sales realizations.  In Northern Timberlands, EBITDA was comparable with the fourth quarter and $4 million lower than the first quarter a year ago. Fee harvest volumes declined due to the sale of our Michigan Timberlands, and average sales realizations improved primarily due to mix.  Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, Pages 9 and 10. Real Estate and ENR contributed $36 million to first quarter earnings and $101 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter EBITDA was $64 million higher than the fourth quarter and $5 million lower than the year ago period. Compared with the fourth quarter, real estate sales were significantly higher due to an increase in the number of acres sold. We experienced strong interest in real estate across our markets throughout much of the first quarter.  In Energy and Natural Resources, construction materials volumes were seasonally lower. Average price per acre declined, and average land basis as a percentage of real estate sales, was higher due to the mix of properties sold. First quarter real estate sales included some low productivity acreage in Southern Oregon that we acquired with the Plum Creek merger.  Wood Products, Pages 11 and 12. Wood Products contributed $134 million to first quarter earnings and $184 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA increased $74 million or almost 70% compared with the fourth quarter and was 60% higher than the first quarter a year ago on improved commodity realizations and higher sales volumes across all product lines.  Our first quarter Wood Products performance was outstanding. Our relentless focus on safety and efforts to drive reliability and cost structure improvements continues to yield positive results and has never been more important than it is today. I'm extremely proud of the progress that our teams continue to make on the operational excellence front.  EBITDA for lumber increased $36 million compared with the fourth quarter. Strong housing activity drove improved demand and benchmark pricing trended higher through much of the first quarter. Our sales volumes improved modestly and average lumber realizations improved 7% over the fourth quarter.  In the first quarter, our lumber operations delivered the lowest quarterly controllable manufacturing cost on record and also set a new monthly record in March. Compared with the first quarter a year ago, lumber EBITDA improved by $32 million due to improved realizations, higher sales volumes and lower per unit manufacturing costs.  In OSB, EBITDA improved $26 million compared with the fourth quarter. Realizations improved significantly, and sales volumes were moderately higher. Our OSB business delivered the lowest quarterly controllable unit manufacturing cost in our history. On average, the benchmark OSB composite price increased 22% compared with the fourth quarter.  Our average realizations increased 14% as the length of our order files creates a lag between published and realized pricing. Compared with the year ago quarter, OSB EBITDA increased $26 million. Average sales realizations increased 10%. Fiber costs declined, and sales volumes were higher. Engineered Wood Products EBITDA improved by $10 million compared with the fourth quarter. Sales volumes for solid section and I-joists were moderately higher due to strong construction activity. Per unit manufacturing cost improved relative to the fourth quarter with seasonally higher operating rates.  Average sales realizations for both solid section products and I-joists decreased by 1% due to mix. Compared with the first quarter a year ago, EBITDA improved $4 million due to higher sales volumes and lower fiber and unit manufacturing costs. Distribution EBITDA increased by $4 million due to higher sales volumes and improved product margins compared with the fourth quarter. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA increased by $8 million due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by higher delivery and warehouse costs.  Turning now to operational excellence. In the first quarter, each of our businesses made good progress against our $50 million to $70 million OpEx target for 2020, and we remain focused on delivering industry-leading performance across a wide range of market conditions. This commitment to operational excellence and having the right cost structure has never been more essential, and our focus is unwavering.  Let me turn now to the recent deterioration of industry-wide business conditions in the second quarter and the actions that we've taken to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility and maintain our capital structure in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. Then I'll turn it over to Russell to discuss our financial position and second quarter outlook. At the end of March, the rapid deterioration in macroeconomic conditions began to translate into weaker demand across our value chain. In April, as stay-at-home orders were enacted across the nation and unemployment began to rise, our homebuilder customers started to report steep declines in buyer traffic and increasing cancellation rates. Likewise, many of our building products dealer customers communicated that they were experiencing sharply lower order files.  While residential construction was designated an essential industry in most jurisdictions, allowing for continued construction activity, the impacts of stay-at-home orders and general economic uncertainty on potential homebuyers translated into significant slowing of housing activity in late March and throughout April. And obviously, the impacts in regions where state and local restrictions prohibited construction were even more pronounced. Although takeaway from our home improvement warehouse customers has remained solid, the pandemic-related reductions in construction activity have resulted in a significant drop-off in overall demand for wood products. Across our Timberlands segment, demand for fiber logs has held up well. But many domestic sawlog customers have curtailed production in response to weaker wood products demand. In total, we have noted curtailments at over 100 customer destinations, reducing sawlog demand by approximately 25% in April versus March.  For our Real Estate and ENR segment, social distancing and other measures have curtailed real estate broker activity and increased the time required to finance, close and record transactions.  So in summary, we have seen a steady decline across all of our markets over the last month. Importantly, however, our businesses were well prepared to rapidly respond to the changing market dynamics. In Wood Products, we've reduced operating capacity by 15% to 35% across our manufacturing businesses to align our production with customer demand, and we quickly pulled back on discretionary capital expenditures and other operating costs.  We have continued to safely deliver on our value proposition of quality, reliability and logistics expertise despite the broad social and economic disruptions. This has further enhanced our position as a preferred supplier for our customers. In Timberlands, we opportunistically flexed volume into the China market in April to capitalize on improved demand and pricing. We also leveraged our vertical integration, reoptimizing log procurement across our Wood Products segment to facilitate increased fee harvest consumption by our internal mills. These actions offset all of our demand reduction in the U.S. West for the month of April. However, they mitigated only a portion of the reduction we're seeing in the southern demand.  In light of these market conditions, we are reducing our planned 2020 southern harvest volume by approximately 10% to match our supply with the lower demand. We will continue to closely monitor market conditions and take the necessary steps to align our operations and production levels to evolving customer demand. In general, current economic data and forecast lead us to believe that our near-term business conditions will remain challenged for some period of time. Key indicators that we are monitoring include unprecedented levels of weekly unemployment claims, rapidly rising mortgage forbearance requests, record declines in consumer sentiment and builder confidence, mortgage purchase applications substantially below year ago levels, tighter mortgage credit availability, and estimates for a continued near-term contraction in U.S. GDP.  Further, there continues to be a high level of uncertainty regarding the duration and magnitude of the societal and economic impacts of this COVID-19 pandemic. The time line for effective medical treatments and vaccines is unclear. Recent steps toward economic reopening are positive, but we expect the trajectory of the economic recovery will be bumpy and gradual. This drives significant uncertainty regarding the medium-term outlook for U.S. housing activity. We anticipate that pricing and demand will remain choppy across our markets for much of 2020. Once stay-at-home orders are lifted, our customers tell us they anticipate a near-term pickup in activity as builders complete in-process homes and work through pre-pandemic order backlogs. However, following that immediate surge, most are anticipating lower sales and construction activity until employment and consumer confidence materially improve.  In light of these expectations, we're taking actions to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility and maintain our capital structure during this unprecedented time. First, we're cutting 2020 capital expenditures by $90 million. Second, we're reducing nonessential expenses by $55 million. This includes G&A and operating expense reductions across our businesses and corporate functions. Third, we will defer $25 million of federal payroll tax payments until 2021. Fourth, our senior management team and Board of Directors have elected to reduce their compensation for the remainder of 2020. I will reduce my base salary by 30%. Our Board will reduce its fees by 20% and the remainder of our senior management team will reduce their base salaries by 10%. And finally, our Board of Directors is temporarily suspending the quarterly dividend. The dividend suspension is an extremely difficult decision but one that we believe is prudent given deteriorating end market conditions and a highly uncertain economic environment.  I want to be clear that returning cash to shareholders through a sustainable dividend is a core part of our balanced capital allocation philosophy. The Board will regularly evaluate opportunities to reinitiate an appropriate quarterly cash dividend as soon as practicable. This evaluation will take into account a number of variables, including the broader macroeconomic environment, our market conditions and customer demand as well as the company's cash flow, liquidity and leverage.  I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss financial items and our second quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Devin, and good morning. While we're expecting challenging market conditions until the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic recede, we are confident that the actions we have taken will enable us to maintain a strong financial position through this unprecedented time. We have a solid balance sheet, a competitive cost structure, and our 11 million acres of Timberlands provide strong asset coverage. We hold investment-grade credit ratings and remained well in compliance with our debt covenants. Moreover, our trees will continue to grow and generate value now and into the future, regardless of the economic conditions.  In the first quarter, we took several steps to enhance our financial flexibility. First, we refinanced our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility to capture more favorable pricing and extend its maturity to 2025. Second, we increased our cash on hand through a precautionary $550 million draw on our revolver. Today, this facility still has $950 million of available capacity remaining. Third, we issued $750 million of 4% notes through a public bond offering with the net proceeds to be used to repay our 2021 debt maturities. And fourth, we completed the sale of our Montana Timberlands for $145 million in cash. We originally anticipated this transaction would close in the second quarter.  These activities are reflected on Page 14, which summarizes our key financial items for the quarter. We ended the first quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion, excluding the cash earmarked for repayment of the 2021 maturities and the $550 million draw on our revolver, which we will repay when appropriate. We had approximately $170 million of cash on hand at the end of the first quarter. This is in line with our typical cash balance.  Our gross debt outstanding increased during the quarter due to the bond offering and the revolver raw. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we submitted notice that this month, we will be redeeming our $569 million notes due in March 2021. Following this repayment, we have a total debt of approximately $6.8 billion. We intend to repay $150 million debt note in 2021 at maturity. After these repayments, we have no additional debt maturities until 2023. These actions are consistent with our strategy to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility in this uncertain environment.  Turning to cash flow. Cash from operations during the first quarter was $86 million. First quarter cash flow is typically lower due to seasonal working capital increases and higher quarterly interest payments. Cash from investing totaled $441 million. This includes $362 million of cash from the maturity of our last variable interest entity and $145 million from our Montana Timberlands sale.  Our capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled $68 million. As Devin mentioned, we are reducing our 2020 CapEx by $90 million to help preserve liquidity, $75 million of reductions will come from wood products, where we are eliminating discretionary capital projects and cutting back to the low end of the maintenance capital range, $10 million will come from Timberlands and $5 million from corporate.  Our revised guidance for total 2020 CapEx is approximately $270 million. This includes $110 million for Timberlands, inclusive of reforestation costs [Technical Difficulty]. Can you still hear us? So I assume we can be heard. We'll keep going.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Let's continue.
Russell Hagen: All right. looking forward, key outlook items for the second quarter and the full year are presented on Pages 15 and 16. In our Timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly lower than the first quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, domestic mill log inventories were above target in early April as lumber mills reduced production in response to the uncertain market environment. By month end, log inventories came into balance as customers limited log purchases to align with planned production.  As Devin mentioned, our Western Timberlands team was able to leverage our scale, customer diversity and collaboration with our mills to offset all of the demand reductions we experienced in April. As a result, even with current market conditions, we expect our second quarter domestic log sales volumes will be comparable with the first quarter.  Average log sales realizations are expected to be lower than first quarter levels, and forestry and road spending will increase as we enter the spring and summer months. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, a significant amount of residential construction activity has been curtailed due to COVID-19 outbreak. Demand for logs remained steady in April but is expected to soften as the quarter progresses. We expect our second quarter Japanese export log sales volumes and realizations will be lower than the first quarter. We expect our Chinese export log sales volumes and realizations to increase in the second quarter.  In early March, Chinese log importers began to apply for and were granted exemptions from tariffs imposed on U.S. softwood logs. As COVID-19-related restrictions eased in China, construction activity has resumed and log takeaways returned to more normal levels. Disruptions to the supply of competing logs out of New Zealand and Europe, coupled with additional takeaway, has driven improved demand and pricing for our western export logs.  We anticipate minimal effect on second quarter market conditions from the recent easing of restrictions of the New Zealand forestry operations. In the south, manufacturing shift reductions and curtailments reduced demand for our grade logs by over 30% in the month of April. Demand for fiber logs remained stable as increased production of hygiene products offsets weaker demand for printing and writing papers. We expect our second quarter fee harvest volumes will decline approximately 5% to 10% compared with the first quarter. Average log sales realizations will be slightly lower than the first quarter, primarily due to mix as we expect a greater proportion of fiber log sales as we continue to shift to more thinning activities.  We are seeing increased interest in exports of our southern yellow pine logs to China as waivers are granted for the ongoing 25% tariff. In the North, second quarter fee harvest volumes will be lower than the first quarter due to the spring breakup season. As Devin indicated, we expect to reduce our southern fee harvest by approximately 10% this year to align with our production with reduced sawlog demand. As a result, we are updating our total fee harvest guidance to between 33 million and 34 million tons for the full year 2020. We do not anticipate material changes to our western fee harvest volumes.  Clearly, second quarter activity is highly uncertain. Assuming current market conditions persist, we anticipate earnings and adjusted EBITDA for our Timberlands business will be approximately $50 million to $60 million lower than the first quarter. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We anticipate second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA for this segment will be approximately $20 million lower than the second quarter of 2019 due to fewer real estate acres sold. We expect second quarter land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be moderately higher than the first quarter 2020.  In real estate, we continue to experience demand and interest in our properties with social distancing and other measures have curtailed broker activity and lengthened the time required to finance, close and record transactions. Demand for smaller HBU transactions remain steady. The volume of larger transactions requiring financing is slowing due to challenging credit availability. In Energy and Natural Resources, second quarter activity has been stable, but we anticipate adjusted EBITDA will decrease as the year progresses due to lower demand for construction materials and reduced interest in new oil and gas leasing activity. As a result, we are lowering our full year adjusted EBITDA guidance for Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources to $200 million. This is a $55 million reduction from our prior guidance.  We continue to anticipate land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be between 55% and 65% for the year. For our Wood Products segment, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly lower than the first quarter 2020 and the second quarter of 2019. We anticipate significantly lower sales volumes across all product lines in the second quarter. The market demand has deteriorated across our Wood Products businesses due to the economic impacts of COVID-19 and the related reduction in residential construction and large repair and remodel activity.  To align our production with the market demand, in April, we reduced our operating capacity by 20% for lumber and 15% for oriented strand board, and we expect to extend these reductions at similar levels in May. Across our various engineered wood products, we reduced capacity by 15% to 25% in April, and plan to reduce engineered wood products capacity by an additional 10% for the month of May.  We will continue to dynamically adjust our production to align with profitable demand. Benchmark pricing for frame and lumber composite and OSB composite have declined approximately $75 and $100, respectively, since early March. For lumber, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are $25 lower, and current realizations are $20 lower than the first quarter average, respectively.  For oriented strand board, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are $5 higher, and our current sales realizations are $20 lower than the first quarter average, respectively. It is important to note that due to the length of our order files, there is a lag between the cash benchmark price and our realizations. As a reminder, at typical operating rates for lumber, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB at typical operating rates, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis.  For engineered wood products, we expect second quarter average sales realizations will be generally comparable to the first quarter. Page 13 outlines the major components of our first quarter unallocated items. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment was comparable to the fourth quarter 2019. Special items for the first quarter consists of a $12 million benefit from the legal settlement of a legacy insurance coverage matter.  Our noncash, nonoperating pension and postretirement expense was $9 million in the first quarter, and we continue to expect approximately $40 million of expense for the full year 2020. We also continue to expect approximately $30 million of required cash payments related to our pension and postretirement plans. We do not expect to make any contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan.  As a reminder, we have reduced our future pension obligations by over $2 billion since 2018, and we have significantly reduced the plan's exposure to market and interest rate volatility by transitioning to a liability-driven investment strategy.  First quarter interest expense was $85 million. We now expect interest expense will be approximately $360 million for the full year 2020 before special items. This incorporates the previously discussed debt transactions and assumes a higher revolver balance as part of the actions to increase cash on hand.  In the second quarter, we expect to record a net pretax charge of $11 million, which will be reported as a special item as part of the early redemption of our $569 million note.  I'll close my comments with taxes. For the second quarter and the full year 2020, we now expect a modest tax benefit due to our current outlook for the remainder of the year. The tax rate will be sensitive to the level and the mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary for the year.  As previously discussed, the $90 million refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution remains in process. We anticipate receiving this refund in early 2021.  Now I'll turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you, Russell. Although we expect near-term market conditions will be very challenging, I'm highly confident that Weyerhaeuser is well positioned to successfully navigate these unprecedented times. Our strong safety culture and high level of employee engagement enabled us to rapidly implement rigorous safety measures to protect the health and well-being of our employees for the duration of this COVID-19 outbreak.  Our businesses have industry-leading scale, cost structures and supply chain expertise and an unmatched diversity of customers, products and geographic locations. Our teams are agile, innovative and committed to effectively serving our customers. We have an unrivaled portfolio of valuable timberland assets and a wood products business with a proven ability to generate cash through adverse market conditions. And we have acted prudently and decisively to preserve Weyerhaeuser's financial flexibility, maintain our capital structure and ensure we have sufficient liquidity to weather this period.  Looking forward, our confidence in the underlying thesis for the U.S. housing remains strong. In contrast to the period following the Great Recession, U.S. housing is now severely underbuilt, and evolving societal preferences as we emerge from this pandemic are likely to support strong demand for single family homes. We are confident that U.S. housing growth will resume as economic fundamentals stabilize and consumer confidence rebounds, and we are well positioned to capitalize on that trend.  We remain focused on driving long-term value for our shareholders through industry-leading operating performance and disciplined, prudent capital allocation.  And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: Two questions. The first, if you could just walk us through the thought process on choosing to suspend the dividend as opposed to resetting it to a lower level? And maybe as we think about as it gets reinstated, is that likely to be a gradual increasing process? Or do you wait until you're at a point to restore it to what you think's an appropriate ongoing level for the cycle? And then real quickly, too, if there's any help you can give us in modeling or thinking through absorption of fixed cost issues as you are taking significant volume out, particularly in the Wood Products business?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure, Mark. Well, I'll take the first two questions, and then I'll pass it over to Russell on the fixed cost question. Really, we look at this through the context of the macro environment and our market conditions. And really, as I mentioned, just an unprecedented situation in terms of what's going on with the pandemic, broad swaths of the economy being locked down. We're seeing historic levels of unemployment, GDP contraction in Q1, expectations that it's going to be much more dramatic in Q2, consumer confidence dropping, and really no clear path on the trajectory of recovery. And so really, we're expecting a significant erosion in housing and residential construction as well as, to some extent, larger remodel activity here in the near term. I think we're in the early stages of understanding what that's going to look like. It may get worse for a while. And so we're expecting that that's going to result in a very challenged and choppy pricing and demand environment for our products for much of 2020.  And our view is that the full impacts from the housing slowdown won't be seen for a while longer, just given the builders and contractors are working through existing backlogs. They're finishing up projects that are under construction. So there's likely to be a bit of a lag before we see the full impacts of the reduced wood products demand. So just a lot of uncertainty around how this is going to play out over the next few quarters. Again, we're expecting a challenging environment for most of 2020.  And so in light of that, we elected to suspend the dividend as a temporary measure to help preserve our liquidity and financial flexibility. It was obviously an extremely difficult decision. Returning cash to shareholders through a sustainable dividend remains a core part of our balanced capital allocation philosophy. However, under the circumstances, we believe this is the right action, a prudent action to take at this time, just given current business conditions, our expectations regarding a very challenged environment over the next several quarters and a high degree of uncertainty.  And so we're taking what we believe to be an appropriate and proactive set of actions to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility, and also to ensure that we maintain an appropriate level of leverage. And so that was the thought process.  In terms of the time line, just given the uncertainty, I think it's difficult right now to determine just how this is going to impact our markets over the next several quarters. So we're monitoring that closely. The Board is going to really look to see firm evidence of stabilization and recovery in our business conditions and cash flow. More specifically, we're going to be looking at a number of factors, including market conditions, customer demand, broader economic environment as well as the read-through on our cash flow, liquidity position and leverage ratios.  But I want to make this point really clear, we are committed to reinitiating a quarterly cash dividend as soon as practicable, and the Board is going to continue to evaluate that on a regular basis.  In terms of the level, we're going to look to reinitiate it at a level that is appropriate and sustainable in the context of our cash flow and our business conditions. And so I think we would be open to doing that in stages. We would expect to reinitiate the dividend at a level that it can be sustainably increased over time as markets improve. So Russell, do you want to touch on the fixed cost question?
Russell Hagen: Sure, Mark. So when you look across the business, our fixed cost structure is about 15% kind of in total. For wood products, wood fiber's the largest input cost. Lumber, it's about 2/3 of the cash costs. OSB is about half the cash cost and the other half is resin and wax. And then engineered wood products is a little less. Again, wood fiber costs and then resin and waxes.  Beyond fiber, labor is the next largest variable cost. And so then you get down to fixed overhead in our manufacturing operations, it's relatively small. Typically a mill manager, utilities, taxes, et cetera, so it's a pretty low overhead, a pretty low fixed cost structure. Timberlands, we have very low input and maintenance costs. So you really aren't incurring any costs until you cut the timber. And then in real estate, our fixed costs are really minimal, closer to like 10%, which is mostly labor because we outsource really a majority of our broker network.
Mark Weintraub: Super. Just one clarification. I'm sorry, that 15%, was that for wood products? Or was that for the overall company, the first allusion to 15%?
Russell Hagen: That's the overall company. Wood products is probably more like 18%. And then timberlands is probably right about 15%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.
John Babcock: This is actually John Babcock on the line for George. I just wanted to start out. I was wondering if you can kind of remind us what is kind of different about the southern markets versus the west, such that you are cutting harvest by 10% in the south, but with no changes in the west. I assume the export markets may have something to do with that. But then kind of the next level to the question is also if you could kind of dig a little bit more into the reduction in operating expenses and what makes that up. And also, provide a little bit more color on where you're reducing capital spending, that would be helpful.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. Well, you're right. It's a different market dynamic in the west than it is in the south. The west is fundamentally a more tensioned wood basket, and we have a diverse set of markets that we can flex volume to. And as I mentioned earlier, really, we have the domestic third party market. We have our internal mills, and then we have the export markets out of the west. And so as we saw the third-party domestic demand drop, we were able to flex additional volume to that export market. And so we anticipate that we'll be able to continue to move our volumes in the west at good margins. And so we don't anticipate a harvest reduction there.  South, a little bit different story. You don't have that same market outlet to the export markets. I will say just as an aside, we have seen the China export market start up again in the south as those tariffs have fallen off, but it's a really small percentage of our overall harvest volume. So really, when you see that domestic third-party mill consumption in the south go down dramatically, that's really what's driving the reduction.  And we come to that conclusion really by doing a wood basket-by-wood basket analysis of demand, and that 10% is really just a roll-up of that work. In terms of -- what was it -- remind me what the next question was there, John?
John Babcock: Yes. Just if you could provide detail on the operating expenses that you're planning to reduce as well as the CapEx reductions.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. In terms of the operating expenses, it really just cuts across the entirety of the company. It covers things from the obvious like reduced travel and entertainment to deferred IT projects, controlling other nondiscretionary spend really all across the entirety of the company. In terms of the CapEx, the majority of that CapEx came out of the wood products CapEx budget. And the rationale there was we're just going to defer the discretionary capital projects and really take that down, as Russell mentioned, to the bottom end of the range of our sustaining and maintenance capital range.  And so those projects that we're deferring are good projects, high-return projects. We'll get to those in the future, but I felt that, that was the prudent action to take just given the current environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs.
Derrick Laton: It's Derrick Laton on for Brian. Just a follow-up on the comments on the southern log market and the 10% reduction in the harvest for this year. I think you said maybe the demand was down about 30% in April, if that was right. And then if that's the case, then what gives you the confidence that 10% is the right cut here for 2020?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think a couple of things. First of all, if you think about the market in total, we have the fiber market and the grade market. In the fiber market, that has held up fairly well. You think about paper towel, toilet paper, the hygiene market. Demand in that segment has remained relatively strong. So the fiber market has held up fairly well. So really, what we're looking at is in the grade market. And I think one of the advantages to our system and the vertical integration that we have is we do have a little bit more flexibility when we see that third-party domestic demand fall off. We have the ability to flex additional volume into our own internal mills. And so that really gave us the flexibility to take the harvest levels down less than the overall demand reduction.
Derrick Laton: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just going back to wood products. I appreciate you saying that it's a pretty low fixed cost business. And you guys give the sensitivity to EBITDA quarterly on the price changes for lumber and OSB. But would it be safe to assume that if those are at sort of typical operating rates and where you're sort of looking at operations in the second quarter, that those sensitivity numbers might be a little bit north of what the typical ones you would provide?
Russell Hagen: No. The sensitivity numbers that we gave were on what we'd consider our typical operating rates. And so I would expect that as volume comes down, you're going to have to adjust for that.
Devin Stockfish: Adjust down.
Russell Hagen: Yes, adjust down for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Russell or Devin, I'm just -- I'm curious, are there other liquidity levers that you could pull that you'd be willing to talk about?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, Mark, really, at a high level, the 2 additional places that you can go are either nonstrategic Timberland sales or adding additional leverage to the balance sheet. Speaking to the Timberland sales, obviously, we've generated a significant amount of cash over the last few years through the transactions in Michigan and Montana. We're always looking at ways to optimize the Timberland holdings in the overall value of our portfolio. We're continuing to do that. But we're only going to do transactions that make sense, that create value, looking for the right deal, and we're going to continue to be very disciplined in terms of how we do that.  I would note, just as an aside, in terms of those larger transaction, the runway is probably a little bit longer right now just on the ground. Due diligence is a little bit more complicated with the social distancing, title work, et cetera. Some of these things are extending that runway out a little bit.  And then the other avenue is just adding additional leverage. And so as we've said, we think it's important to maintain an investment-grade credit rating. It's part of our overall balanced capital allocation philosophy. I think we saw the benefit of that in our recent bond offering. And so we're really focused on maintaining an appropriate level of leverage in this environment.  Our leverage ratio has been in excess of the 3.5x target as we maintain the dividend through an extended period of low lumber and OSB prices in late '18 and 2019. So we just didn't feel that it's prudent at this point to add additional leverage to the balance sheet in this environment. So those are the 2 primary levers in addition to the CapEx, operating cost and other changes that we announced today.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Just two other ones. I wondered first, Devin, if you can talk about how you're handling the production cutbacks, whether you're just trying to roll this across your system or whether you're shutting down or idling like particular mills. And then the other thing I'm curious about is just what you're seeing from your distribution business in terms of what the channel looks like.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, with respect to the operating posture decisions that we're making, it's really based on a few things. One is the cost structure of the individual mill. And so clearly, we're going to prioritize mills with a lower cost structure or a worse cost structure rather than our lowest cost mills as we make those decisions. We're also on a weekly and, frankly, daily basis looking at sell-through and inventory levels at the mills to make those decisions dynamically depending on what's going on in the market.  With respect to the distribution business, obviously, they're very close to the ground in terms of gauging market conditions. Generally speaking, and I think this is really true across all of the products, inventory levels are fairly low, as you would expect. I think people are cautious about building inventories in a very uncertain environment. And so there's just been a lot of purchasing kind of to cover immediate needs. Frankly, we think that's one of the things that we saw that kind of stabilized lumber prices over the last couple of weeks after we saw that initial significant drop, where people were trying to gauge what was going on in the market. People paused buying. I think there was a fair amount of destocking. And what we've seen over the last couple of weeks is people just took their inventory levels down pretty low and had to go out and cover. But I would say on balance, inventory levels are still pretty low across the system.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Two things. You've said for quite a while that you run real estate to generate steady cash but not growing cash. Given your comments, Russell, should we assume that, that sort of $250 million normal target is also subject to review alongside the dividends?
Russell Hagen: Yes, Mark, you're correct. I mean, we've kind of set that business at about a $250 million plus run rate. And we still believe that over the long term, once we get through this COVID disruption that, that business will return to that type of a cash flow profile.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And the second question is just about small land owners to the south. We were seeing small private owners of land working pretty hard to get their trees cut in the first quarter despite the weather, which leads me to think that they were already looking to raise cash. Do you -- are you expecting that side of the business to curtail as quickly as you do or more than you do?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think with respect to the small landowners, I would expect that they're going to likely be some of the first to turn off their production They don't necessarily have the same delivered model that a lot of the bigger players do. They rely more on stumpage. And so as the mills dial back their consumption, oftentimes that stumpage is one of the first to go. So yes, we would expect that, that would be a segment that would get turned off earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover: I wanted to take a little bit different spin on Mark Weintraub's question. We were off to a great start in wood products with better housing late last year, good housing start applications and spiking prices until the end of February. So if we had never heard of COVID, do you think you would have taken any action on your dividend at all?
Devin Stockfish: As we think about the way the year started with 1.6 million housing starts in each of those months, that kind of 1.5 million housing start level is really where we had expected this market to be even years ago. And so in that environment, as we showed with our first quarter results, we generate a lot of cash flow out of our businesses. And so certainly, as we think about the ability to generate significant EBITDA across our businesses in that environment, and our commitment to return significant amount of that cash flow back to shareholders, certainly, in that environment, I don't believe we would be taking the actions we announced today by any means.
Steven Chercover: Okay. And just wondering why did you mention the fact that Weyerhaeuser will remain in compliance with REIT taxable income, the doctrine? Because presumably, you will be reinstating the dividend in due course and possibly at a lower rate. So why was that necessary to even mention?
Russell Hagen: Yes. Steve, this is Russell. I think through the suspension of the dividend, I guess, the question arises, can we meet that 90% minimum distribution required in the REIT income. And so we have no -- we have complete confidence we can manage the distribution requirement and in no way put the REIT status in jeopardy. We did make the dividend payment in the first quarter of $254 million. And then we have net operating losses that we can carry forward to offset any other REIT income in absence of the dividend.
Devin Stockfish: I mean, the real answer is we just -- we didn't want there to be any confusion about that fact. So that's why we put it in there.
Steven Chercover: You remain a REIT. Got it.
Devin Stockfish: Yes.
Steven Chercover: Okay. One other question on a different tangent. To the extent that you have sawmills in close proximity to tissue and board mills, which are running flat out, are you seeing a spike in chip or residual prices? And can you take advantage of that by maybe being a little less precise on your cuts?
Devin Stockfish: Well, we would -- I don't think it would necessarily be less precise on our cuts. But I -- but certainly, to the extent that the pulp mills are in proximity to sawlog or sawmills that have reduced production and are thereby producing fewer chips, the market for that is stronger. And so we'll certainly take advantage of that. But honestly, in the grand scheme of things, that's really around the margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Collin Mings from Raymond James.
Collin Mings: Apologize if I missed this when we cut out, but I just wanted to go back to some of the discussions on capital allocation over the near to intermediate term. Just to clarify, will the only focus be on preserving liquidity? Or is there any appetite for share repurchases just given where the stock price is? It sounds like, again, in response to an earlier question, roughly, you kind of highlighted the goal of keeping leverage at a manageable level. But just kind of curious as you think about the alternatives out there where share buybacks might fit in.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, as we've said before, share repurchase can be a good tool for returning cash to shareholders under the right circumstances. And certainly, we believe the underlying value of the company is not fully reflected in the current stock price. But we would balance share repurchase against other capital allocation priorities. And I think as conditions improve, we're likely to prioritize reinitiating the cash dividend over share repurchase.
Collin Mings: Got it. Just going to the ENR guidance as well. Can you maybe just elaborate a little bit more on the reduction you outlined in the prepared remarks? Russell, I know you particularly highlighted that a lot seems tied to the challenges associated with closing deals in the current environment. But just to clarify, are you seeing any shift in demand or prices buyers are willing to pay? Or is it just really just kind of that timing lag? And then on a related note, is the lower contribution from energy and natural resources, kind of that component of the business, can you quantify that at all?
Russell Hagen: Sure. So I would say on the real estate, we continue to see demand for the HBU properties, and the values are remaining strong. We have a really large program. I think as we look at the components of the program, we need to kind of break it into two pieces. We have small-sized HBU properties, and those are typically under around $500,000. That's really a majority of the deals that we close, and that's pretty sustained activity. Those are typically cash buyers. They're not as complex to complete. We are seeing some delays just because of the social distancing, et cetera.  The larger HBU deals, and this is -- this is really what we're looking for adjusting kind of our guidance on this is the deals that are over $500,000 or the larger ones, especially the ones that require financing. We're experiencing some slowdown in those, and that's really due to the challenges of getting the credit in place. So that's primarily the driver on the adjustment for the HBU sales.  But the fundamentals of the HBU market really haven't changed. One thing that we're seeing and we're hearing, we're definitely getting a lot more traffic kind of on our websites. I think that's because people have more time to spend on the Internet. But we are seeing more interest in people seeking out some space. It's very profitable to provide that opportunities so they can meet that future demand.  As far as the ENR EBITDA, that's really driven by lower construction material volumes. One second, guys. We're going to fix this. [Technical Difficulty]. Okay. Sorry, we had a little feedback on our side. So for the ENR, that's really lower construction materials volumes. The primary driver is just a slowdown of activity because of COVID and then we have less lease activity. I would say if you look at 2019, 20% reduction in the real estate kind of EBITDA and then a 20% reduction applied to the ENR EBITDA kind of gets you to where that adjustment is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari.
Randy Toth: This is actually Randy Toth sitting in for Anthony. Just quickly on the U.S. south export business. Have conversations begun with Chinese log importers regarding the purchase of timberland out of the U.S. south? And could that business come back quickly? Or does the waiver nature of the tariff relief limit demand? Any color there would be helpful.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So a couple of things on the China export market, and this is true really across the west and the south, and then I'll get specifically to the south. As we got into the late March and April period, we did see a reduction in the amount of log flow from New Zealand and Europe hitting that market, and that created an opportunity for U.S. logs to hit that market. At the same time, our importers from China applied for and received exemptions from the retaliatory tariffs. And so in the west, that was 5%; in the south, that's 25%. In the south, taking that 25% tariff off really opened that market back up. And so we've been ramping up our production for the export market out of the south. And I think as long as that tariff stays off, there will continue to be a good opportunity for us to grow that business.
Randy Toth: Okay. Understood. And then just maybe switching gears to the OpEx opportunities for the year. I was surprised with CapEx being cut by 30% or so. OpEx expectations remain unchanged. Can you maybe touch on what is driving that and the projects being pursued this year?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. A few things. And clearly, the capital that we've put back into the business, particularly on the wood products side, has really facilitated a lot of the cost reductions and other operating improvements that we've seen. But what gives us, I think, confidence at this point is against that $50 million to $70 million target, we got off to a really good start in Q1. And as we think about the OpEx opportunities, not all of those are specifically capital related. They are continuing to focus on getting better recovery, better reliability, better -- higher-margin product production out of our mills. Those things we can continue to do even with the reduction in CapEx. Similarly on the timberland side, the things that we're doing about mechanized logging and improving the haul and logging efficiency. We're going to continue to work those. Yes, it does get a little bit more challenging in this environment, but OpEx has become such an important part of the culture at Weyerhaeuser. I'm confident that our colleagues and the businesses will continue to drive that even in this challenged environment.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Paul Quinn of RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Just two questions. One, in reference to Steve's question on the dividend. Devin, you made a comment that at 1.5 million housing starts, Weyerhaeuser throws off a lot of cash. Does that kind of imply that if we get back to U.S. starts at 1.5 million, you're able to reinstate the dividend at sort of $1 billion a year level?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Again, so our view is that we're going to reinitiate it as soon as practicable. I think it's really going to be dependent on what the cash flow and operating environment look like. Certainly, as housing eventually improves back to a level that we had expected, that gives us a lot more flexibility to continue to increase the dividend. But for us, that doesn't necessarily require that level of housing starts for us to reinitiate. We would look to do that as soon as we can and then adjust that as market conditions improve.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then you made an interesting comment about moving more Weyerhaeuser logs to Weyerhaeuser processing facilities. So I'm just wondering what your self-sufficiency was before that initiative in the west and the south and what it is after, i.e., with the incremental differences?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So typically, about 50% of the logs coming into our mills come from our fee ownership. And obviously, that varies depending on region, but that's the average across the system. That's gone up a bit in this environment, probably 10%, 15% across the system. And again, I think just that vertical integration gives us the flexibility to move those logs to our internal mills when that makes sense and when market conditions require it.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And just maybe as a follow-up, how does that 50% differ regionally? Is that higher in the U.S. south than the west?
Devin Stockfish: It's pretty similar across the west and the south. We do have Timberlands on the Atlantic Coast where we don't have mills. So obviously, we don't have fee logs going into our internal mills in the Atlantic Coast. But pretty much everywhere else, we have pretty good alignment between our fee ownership and our mill manufacturing.  All right. That was our final question. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser company.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everybody, for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations and Enterprise Planning. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Beth Baum: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2019 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on this website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides, concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call, this morning, are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported a full-year net loss of $76 million or $0.10 per diluted share driven by a previously reported $0.47 non-cash pension settlement charge. Excluding special items, our full-year 2019 earnings totaled $285 million or $0.39 per share. For the fourth quarter, we reported a GAAP loss of $14 million or $0.02 per diluted share. Excluding net charges of $37 million for special items, we earned $23 million or $0.03 per diluted share for the quarter. Throughout 2019, all of our businesses executed well despite significant headwinds from sluggish housing activity in the first half of the year, persistently challenged commodity prices and continued global trade uncertainty. I’m extremely proud of our accomplishments in 2019, which included achieving record low controllable manufacturing cost in our lumber and oriented strand board operations, capturing over $100 million of operational excellence improvements, delivering the highest EBITDA ever from our real estate energy and natural resources business, delivering a 61% premium to timber value from real estate sales, strategically optimizing portions of our Northern timberlands portfolio, for total proceeds of nearly $450 million, reducing our pension obligations by $1.5 billion, and returning over $1 billion of cash to shareholders. Before I dive into our fourth quarter business results, let me set the stage with some brief remarks on the housing market. The improved pace of U.S. housing activity that emerged during the third quarter continued steadily through year end. Building activity in December was particularly strong. For the year, U.S. housing starts totaled 1.29 million, a 3% improvement, compared with the year ago. Looking forward, economic fundamental support continued growth in U.S. housing activity. Real wages and household incomes are increasing. The unemployment rate is at a 50-year low, household formations are at levels well above the historical average, mortgage rates remain extremely favorable at 3.6%, Homebuilder sentiment is at the highest level since 1999. The inventory of new and existing homes for sale is low and builders continue to shift more products to serve the significant demand for affordable housing. However, notwithstanding these positive demand fundamentals, we do expect the upside on housing will continue to be governed by many of the same supply-side challenges that we faced for a number of years. These include labor availability, lot availability, and regulatory burdens that make it more difficult to bring affordable housing to market. As we enter 2020, unadjusted housing starts have exceeded 1.3 million on a run rate basis for eight of the last nine months, a sign that supply-side infrastructure can support this level of increased activity. Our outlook is for continued modest growth in U.S. housing. For 2020, we anticipate just over 1.3 million starts with the improvement driven primarily by additional single-family activity. Turning now to our fourth quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands, charts five through seven. Timberlands contributed $85 million to fourth quarter earnings before special items and $158 million to adjusted EBITDA. Western Timberlands EBITDA increased $14 million, compared with the third quarter. Average sales realizations for domestic and Japanese export logs increased and road and forestry expenses were seasonally lower. In the West, fourth quarter weather was milder than normal and log supply remained above average due to favorable logging conditions. Domestic demand remained steady through the quarter as Western lumber pricing improved and mills took limited holiday downtime. In our export markets, our average log sales realizations to Japan increased slightly, compared with the third quarter, while log sales volumes were slightly lower. Although Japanese housing starts have moderated somewhat following the recent increase in the consumption tax, the effect on our key post and beam end-market has been minimal. Post and beam starts were down only 1.5% year-to-date through November and demand for our logs remained solid. In addition, a reduction in Canadian log exports to Japan is driving some Japanese saw millers to seek additional U.S. log supply. In China, the market for U.S. logs weakened in the fourth quarter as abundant competition from salvaged European spruce logs continued to pressure pricing downward. Total log inventories at Chinese ports increased 6% during the quarter and ended the year at a relatively balanced 3.7 million cubic meters. However, the share of European spruce has continued to grow. Through November, European logs comprised about 17% of China's year-to-date softwood log imports, compared with only 3% in 2018. Our fourth quarter China export realizations decreased, compared with the third quarter and sales volumes declined. Although demand for our China export logs continues to hold up fairly well, we're choosing to flex volume to the domestic market to capture higher margin opportunities. Compared with the year ago quarter, our total Western log export revenue decreased significantly due to lower sales realizations and volumes in China and Japan. Moving to the south, Southern Timberlands EBITDA decreased $6 million, compared with the third quarter. Southern log supplies tighten briefly in October, due to wet weather, but normalized quickly thereafter with more favorable operating conditions. Mill inventories remained well supplied through the fourth quarter and our average log realizations decreased 1%. Fee harvest volumes declined 3%, compared with the third quarter. Although we had hoped to fully catch up on thinning activity postponed during the unusually wet conditions in early 2019, we were unable to complete all of the activity during the fourth quarter. On the export side, we continued to operate our Southern log export business at minimal volumes, due to the ongoing 25% Chinese tariff on Southern yellow pine logs. Comparing overall Southern Timberlands fourth quarter results with the year ago quarter, EBITDA decreased by $4 million, due to lower fee harvest volumes and higher road costs. This was partially offset by higher average Southern saw log realizations. Northern Timberlands EBITDA decreased $1 million, compared with third quarter and $3 million, compared with the fourth quarter of 2018. The harvest volumes decreased due to the sale of our Michigan timberlands, which closed in November. Average realizations decreased slightly. Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources, charts eight and nine. Real Estate and ENR contributed $22 million to fourth quarter earnings and $37 million to adjusted EBITDA. For the full-year, the segment generated $274 million of EBITDA, an increase of $10 million from 2018. Fourth quarter EBITDA was $23 million lower than the third quarter and $53 million lower than a year ago periods, due to the timing of real estate sales. Construction materials and energy royalties also decreased slightly. As expected, the number of acres sold in the fourth quarter decreased significantly, compared with the third quarter and the fourth quarter of 2018. During 2019, our Real Estate sales activity was heavily weighted towards the first half of the year, whereas in 2018, most of our sales occurred in the third and fourth quarters. Average price per acre was comparable to the third quarter and the year ago quarter and average land basis, as a percentage of Real Estate sales, was lower due to the transaction mix. Wood Products, charts 10 and 11. Wood Products contributed $60 million to fourth quarter earnings and $110 million to adjusted EBITDA. I am very pleased with our fourth quarter Wood Products performance as our teams continue to display an unwavering focus on achieving operational excellence and an industry-leading cost structure. Our results include meaningful operating performance records in each of our four Wood Products businesses. For both the fourth quarter and full-year 2019, our Lumber and OSB businesses delivered the lowest controllable unit manufacturing costs in our history. Engineered Wood Products reduced controllable spending by over $11 million on a full-year basis and Distribution delivered its highest fourth quarter EBITDA ever. Compared to fourth quarter 2018, Wood Products EBITDA increased $44 million or over 65%, despite flat lumber realizations and significantly lower pricing for OSB. Compared with the third quarter, EBITDA decreased $13 million as seasonally lower sales volumes were partially offset by record fourth quarter cost performance in Lumber and Oriented Strand Board. EBITDA for Lumber decreased $6 million, compared with the third quarter. Seasonally lower sales volumes and slightly higher cost for Western and Canadian logs were partially offset by lower controllable manufacturing costs. Although lumber prices continued to trade in a narrow range during the fourth quarter, pricing for many products did recover slightly as stronger housing activity generated incremental demand and channel inventories remains generally low. On average, the framing lumber composite increased 3% in the fourth quarter, compared with the third. Our average lumber realizations were comparable to the third quarter. Our production mix is more heavily weighted to wide width Southern yellow pine, which saw a 9% decrease in published pricing. Our Lumber sales volumes decreased 4%, compared with the third quarter and our production volume decreased slightly as we took some additional downtime for maintenance and capital projects. Fourth quarter EBITDA includes $4 million of charges for countervailing and anti-dumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. Compared with the year ago quarter, Lumber EBITDA improved by $37 million, due to lower unit manufacturing costs, lower Western log cost and modestly higher sales volumes. OSB EBITDA improved $6 million, compared with the third quarter. Slightly improved realizations and slightly lower unit manufacturing cost and fiber cost more than offset a 2% decrease in sales volumes. Fourth quarter OSB pricing generally mirrored that of Lumber. The benchmark OSB composite price increased 6%, compared with the third quarter. Our average realizations increased 1% as the length of our order files creates a lag between published and realized pricing. Comparing our fourth quarter results to the year ago quarter, OSB EBITDA decreased by $12 million. Average sales realizations for OSB decreased by 14%, but this was significantly offset by lower unit manufacturing costs, higher sales volumes and slightly lower fiber costs.  Engineered Wood Products EBITDA decreased $14 million compared with the third quarter. Sales volumes for both solid section and I-Joists decreased seasonally and dealers and builders sought to minimize the year-end inventories. Although our overall operating rate decreased, unit manufacturing cost improved slightly. Average sales realizations for I-Joists increased by 1%. Average realizations for solid section products decreased by 1% due to seasonal mix. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA improved by $15 million, due primarily to lower fiber and unit manufacturing costs. Distribution EBITDA totaled $8 million for the fourth quarter. This is $2 million lower than the third quarter as seasonally lower sales volumes were partially offset by lower warehouse and delivery costs. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA increased by $6 million due to higher sales volumes. This improvement is partially attributable to an operational excellence initiative to upgrade the business' product mix. I’d like to turn now to operational excellence. As a company, we achieved over $100 million of operational excellence improvements in 2019. I am very proud of the hard work, creativity, and cross business collaboration that drilled these results. Timberlands did a remarkable job in capturing $48 million of improvements, primarily from initiatives to further optimize silviculture, forestry and road activities, reduced costs, and improve log merchandising and marketing to maximize the revenue from every log we harvest. Wood Products captured $52 million of improvements and has now achieved black at the bottom as we defined it six years ago. Our 2019 improvements in Wood Products came from initiatives in three primary areas; reducing unit manufacturing cost for Lumber and Oriented Strand Board, improving product mix in Lumber and distribution and increasing log recovery across our mill system. Beyond each business’ individual efforts, we also captured value through initiatives to generate cross business OpEx. Historically, our OpEx focus has been on improved performance within a business segment, but we've also begun to identify opportunities to drive integrated OpEx by increasing collaboration between our Timberlands and Wood Products operations. The most obvious is further optimizing deliveries of our own logs to our own mills. This year through cross business collaboration, we delivered $7 million of OpEx that improved the margin of both segments. Our operational excellence program has delivered well over $0.5 billion of company-wide margin improvement since 2014. This is an incredible achievement, but over time, this level of success also means that traditional margin improvement opportunities of this magnitude become harder to capture, so we're taking a fresh look at OpEx and what it means for our company. As we enter 2020, we are evolving how we define and measure operational excellence at Weyerhaeuser. Operational excellence has been and will continue to be focused on discipline cost management and margin improvements, but we are also expanding OpEx to include activities that drive future value and improve efficiencies across businesses and functions. Our OpEx 2.0, as we're calling it, will include four main components to drive continued improvements across our company. First is margin improvement. These are the familiar OpEx initiatives focused on improving margin by capturing valuable at both the top and bottom line. Second is future value. These initiatives recognize activities that drive improved value in the future. A good example is working to execute on our targeted thinning reforestation and fertilization programs at the highest levels of quality and completeness. We know this improves the value of our timberlands over time. Third is cost avoidance. This category is aimed at avoiding future costs or cost increases. Examples might include reducing employee turnover and optimized procurement initiatives. And fourth is efficiency. These initiatives will focus on improvements that enable higher value use of our resources. Examples would include things such as automating manual work or simplifying business processes. Together, these four categories expand the breadth of OpEx to include every business and function across our company. I'm really excited about the opportunities that OpEx 2.0 creates and the potential it has to further drive our working together culture. In 2020, we’re targeting $50 million to $70 million of additional OpEx improvements from these areas and I look forward to sharing more about our key initiatives as the year progresses. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our first quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Devin, and good morning. Key outlook items of the first quarter and the full-year 2020 are presented on charts 14 and 15 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly higher than the fourth quarter, and our Western Timberlands operations demand remains stable throughout the fourth quarter, and mills took advantage of steady product takeaway into January. Log supply is adequate and log inventories remain at reasonable levels. We expect our first quarter domestic log sales volumes will be higher than the fourth quarter. The seasonally improved demand, we expect average sales realizations will be modestly higher. Western road costs will be lower compared to the fourth quarter as our road work activity slows as we progress through the winter months. We expect our first quarter Japanese export log sales volumes will increase, compared to the fourth quarter and average log sales realizations will be comparable. Demand for our logs remains solid with additional support from continued disruption of the supply competing with logs coming out of Western Canada. Our Chinese export log sales volumes will declined in the first quarter and average log sales realizations are expected to be modestly lower in the fourth quarter on softer demand, due to the Lunar New Year and continued competition from the salvage Europeans spruce logs.  In the South, we anticipate our first quarter fee harvest volumes will be seasonally lower and average log sales realizations are expected to be similar to fourth quarter levels. In the North, first quarter harvest volumes will be lower following the November close of the sale of our Michigan timberlands. Fourth quarter special items include a $48 million pre-tax gain related to that transaction. In December, we announced an agreement to sell our Montana timberlands for $145 million and recorded an $80 million pre-tax non-cash impairment charge in connection with the agreement, which is also included as a special item in our fourth quarter results. The Montana transaction is expected to close in the second quarter and those assets are now listed on our balance sheet as held for sale. Turning to the full-year 2020, we expect total company harvest volume to be slightly over 36 million tons. We expect our Southern harvest volumes will be comparable 2019 and our harvest volume in the West will be down slightly. In the North, our harvest volumes will approximately be 40% lower than 2019, due to the divestitures of our Michigan and Montana timberlands. Collectively, our Michigan and Montana properties do not generate a meaningful EBITDA contribution to our overall Timberland segment. In our Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources segment, we continue to see strong interest in real estate across our markets and the Pacific Northwest is particularly active. For the full-year 2020, we expected adjusted EBITDA of approximately $255 million. This guidance incorporates the effects of fewer available real estate acres following the divestitures of Montana and Michigan. We expect the cadence of our 2020 real estate activity will be similar to 2019. We anticipate land basis, as a percentage of real estate sales, will be between 55% and 65% for the year. For the first quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA for the segment will be nearly comparable to the year ago quarter, while earnings will be approximately $15 million lower. We expect first quarter land basis, as a percentage real estate sales, will be near the high-end of the full-year guidance range. Across our Wood Products business, our customers expect optimism for the year ahead. Buyers continue to purchase for specific needs and channel inventories are moderate. We anticipate sales volumes for Lumber and Oriented Strand Board will be slightly higher compared to the fourth quarter. For Engineered Wood Products, we expect seasonally improved operating rates and lower per unit manufacturing costs in the first quarter. We expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA for Wood Products segment will be slightly higher than fourth quarter before any benefit from improvement in average sales realizations. For Lumber, first quarter to-date average sales realizations are $20 higher than the fourth quarter average and current realizations are $25 above the fourth quarter average. Oriented Strand Board first quarter to-date and current average sales realizations are comparable with the fourth quarter average. As a reminder, for Lumber, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. For OSB, every $10 change in realizations is approximate $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. Chart 12 outlines the major components of our fourth quarter unallocated. Unallocated corporate function and variable compensation expense increased, compared to third quarter due to seasonally higher spending and a year-to-date adjustment for incentive compensation. Fourth quarter results also include a small non-cash expense from elimination of profit and inventory and LIFO, compared with an income from this item in the third quarter. Special items in the fourth quarter consist of $6 million non-cash settlement charge related to transfers of Canadian pension assets and liabilities. In our pension and post retirement plans in 2019, we made significant progress against the series of actions we announced in 2018 to reduce the liabilities associated with those plans, while maintaining benefit security for our plan participants. In the last 18 months, we’ve reduced our future obligations by over $2 billion. The year-end 2019 funded status for our pension and post retirement plans decreased by approximately $200 million, compared to 2018 as a result of a reduction in discount rates. Discount rates declined by approximately a 100 basis points for the U.S. plans and 60 basis points for the Canadian plans. In 2019, we did not make any cash contributions to the U.S. qualified pension plan and we're not required to make any cash contributions in 2020. Cash paid for all of the pension and postretirement plans in 2019 was $45 million. Our required cash payments for these plans will be approximately $30 million for 2020. Excluding pension settlement charges, our non-cash non-operating pension and postretirement expense was $61 million in 2019. We expect to report approximately $40 million of expense in 2020. The decrease is a reduction – is a result of the reduction at discount rates. Turning to our key financial items, which is summarized on chart 13, we ended 2019 with a cash balance of $139 million. Cash from operations during the fourth quarter was $292 million. For the full-year 2019, cash from operations was $966 million. Our capital expenditures for the fourth quarter totaled $143 million and for the full-year 2019, were $384 million. Looking ahead into 2020, we anticipate total CapEx will be approximately $360 million, a $120 million for Timberlands inclusive of reforestation costs, $235 million for Wood Products, and approximately $5 million for corporate IT system upgrades. Investing cash flows for the fourth quarter also included $297 million of net proceeds from the sale of our Michigan timberlands. You’ll also recall that in the third quarter 2019, we paid $302 million to extinguish the debt of a variable interest entity that was established as part of a timber installment sale in the early 2000s. Earlier this month, we received $362 million of cash from the maturity of the related financial instrument. This was the last of these variable interest entities. Moving onto financing, we ended the quarter with approximately $6.4 billion of total debt outstanding. This included $230 million balance on our line of credit, which was used to bridge the temporary cash outflow associated with the variable interest entity debt maturity. We have no debt maturities until 2021. As you may seen in the 8-K that we filed earlier this week, we refinanced our $1.5 billion revolving line of credit to capture more attractive pricing. The new credit facility has a five-year term that will expire in 2025. In the fourth quarter, interest expense was $89 million bringing our full-year expense to $366 million, excluding special items. We expect interest expense will be $345 million for the full-year 2020. I’ll close my comments with taxes. Excluding special items, in the fourth quarter, we reported $2 million of income tax expense. For the full-year 2019, our effective tax rate, before special items, was a benefit of 13%. For first quarter and full-year 2020, we expect a tax expense of 10% to 15% based on the forecasted mix of earnings for our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. Turning to cash taxes, we received $2 million in net tax refund for the full-year 2019 inclusive of a $43 million federal tax refund in the fourth quarter. As previously discussed, we have filed a claim for $90 million refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution and that claim remains in process. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks Russell. One year ago, in my first earnings call as CEO, I talked about four near-term priorities to drive value for shareholders. I'm pleased with our execution to-date and our focus on generating superior and sustainable value will continue in 2020 and beyond. The first priority I highlighted was driving OpEx with a focus on cost and reliability. I'm incredibly proud of our work in OpEx in 2019 and I'm excited about what lies ahead in OpEx 2.0. Second was continuing to drive lasting culture change. We remained focused on the key behaviors that drive success, including accountability and urgency and increasing our focus on innovation across the company. Third was people development. In 2019, we continued our intense focus on people development and worked to increasingly build our bench of future leaders and key personnel across the organization. And fourth was disciplined capital allocation. We’re committed to our balanced capital allocation philosophy of returning cash to shareholders, investing in our businesses, and maintaining an appropriate capital structure. In 2019, we continued to deliver on each of these capital allocation priorities. We returned over a billion dollars of cash to shareholders. We invested over $380 million in disciplined capital expenditures to sustain and further improve our businesses, and we took steps to maintain an appropriate capital structure and support our investment-grade credit ratings by reducing our future pension liabilities. Entering 2020, I'm encouraged that the U.S. housing market continues to show signs of stronger activity. Although pricing for many of our commodity products remain soft, we’re optimistic that we will see continued improvement as we head into the 2020 building season. Going forward, I'm excited about the opportunities in front of us and we remain focused on driving superior long-term value for shareholders by improving performance through operational excellence, fostering a winning and innovative culture that positions us to capitalize on a range of market conditions and demonstrating disciplined capital allocation. And with that, I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is [indiscernible] sitting here for Brian.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my questions. Yes, if we could just go back for a second, Devin, to the comments that you have mentioned around Lumber and OSB, I think you had mentioned a little bit of a lag coming throughout some of the OSB pricing, can we expect that, you know, even holding everything equal to accelerate a little bit as we go through the first quarter just based on some of the gains that we saw exiting 4Q?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know, we saw pricing come up a little bit in 4Q. There is little bit of the dip, now it started to come back up. So, as Russell mentioned, quarter-to-date, our OSB realizations are flat relative to the fourth quarter. That being said, you know, certainly I think the market sentiment is that the housing activity is going to continue to improve. We’re seeing a lot of optimism out there. And so, you know, we would anticipate that as we get closer to the 2020 building season and that gets in full swing, we’re going to see some uplift on OSB pricing as we get into the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you. And then, just on the Lumber side, Russell, like you called out is going to be about $20 higher on average. I think current price is about $25 above the fourth quarter average, which is actually a little bit better than I would've expected just looking at the composite. Is that a function of a little bit of a lag as well coming through the income statement? Or is that more just a function of, you know, some of the mix shift, you know, within the product grades that you guys produce?
Russell Hagen: Yes, that would be more attributable to the mix shift of what we produce in our Lumber operations.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That’s it for me. Thanks guys.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. 
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Devin. Good morning, Russell. 
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Mark.
Russell Hagen : Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde : Devin, I wondered – is it possible to get some sense for where you see the land sales per year over the next three to five years if we exclude kind of Northern Timberlands?
Russell Hagen: Sure, Mark. This is Russell. So, as we noted, we’re going to bring down the real estate EBITDA a little bit from this year, from 2019. It’s really two things that are happening in there. The first is on the Energy & Natural Resource side. We had a couple of one-time type transactions. We had a small asset sale, and then, we had some recoveries on a royalty audit. And then, we’re also factoring in less HBU sales coming out of that Montana and Michigan properties.  You know, the Michigan properties are sold. Montana, we’re expecting to close in the second quarter of this year. And so, you know, with that – that gives us that $255 million number for 2020. Kind of on a run rate basis, I think that $250 million to $255 million is a reasonable number for the run rate for that business. You know as we’ve stated in the past, our goal is to structure that total AVO program in the pipeline so that we have a sustainable business over time so.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then, just as a follow-on, I’d like to just kind of step back and think about sort of leveraging your franchise. You know with the global will focus on sustainability and carbon capture only going up, any thoughts on ways to kind of both leverage your expertise, but also the strong kind of social and environmental reputation that Weyerhaeuser has?
Russell Hagen: Yes, absolutely Mark. I would say tell you that's top of mind for us. As you know, there has been a lot of momentum around, you know, wood-based building for one, but also, you know, as we see more and more companies talking about, you know, becoming carbon neutral or carbon negative. Our view is, you know, practically speaking that's going to be very hard to do without looking to the forest and our ability to sequester carbon. And so, you know, I think that is getting a lot of discussion, a lot of talk in the industry. It’s something that we’re very focused on. You know, candidly it’s in the early stages of figuring out what the mechanics for that market are going to look like. You know there's a private market piece to that. There’s a regulatory piece to that, but we’re staying very focused on it. You know clearly I feel pretty comfortable in saying no organization in the history of America has planted more trees than Weyerhaeuser company. So, that is an area where we have deep expertise and I think there may be a role for us to play. So, we’re keeping a very close watch on that and we’ll look for an opportunity to participate in a profitable way as that develops.
Mark Wilde: Would that include kind of structures beyond just outright ownership of timberland?
Devin Stockfish: You know, I think we’re at a state right now, Mark, where we’re really looking our all different kinds of opportunities. So, I think at this juncture, I wouldn't foreclose any of those options.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Very good. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. 
Collin Mings: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Devin Stockfish : Good morning, Collin.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Collin Mings : First for me, just can you elaborate on your full-year outlook for the export markets and harvest plans in the West, how much of the downtick in harvest this year represents just a continued normalization of volume versus the response to some of the headwinds that you alluded to in the prepared remarks about the European sourced wood and other things impacting the Asia markets?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, let me start with the Western harvest levels. Now, really to understand what's going on in the West, you have to go back to our Longview Timber acquisition, and you’ll recall that when we did that deal, one of the benefits of that transaction was that they had a significant amount of over matured timber in their portfolio. And so, for several years after that acquisition, we were intentionally bringing that harvest level or harvest age down, which increased our harvest levels in the West. Over the last couple of years, we’ve really been on the tail-end of that. And so, as we roll into 2020, you know, that volume that we’re anticipating in the West, which is, you know, down around 3% versus 2019, you know, that's what I would expect all else being equal to be the harvest levels for the next several years before it starts coming up again. And so, that's really the answer on the harvest. Now, you know, frankly you can flex up or flex down a little bit depending on market conditions, and we do that from time-to-time, but, you know, the 2020 harvest schedule really is kind of that normalized harvest level in the West for the next several years. You know, speaking to the export markets, and I’ll start with China, you know, really last year, for most of the year, even though, you know, there was more European salvage wood coming into the market, I would say, for the first three quarters it wasn't having a material impact on our export volumes to that China market out of the Northwest. We really did see in the fourth quarter that European salvage wood started to have an impact in the China market, and we really started to see that impact, you know, our pricing certainly as we got deeper into the fourth quarter. You know, as we think about the magnitude of that European salvage wood going into the market and you combine that with what is traditionally a pretty slow time of the year with the Lunar New Year holiday in that market, and you also have the dynamic of the coronavirus and so, you know, I would expect the China market for us out of the Pacific Northwest is going to be choppy for a little while. The Japan market, you know, frankly, remains solid for us. You’ve seen housing starts dip down just a little bit, but the key market for us, as I mentioned earlier, is that post and beam market, and that's held up pretty well and you combine that with some of the challenges from the Canadian log exports, we’re still seeing good volume and sales activity into the Japan market this year. 
Collin Mings: Thank you for all the detail there, Devin. Just switching gears to kind of OpEx 2.0, can you maybe just elaborate a little bit on where you are targeting the $50 million to $70 million just across the four different buckets you outlined? Specifically, how much would maybe fall into that margin bucket and that efficiency bucket?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know, I think we’re still in the early stages of rolling this out to the organization, but what I would say is, you know, going into the year, I would still anticipate the majority of that is going to come from that margin bucket, the future value, efficiency and cost avoidance are new pieces of that program. And so, we do think that that will pick up steam as we roll it out to the organization, but I would say sitting here right now, most of that $50 million to $70 million for year-one is going to come out of the margin bucket.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then, switching to Russell, can you just may be touch a little bit more on the AVO process and where that stands, again, recognizing that is fluid, but there was also a number of large sales in 2019? Are there any other large transactions that you are going to be pursuing in kind of the foreseeable future? Or you feel like a lot of the heavy lifting as far as the non-core asset sales is complete for at least for now?
Russell Hagen: So, I’ll talk to the AVO and then I’ll talk to kind of your second question on large transactions. You know, the AVO process, as you’re aware, that’s a – really an evergreen process. So, we’re constantly evaluating our timberlands to determine, you know, for the best owner of that particular tract or if we can capture a higher value by selling it through our AVO process. So, as we’ve noted, we have about – you know, at the beginning of the year, we had 1.6 million acres identified in the AVO process that we would take to market over the next 10 to 15 years. You know as I stated earlier, our goal is to have a sustainable business over time. So, as far as large transactions, you know, I’m not going to comment on our – on kind of our future expectations related to large transactions, but you know, I'll reiterate, you know, even on the AVO process, we still look even on a broader basis across the portfolio and make sure that the timberlands that we own are returning the highest value and we get a good return on assets. And so, as we’ve demonstrated in the past, we have sold out of markets that are not strategic to us for the long-term, but I think as we look at our portfolio today, we have no immediate plans.
Collin Mings: Thank you both. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Mark Weintraub with Seaport.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Two follow ups really. The first, thank you for that information on the Western harvest, by the way, that’s completely consistent with the presentation you did back in December 2016, where you show exactly as you laid out. That same presentation, it shows that the Southern harvest would likely be increasing during the [2017 through 2026 time horizon] and I realized maybe there are some sales of acreage, etcetera perhaps, but what’s the outlook for the Southern harvest relative to the levels we saw in 2019 and what you seem to be suggesting for 2020?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, you know, and those are always fluid, you know, through the real estate programs. You get puts and takes here and there. You know, we're not in a position right now I think to give public guidance on the long-term other than to say, you know, in 2020 for the South, we’re looking at comparable. You know, we do have a little bit heavier mix to fiber for 2020, but I – you know it's going to be pretty consistent within the range that we have in 2020.
Mark Weintraub: And maybe it’s not a fair question on a spot moment, but is the typo – is there any reason why the general direction you would have been expecting a couple years ago wouldn't still be applicable today?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think, you know, over time certainly as we have new generations of seedlings come ready for harvest, you’d expect the volumes to go up over time. So, you know, directionally I don't think anything has changed. You know the timing of it, you have a little bit of up and down on any particular year to basis, but directionally over time, I don't think anything's changed.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And on the European spruce salvage wood, any intelligence at this point as to how long this issue is likely to be with us?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So, you know, I’ll tell you what I do know and then what I don't know and I'll start with what we think we know, which is, you know, unlike what we saw with the mountain pine beetle in British Columbia, the spruce beetle in Europe seems to leave that wood salvageable for a much lower period and I think the general consensus that’s building is, you know, one to three years on the stump is really as long as it's viable after you see that damage. The question that's harder to answer frankly is, you know, when is the infestation going to abate. And so, I don't know that we have a definitive view or if anyone has a definitive view on when that damage spruce beetle wood is going to stop growing across Europe. And so, you know, I do think our view is we've seen the geographies where you have that impacted wood acting speedily to try to get out in front of it and salvage as much of that timber as they can, but as a practical matter, there are limits on how much you can do that. So, you know, it's hard to say how long it's going to last when you really start seeing the spruce beetle die off. I think it will be a limited time period after that when you should see the volume start to slow down. 
Mark Weintraub: And so, is it fair to surmise recognizing lots of uncertainty here that it’s probably going to be with us for a couple of years, but then at some point in time, you end up having less wood coming from Europe than even prior to the infestation beginning, is that how to think about it?
Devin Stockfish: That’s correct. And that’s how we’re viewing it. You know we’re going to – I think this is going to be with us for, you know, a year or two, but, you know, as you say, it's important to remember when that volume goes away, it’s going to have to be filled in from somewhere else. And so, when you have that significant amount of wood that goes out of the system, it is going to change kind of the global supply chains for log supply.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Devin Stockfish : Yes, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover: Thanks, good morning, everyone. 
Devin Stockfish : Good morning.
Russell Hagen : Good morning.
Steve Chercover : So, first question, on your website, Montana is included in the Western US acreage, but the volume is evidently coming out of the Northern fee harvest, so is that because the log prices in Montana are closer to Northeast values?
Russell Hagen: You know, Steve, when we actually put together the regions, at time of the merger, we had put that Montana property in that Northern region. And so, we’ve always reported that Montana property in the Northern region and then Washington and Oregon in the Western region. It is a different, you know, product, a little different pricing, so that’s just how we set it up at the time of the merger.
Steve Chercover: Okay. So, from a financial standpoint both of – all that land is Northern. So, I wanted to get a sense on the impact then of – the financial impact on the sales, would it be fair to say that given the aggregate sales price of $445 million, the EBITDA was around $20 million. Is that [indiscernible]?
Russell Hagen: No. I think in the last call what we had mentioned is full-year 2018 was about $19 million and you’ll see full-year 2019 at about $15 million, so we would expect that Montana and Michigan to be about half of that number.
Steve Chercover: Okay, thanks for that. And just one other quick one, can you elaborate what you mean by innovation? Is it new product development in wood products? Or is it along the lines of log optimizations by end-market?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. You know, I’d say the majority of that is operational innovation. So, that's things like leveraging technology within the mills or out in the woods to drive down log and haul cost, to optimize how we build roads, to, you know, mechanized things in the mills. That’s the majority of it at this point. You know we do – in our Wood Products business, we do product innovation as well, but when we talk about the majority of the innovation work that we've done here over the last year or two has really been more around operational innovation.
Steve Chercover: Got it. Okay, thank you both.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Russell Hagen: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Yes, thanks very much. Good morning guys.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Paul Quinn: Hey, just have a question around CapEx and thanks for the detailed break down into the buckets, but that $235 million you’re spending on Wood Products maybe if you could highlight some of the bigger project? And is there any volume gains that you expect to get over time on some of these projects going forward?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. You know with the $235 million, which is down about $15 million from 2019 and partially that's just a reflection of the fact that as we finish up on the Dierks and Millport, capital projects were – which were much larger in scale, we just have a larger number of smaller activity in the CapEx bucket across Wood Products. And so, I don't have anything, you know, significant to highlight of the, you know, Millport or Dierks magnitude. It’s really just a lot of all are CapEx projects that are really focused on, you know, driving down cost, improving reliability, and really driving efficiencies in the mill set. You’ll get some incremental around the margins volume pick up with some of those, but, you know, the volume increase really isn’t the primary focus of our capital programs at present.
Paul Quinn: Okay, thanks for that. And then, just maybe I – just – trying to understand what’s going on in Timberlands transactions, haven't seen that many transactions. We’ve had, you know, interest rates go up in 2018 and then come down 2019 and 2020. I suspect that’s had some kind of effect on valuations, maybe you could just help me understand what’s going on in the market?
Russell Hagen: Sure. This is Russell. You know on 2019, based on kind of our listing of all the transactions, we’re expecting to hit about $1.8 billion and we really didn't see any big deals like we saw in 2018. We saw probably four deals in 2019 over $100 million, and then, remainder were small and medium deals. So about 3 million acres looks like it's going to trade in 2019, so that's about 2%, 2.5% of the investable market. That seems kind of on par with what we've seen over the last few years. I think as we look into 2020, I would expect we would break that $2 billion transaction value number. And when you take the Poke deal, and then, the recent announcement we made on the Montana deal, you add about $800 million, and so, it's pretty strong start of the year given we’re in January.  As far as timber values, I would say they remained strong even with the soft product pricing in 2019. We really didn’t see big value swings in the timberland values and I think that reflects more of the longer term nature that the investors have in this space and companies have in this space. So, you know, we’re still seeing a strong flow of capital to good deals and the right deals and quality timberlands remain in high demand. Yes, and as we’ve said in the past, we’re in a pretty advantage position. We have timberlands in every major wood basket in the United States and we have the opportunity to see every transaction and so. You know we’re active, but we’re also very disciplined in our acquisition strategy.
Paul Quinn: Thanks for the help. Good luck.
Devin Stockfish : Thanks.
Russell Hagen : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes in the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip Dillon: Hi, good morning. Thanks for all the details. You know, as you look at the long-term future, Japan's population obviously is shrinking and obviously there are other parts of Asia where demand could certainly get better for your timber. How do you think about those long-term trends? I mean have you done some work on where you think five, 10 years from now you'll see both of, you know, Japan and other Asian markets, especially as it really has a big impact on your Western Timberland profitability?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, absolutely. We do spend a lot of time doing analytics around that and, you know, with respect to Japan, you're absolutely right. The demographics are such that the population is declining and that is clearly going to have an impact on housing over time. You know, I think a couple things that may mitigate the impact on us however or again, you know, our focus is primarily that post and beam market and I think that is going to hold share and pick up share of overall housing starts in Japan over time. And so, I think the impact in us will be less than on kind of the stick frame. The second thing I would say is, you know, just like in the United States and Europe, Japan is looking for opportunities to do more commercial and multi-story buildings out of wood. And so, I think there's an opportunity to pick up share on that front as well to mitigate some of the impacts from population decline on housing. But you're right, in a broader sense, you know, Japan's population is not growing. There are other economies across Asia where we do see growing populations. And so whether you're thinking China or India or some of the other Southeast Asian markets that are experiencing growth, we’ve spent a lifetime on the ground in all of those markets. We have, you know, in China in particular a pretty strong customer base. And so, you know, one of our focus areas is to continue to grow market in China and ultimately other markets for some of those higher end Douglas fir products, and, you know, we think over time, we’ll make good progress on that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens Inc. 
Mark Connelly: Thank you. If we assume that the labor issues in construction persists, do you think we’re going to start seeing builders more aggressively embrace either prefab components or some other labor reduction? Or is there enough other issues like lot availability that they just don't have enough incentive to change the way they operate yet?
Devin Stockfish: Well, I do you think that you're starting to see some of the builders, particularly the larger builders, embrace panelization, off-site construction activities and I do think that trend will continue. There are limits on how high that can go, but I do think we've reached a point where, you know, the labor constraints have caused many of the builders to really start to look for other options to mitigate that challenge. So, I do you think you're going to see that grow. The labor availability I think still remains one of the biggest challenges for the builders in both, you know, just meeting the construction needs, but also with the affordability pace. And so, I do think that they're going to continue to look for ways to mitigate those labor challenges.
Mark Connelly: So, is there an opportunity for Weyerhaeuser in that to get involved in more of that process?
Devin Stockfish: You know, I think in the near term, you know, the biggest opportunity for us is to stay close to those in-customers and the builders and various folks throughout the channel that are doing that work. I think our biggest opportunity short-term is just to be a key supplier making sure we understand, you know, what the needs are in those panelized construction activities and be a good solid partner for them. I don't anticipate us getting into panelized manufacturing here in the near term. You know longer term, obviously, we’ll continue to watch the market and if our view changes on the ability to create value in that space, you know, we wouldn’t necessarily rule that out, but I don't think that's a short-term priority for us.
Mark Connelly: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Just one other question, with all the supply distortions and issues we had in the South last year, do you think private landowners are caught up on the land they wanted to sell? Or is there still a backlog there [indiscernible]?
Russell Hagen: Yes, this is Russell. Pardon me.
Mark Connelly : Sorry, I said land. I meant stumpage.
Russell Hagen : On the stumpage side. You know I would say that probably the markets were a little slower last year as far as getting contractors and broker dealers out onto those non-industrial private lands. I think that's what you're referring to.
Mark Connelly: Yes.
Russell Hagen: So, we don't have a real clean gauge on what those volumes are, but I would expect that, you know, that will still be an area of focus for the non-industrial privates probably coming into this year and maybe the following years.
Mark Connelly : Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
John Babcock: Hi, good morning. It is actually John Babcock on the line for George. Just wanted to thank you for taking my questions. Just starting out, I was wondering if you could talk about which products are likely to see the incremental benefit from kind of this new OpEx set up. And also, you know, if you could kind of give some weighting as to, you know, which product lines that might be helpful too.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know I think just at a high level, you know, we would anticipate it’s kind of going to be evenly split between Wood Products and Timberlands. you know I think one of the differences that we’re looking at from OpEx 2.0 is we’re really looking to expand it and how we measure it beyond just the businesses defined opportunities even at a functional level, increase the level of cross business OpEx that we’re trying to drive. You know, so that may -- you know that may change how the buckets are allocated a little bit around the margins, but going in, we would anticipate that would be kind of half-and-half Wood Products and Timberlands.
John Babcock: Thank you. And then, can you review the key point as to, you know, why the Montana timberland sales made sense from both the strategic and valuation standpoint?
Russell Hagen: Sure. This is Russell. There's two things I guess I would point out on that transaction. You know the first is, you know, over the last number years, we've been very active in capturing value on those lands. We’ve done conservation sales, higher and better use sales. You know, we’ve also done some timber transactions. So, we really have a lot of opportunities to understand the market and kind of with the future value that land would be to us. So, the second is, when we go through our evaluation process, it’s very detailed and robust. So, we look at a number of things when coming to evaluation on a particular property and we look at the markets, we look at stocking levels, age class, growing cycles, PC mix, you know, cost inputs. Those are all taken into consideration when we assess the value, but also when we assessed fit for our broader portfolio strategy. So, you know, based on our experience in these markets and in our expectations and what we’ve achieved as far as capturing value on the portfolio today, we are very comfortable with how that sale fits into our broader strategy and we’re very pleased with the price we’re receiving for the timberlands.
John Babcock: Yes, thank you. That’s all I have.
Devin Stockfish: Alright. Well, I believe that was the final question. So, thank you to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Baum: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2019 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statement in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call, this morning, are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter net earnings of $99 million or $0.13 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Excluding a net benefit to $40 million from special items, we earned $59 million or $0.08 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $308 million. Our businesses continued to deliver strong operating performance despite challenging market conditions. And in a moment, I'll dive into our business results. But, first, let me set the stage with some brief comments on the housing market. U.S. housing activity continued to improve in the third quarter, led by stronger activity in the important single-family segment. Single-family permits and starts have now increased for five months in succession. Additionally, seasonally adjusted single-family starts exceeded 900,000 units in back-to-back months in August and September, which we haven't seen since 2007. Total U.S. housing starts have also strengthened totaling 1.28 million in the third quarter compared with 1.26 million in the second quarter and 1.21 million in the first. As we look forward, many indicators point to continued improvement in housing activity. Wage growth remained solid and the unemployment rate is at a 50-year low. Mortgage rates are hovering near 3.5% significantly lower than late 2018. Consumer confidence surveys indicate a positive view of current and future conditions. Homebuilder sentiment has increased for four straight months and sits at the highest level since February 2018. And builders continue to ship more product to serve the significant demand for affordable housing. That said, several supply side headwinds for housing remain. Builders continue to face a series of challenges including labor and lot availability and regulatory burdens as they seek to bring affordable housing to market. Additionally there is a degree of uncertainty regarding the outlook for U.S. economic growth that could impact buyer sentiment. While these challenges will continue to affect the housing market, we believe that the supported fundamentals outweigh the headwinds. Entering the fourth quarter, our builder customers tell us their demand continues to improve and they intend to maintain strong building activity until winter weather no longer permits. Going into next year, we continue to anticipate increasing momentum in the single-family housing market and a modest growth trajectory for U.S. housing. Turning now to our third quarter business results, I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands charts 4 through 6. Timberlands contributed $72 million to third quarter earnings and $154 million to adjusted EBITDA. Western Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $30 million compared with the second quarter due to seasonally lower harvest volumes and lower average realizations for domestic and export logs. Western fee harvest volumes decreased 11% compared with the second quarter and 5% compared with year ago, as we intentionally brought less wood to market during the seasonal peak in supply. Log and haul costs also increased as we typically shift to higher elevation logging during the summer months. In the Western domestic market, mills entered the third quarter with full inventories in preparation for summer fire season. However, as summer weather in the Pacific Northwest, was wetter than normal there was no notable fire activity and logging conditions remained favorable. Log supply increased seasonally as private nonindustrial landowners brought their logs to market and mill log decks remained at comfortable levels through July and August. Domestic log prices trended modestly lower through the summer months, but started to firm up at the end of August, as demand and pricing for Douglas fir lumber began to improve. Log supply tightened in September with the early arrival of the fall rainy season and log pricing increased in the quarter. Moving to the export markets, in Japan, post-and-beam housing starts were up 1% year-to-date. Demand for our customers' Douglas fir lumber products remained solid. And our third quarter log sales volumes to Japan were comparable to the second quarter. Average sales realizations were modestly lower, due to pressure from unfavourable foreign exchange rates and U.S. domestic pricing trends. In China, overall log inventories decreased by 15% during the third quarter, and totaled 3.5 million cubic meters at the end of September. Chinese demand for our Douglas fir and hemlock logs, remained generally steady compared with the second quarter. Our third quarter log sales volumes to Japan -- to China increased, but this was primarily due to timing of vessel sailings. Average realizations for our China export logs, decreased modestly compared with the second quarter, due to mix and competition from lower priced species, which pressure pricing for our hemlock and Douglas fir. Overall, third quarter log export revenues were lower than the year ago quarter, due to lower realizations for our Japan and China logs. And moderately lower sales volumes to China. For Western Timberlands as a whole, EBITDA is significantly lower than a year ago, due to lower prices for domestic and export logs. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands EBITDA increased by $5 million compared with the second quarter, as higher fee harvest volumes were partially offset by seasonally higher forestry spending. Third quarter weather was generally drier than second quarter this resulted in good operability, and strong log production across our southern regions. Our fee harvest volume increased 7% as we benefited from the improved weather, and also caught up on thinning activity postponed during the unusually wet conditions earlier this year. Average realizations for our Southern logs decreased 1% compared with the second quarter, due to mix as the increasing thinning activity resulted in a higher proportion of fiber logs. Average realizations for our Southern sawlogs increased due to improved pricing in the mid-South, where markets remained relatively strong due to wetter conditions. Realizations for our fiber logs were comparable to the second quarter. On the export side, we have been operating our Southern export business at minimal volume since Chinese tariffs were applied to the Southern yellow pine logs in 2018. Less than 0.5% of 1% of our Southern fee harvest volumes are, sold to expert customers. Comparing overall Southern Timberlands results with the year ago quarter EBITDA increased by $11 million, due to higher average log sales realizations, and higher fee harvest volumes. Northern Timberlands EBITDA increased by $3 million compared with the second quarter, and was comparable to a year ago. Compared with the second quarter, fee harvest volumes increased seasonally, as the northern operations emerged from spring break-up. Real Estate Energy and Natural Resources charts seven and eight. Real estate and ENR contributed $32 million to third quarter earnings, and $60 million to adjusted EBITDA. Third quarter EBITDA was $11 million lower than the second quarter, and $26 million lower than a year ago. As expected, the number of acres sold decreased significantly compared with the second quarter, and the year ago quarter. As we previously indicated, our 2019 real estate sales are heavily weighted toward the first half of the year, whereas in 2018, most of our sales occurred in the third and fourth quarters. Average price per acre was roughly two times that of the second quarter, and the year ago quarter due to geographic mix. Approximately 85% of our third quarter acres sold were in the South and West. In contrast, over half the acres sold in the second quarter of 2019, and third quarter of 2018, were located in Montana, where Timberland prices are regionally lower. Wood Products charts nine and 10. Wood Products contributed $75 million to third quarter earnings before special items, and $123 million to adjusted EBITDA. Earnings and EBITDA were nearly comparable to the second quarter, on flat average realizations for our commodity products. EBITDA for lumber increased $5 million due to lower Western and Southern log costs. Lumber pricing declined at the outset of the third quarter, then reversed course in mid-August as improved housing activity drove incremental demand, and previously announced mill curtailments began to reduce supply. On average, the framing lumber composite price increased 3% in the third quarter compared with the second. Our average log -- lumber realizations were comparable to the second quarter as our mix of production is weighted more heavily to Southern Yellow Pine. Third quarter sales volumes were flat with the second quarter. Our lumber mills ran very well again this quarter even with some modest hurricane-related downtime in our Southern operations. Unit manufacturing costs for lumber increased slightly due to that downtime as well as hurricane preparation activities. Comparing third quarter results with the year ago quarter, lumber EBITDA was significantly lower due to a 21% decrease in average sales realizations, partially offset by lower log and manufacturing costs. EBITDA for the third quarter of 2019 includes charges of $4 million for countervailing and antidumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. In OSB, EBITDA increased by $5 million compared with the second quarter due to lower fiber and unit manufacturing costs. As with lumber, third quarter OSB pricing vary by region. Although pricing in the benchmark north central region increased significantly during the third quarter, pricing in several other regions trended materially lower. The OSB composite price which includes all producing regions was flat in the third quarter compared with the second. Our third quarter realizations trended in line with the OSB composite price which is a better proxy for our geographic mix. Our OSB sales and production volumes were comparable to the second quarter. Comparing our third quarter results to the year ago quarter, EBITDA was significantly lower due to a 33% decrease in average sales realizations, partially offset by higher sales volumes as our Grayling Michigan mill was down for a scheduled press replacement in the third quarter of 2018. Engineered Wood Products EBITDA decreased by $9 million compared with the second quarter. Average sales realizations for I-Joists products were flat with the second quarter and average realizations for solid section decreased by 1% due to product and geographic mix. Sales volumes for I-Joists increased 4% and production volumes were comparable to the second quarter. Sales volumes for solid section products increased 3%. Solid section production declined 12% as we completed scheduled annual maintenance shutdowns at two mills and continue to draw down our first quarter inventory build. Unit manufacturing costs increased due to lower operating rates and higher maintenance expense resulting from these scheduled shutdowns. Fiber costs declined due to lower cost per logs in oriented strand board web stock. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA for Engineered Wood Products increased due to lower cost per logs and oriented strand board. Distribution EBITDA was comparable to the second quarter and significantly higher than year ago due to improved margins. Third quarter results for Wood Products include one special item a pretax benefit of $68 million from insurance recoveries related to our Flak Jacket product remediation. To-date we have received $93 million of insurance proceeds and we continue to expect a significant portion of the remediation cost will be covered by insurance. I'd like to now turn to operational excellence. Our businesses continue to make good progress on operational excellence and we are on track to achieve our 2019 target of $80 million to $100 million. Year-to-date our operational excellence initiatives in timberlands have been focused on log marketing and merchandising, optimizing silviculture spend, reducing growth costs, and improving log and hauling efficiencies across all geographies. In Wood Products, our OpEx initiatives are focused on reducing our controllable manufacturing costs, increasing our high-value product mix, and improving log recovery across our operations. Our real estate business is also on track to meet or exceed its targeted 30% premium to timber value. I'll now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks Devin. Good morning. Key outlook items for the fourth quarter are presented on Chart 13 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect our fourth quarter earnings will be comparable to the third quarter and adjusted EBITDA will be slightly lower. In our Western Timberland operations, we expect domestic log sales volumes will decline modestly in the fourth quarter. Wet operating conditions reduced log supply late in the third quarter and inventories tightened. We anticipate domestic log sales realizations will improve modestly in the fourth quarter as a result of steady domestic demand and the continued seasonal reduction in supply from non-industrial landowners. As is typical for this time of the year, we expect our Western road and unit logging costs will be lower compared to the third quarter. Demand for our Japanese export logs remains solid and we expect fourth quarter sales realizations to be flat with the third quarter. Fourth quarter sales volumes are expected to decline due to the timing of shipping schedules. Chinese export log sales volumes are expected to be comparable with the third quarter and we anticipate average sales realizations will decline modestly in the fourth quarter. We're taking advantage of our ability to allocate volumes between the domestic and China markets to capture the highest margin opportunity. In the South, operating conditions have been favorable for the past several months and log inventories have returned to healthy levels. We expect fourth quarter average log sales realizations will be slightly lower than the third quarter and fee harvest volumes will decline. In the North, we expect fourth quarter EBITDA to decline due to the seasonally lower fee harvest volumes and a partial quarter of Michigan results. In September, we announced an agreement to sell our 555,000 acres of Michigan Timberlands for $300 million. This transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter and these assets are now listed on our balance sheet as held-for-sale. Turning to our Real Estate Energy and Natural Resources segment, as previously discussed the pace of our real estate sales is more heavily weighted to the first half of the year in 2019. Market conditions remain positive and high net worth individuals, recreational and conservation buyers are all active. We expect fourth quarter earnings for Real Estate Energy and Natural Resources segment will be approximately $10 million lower than the third quarter. We continue to expect full year 2019 adjusted EBITDA of approximately $270 million and anticipate land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be between 50% and 55% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. For Wood Products, we expect lower sales volumes across most product lines, as building activity typically declines in the fourth quarter as we move into the winter months. Our channel inventories have tightened, buyers continue to limit purchases to immediate needs. We anticipate higher Western log cost, partially offset by modestly improved operating cost as we continue to capture operational excellence improvements. Fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA for Wood Products segment are expected to be approximately $25 million lower than the third quarter before any benefit from improvement in sales realizations. For lumber, fourth quarter to-date average sales realizations are $5 higher than the third quarter average. Current realizations are comparable with the third quarter average. Oriented strand board fourth quarter to-date average sales realizations and current realizations are both $5 below third quarter average. As a reminder for lumber every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB every $10 change in realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. Chart 11 outlines the major components of our third quarter unallocated items. The contribution to earnings before special items improved $3 million due to a non-cash benefit from elimination of inter-segment profit in inventory and LIFO compared with the second quarter. Third quarter special items include a $15 million pre-tax legal charge stemming from the judgment in a suit related to Flak Jacket. We're appealing this ruling. Our third quarter non-cash, non-operating pension and post-retirement benefit cost was comparable to the second quarter. We continue to expect to record approximately $60 million of expense for the full year 2019. Turning to our key financial items, which are summarized on chart 12, we ended the third quarter with a cash balance of $153 million. Cash from operations during the third quarter was $292 million. Turning to cash from investing. Our capital expenditures in the third quarter totaled $98 million. We continue to expect total CapEx for 2019 will be approximately $380 million nearly $120 million for Timberlands, $250 million for Wood Products and approximately $10 million from planned corporate IT system upgrades. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is historically the highest quarter of capital spending. We also expect to receive $300 million of cash in the fourth quarter as we close on the sale of our Michigan Timberlands. Moving on to financing. In the third quarter, we paid $302 million to extinguish the debt of a variable interest entity that was established as part of the timber installment sale in the early 2000s. This is the last of these entities and we'll receive $362 million of cash in the first quarter of 2020 when the related financial investment matures. We ended the quarter with approximately $6.6 billion of total debt outstanding this includes a $440 million balance on our line of credit, a portion of which was used to bridge the temporary cash outflow associated with the variable interest entity debt maturity. We have no debt maturities until 2021. We expect our fourth quarter interest expense to be comparable to the third quarter bringing the full year 2019 to approximately $370 million, excluding special items. I'll close my comments with taxes. Excluding special items in the third quarter we recorded a $10 million income tax benefit. On a year-to-date basis, our effective tax rate before special items was a benefit of 15%. We expect our full year 2019 effective tax benefit to be similar to the 15% we have booked year-to-date though will be somewhat sensitive to fourth quarter lumber and oriented strand board pricing. Turning to cash taxes. We expect to pay minimum cash taxes in 2019, due to an anticipated fourth quarter refund for prior overpayments. We've also filed a $90 million refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution that claim is still in process and so we're unlikely to receive that cash in 2019. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you, Russell. In closing, I am extremely proud of the work that our people are doing all across the company. Our teams are delivering strong operational performance in each of our businesses despite challenging market conditions. In every area that we can control, our employees are driving solid execution each and everyday. We remain intently focused on serving our customers and delivering operational excellence in every aspect of our business. Looking forward, we continue to expect that U.S. housing will follow a modest growth trajectory, which should ultimately support improved pricing across our commodity products. And with our businesses running well, we're well positioned to capture the full benefits of an improved housing environment. But as we continue to improve our operating performance and optimize our portfolio, we will also position the company to deliver superior value to our shareholders across the range of market conditions. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thank you. Good morning, Russell. Good morning, Devin. How are you? Hi, Beth. Thanks for all the details. A couple of questions here and then we'll turn it over. First of all and this comes up periodically on the conference calls, why do you think at this juncture we haven't seen that expected uptick in Southern Timberlands pricing or timber pricing? Obviously, you're seeing a pick up in demand your outlook for next year is moderately positive in terms of housing. Canada has been having difficulty supplying logs into the U.S. Why are we seeing that uptick in your view? Any updated thoughts on Southern timber pricing here? And what we can expect looking out into 2020?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. Sure, George. And I think I would note that we have seen an uptick in the first half of the year that really sort of translated all the way into Q3 on Southern sawlog prices. So we have seen a bit of an uptick this year. Now, candidly some of that had to do with the rain that we had in the first part of the year, the tension in some of the wood baskets, but I think we have seen some improvement year-over-year. But ultimately, what it comes down to is supply and demand within the region, and this has been a long story in terms of getting the Southern sawlog prices up. But ultimately what gives us confidence that ultimately we are going to see the improvement is the improved capacity that we're seeing coming into the U.S. South 5.5 billion board feet of incremental capacity coming in. When we look at the wood baskets where the new mills have come in we have seen tensioning within those wood baskets. And as that capacity continues to come in and get online you see that tensioning effect. Additionally, on the pulp side, we've seen a number of pellet mills come in. In fact, Enviva just broke ground on a new pellet mill in Mississippi. And so it takes time for each of those mills to come in, get up to speed and start taking logs. But again, as we've seen these mills come in, in the specific wood baskets where we've seen incremental capacity you see a tensioning effect. And over time that brings up the demand across the system. The other thing I would just note is, over time we also think there is an opportunity for an export program to really develop out of the U.S. South. Pre-tariffs, we were really working to build up that program and making some good headway in terms of exporting logs out of the U.S. South. I think ultimately when the tariff dispute ultimately comes to resolution we're going to see that opportunity open back up. And so it takes time, it's been slower than we would have expected or like, but I think we're on the right trajectory over time.
George Staphos: Okay. Devin, I mean, relatedly and you're correct there has been a little bit of a bump this year, but certainly timber prices are nowhere where anyone would have expected a few years ago at least I don't think in the South or also where they are right now. The capacity that's gone in at 5.5 billion square feet few years ago, it was 3 billion square feet and 4 billion square feet. So you've seen more converting capacity go in. We haven't seen the price really lift. At this juncture, they just -- housing has been a little bit slower to come back and that is the reason why you haven't seen that tensioning. And then relatedly -- and again, thanks for all the detail that you put in the slide deck, you have one of the best in the industry. It's kind of interesting how we've seen the Western Timberland EBITDA decline almost in half relative to where it was to begin 2018. From your vantage point, where are the big buckets? And what changes that trajectory over the next couple of periods and years? Is it really just trade getting back to normal, or is there something else in your view that would be helpful there.
Devin Stockfish : Yeah. I think a couple of things on the Western market. Ultimately, the Western system is a very tensioned market. And so I think the biggest driver that you see in terms of Western log prices is what's going on with the Western lumber prices. And so when you have mills that see lumber prices reduce dramatically, there's a limit to how much they can pay for logs and keep those cash flow positive. So I'd say that's been the biggest driver. There have been a couple of other things around the margins the trade dispute with China. We continue to ship logs to our customers in China, but I do think a number of other landowners in the Pacific Northwest have kept some of that supply in the domestic market. A little bit around the margins, there were some wind damage in South Oregon. And so there's been a little bit to salvage activity there that's been a little bit of headwind down in that market, but overall the big driver has really just been Western lumber prices. And so as we look forward sitting where we are today, we're moving into the rainy season here in the Pacific Northwest. In fact, last few weeks it has been pretty rainy up here, and that typically will take the non-industrial landowners out of the system. It will reduce log flow. And so provided that we can keep Western lumber prices at these levels or even get some uptick, I think that bodes well for improved log prices in the west.
George Staphos: Okay. Last quick one for me. Just timberland transactions have been again a little bit slow this year at least from our vantage point. What do you think if you grew the premise? And maybe you disagree, what do you think has been driving that? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Russell Hagen: Yeah, George, this is Russell. I'll take that question. I don't think much has changed since the last time we talked last quarter in the timberland's market. We're a little closer to be year-end. I think we've seeing about $750 million worth of transactions closed. As we look in the pipeline, there's probably another $750 million that will close. So the full year we'll expect to see in the U.S. about $1.5 billion worth of transactions. That's definitely lower than kind of what we would expect on a run rate of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. That doesn't include any large transactions like the PotlatchDeltic transaction last year. So definitely, we're a little lighter this year than I think we would have expected given what we've seen in prior years, but I really don't think that's a reflection on the market per se. I think it's just a timing issue. There is still a lot of demand for quality timberlands, the transactions that are coming out get a lot of attention. And so I would expect to see us return to a more kind of normal run rate basis going forward.
George Staphos: All right. Thank you very much guys.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi. Good morning guys.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Just a follow-up on those comments Russell and the prior comments just on the lower Western log price realizations. Why do you think that we haven't seen some of the Western land transaction prices come down some timber or the lower log price realization? Is it just not as tether to like current EBITDA and cash flows as a lot of other asset classes? Or do you think we're just seeing maybe lower interest rates and cap rates kind of offset the lower kind of EBITDA that you're getting of that land these days?
Russell Hagen: Brian, there's kind of two points. The first is, timberland values typically don't trade kind of correlated to log pricing. When you're going into acquire timberland asset you're thinking over a longer-term period of time than just the immediate log price dynamics. And so I think that's factored into the overall investment and valuations. The second is in the West. As Devin mentioned, that's a very tensioned market. And part of that is the ownership structure is very different than say in the South. There's fewer private owners in the West, there's more federal and state ownership. And so, you really just don't have the same kind of number of available transactions in the market that you see in the South plus. The West is really an excellent timber base. The trees are high valued Doug fir, primarily grown for a sawlog-type product. And so, they really are of a high value. And I think, again, as you see any Western timberlands come to market you're going to see a lot of demand, particularly of their high-quality timberlands.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I appreciate that. Just to switch over to wood products, just wondered if you could provide some comments and your thoughts on where inventory sits in the channel? And in light of some of the recent capacity closure announcement in both lumber and OSB now, any thoughts on if there's enough tension in the market, especially if the kind of recent starts activity continues?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, starting off with the question on inventories in the channel, it's really been the story of the year. We've seen customers carrying relatively low inventories. I would say that's the case now, generally speaking, across the system, really in lumber, OSB and EWP, fairly lean inventories across the system. And I think that's just a reflection of the fact that for the majority of the year, the supply has been adequate. So people can buy on an as-needed basis and that really has enforced people to carry material inventories. And so, that's currently the case. What I would say from a broader perspective, I think, there is reason to believe that you're going to see some upward pricing pressure. We've seen a fair amount of curtailment activity over the course of this year, even some more announced just recently. And importantly, we've seen the continued improvement in housing and importantly the single-family segment. And so, to us, to the extent that you see this building activity continue in the strong level that we've seen here of late and we can keep that going for a while longer before the winter weather sets in, combined with the capacity curtailments that have been announced, I think that really bodes well for pricing as we head into the end of the year. But certainly, I would say, even and over and above that as we think about the 2020 building season, which is a little ways out, but it's always worth thinking about, I think we're setting up really well to have a materially different view next year on what pricing looks like and what 2019 look like.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks very much. I'll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Just following up on Brian's question and maybe just zooming in on OSB, you do have a number of competitors that are taking curtailments. I think your production has kind of moved up over the course of the year. I'm wondering if you can talk about where your operating rates are in OSB? Where do you think you may be on the cost curve? And just generally, how you're positioned in the OSB market, given there're some pretty significant regional differences I think that you talked about earlier?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. From an operating perspective, we're sort of in that mid to upper-90s percent range, which is more or less where we were in Q2 as well. And I think, at a high level it's important to remember when you're thinking about our OSB business. Number one, we typically are a little bit more heavily weighted to the higher value products and so a little less of a participant in the commodity sheathing portion of the business. And I think importantly, we've been very, very focused on our cost structure and that's true across all of our manufacturing assets. Certainly, that's the case in our OSB business as well. And so, to the extent that you've got higher-value products and you've got a lower cost structure, I think that's really what gives you the ability to continue to run and generate cash where that may not be the case for some others. And that was certainly the case for us in OSB in Q3. We were cash flow positive in all of our mills in each of the months, except for one mill that had some scheduled maintenance downtime. And so, we're thoughtful about our operating posture, we're always looking to match our supply with profitable demand and generate appropriate returns over time. But, I think, as I mentioned, just the product mix and the cost structure give us a little bit more flexibility in that respect.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's really helpful. And then, you announced the Michigan sale during the quarter, I am wondering if there is any detail you can give us on that property in terms of species, age class earnings contribution relative to kind of the northern region timberlands that you have? And then, do you see further opportunities that are comparable, whether it's in the North or in other regions?
Russell Hagen: Yeah. Anthony, this is Russell. So we did announce the 555,000 acres sale to Lyme timber for $300 million at $540 an acre. And that represents our total Michigan ownership. We have a mix of hardwood logs and pulpwood, so we service both some saw milling and then also pulp activities up there and then there is also a softwood component. We're on target to close in the fourth quarter and so we're very pleased with the overall transaction and the outcome. As far as other Northern Timberlands, I won't comment on specifics, but as we demonstrated, we continue to look at the portfolio. Our goal is to optimize the portfolio over time and the Michigan sale was part of that ongoing effort. So it's a key strategic driver of ours to make sure that we have the right mix of acres that will drive the highest return to the shareholders over time. So we're constantly looking at all of our regions and it's something we're always evaluating, both on the buy side and on the sell side. So as part of that process, we're going to identify certain timberlands that may not be strategic for us and we'll act on those appropriately. And on the buy side, we can be very patient. We have 12 million acres. We're in every operating region in the United States. And so we can be patient and make sure that anything that we contemplate creates shareholder value over time.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Devin, good morning, Russ.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Mark.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I'd like to just come back on that Michigan land. So Russell, can you just -- can help us at all thinking about the earnings impact from that sale? My own work would suggest it's about 20% to 25% of your land base, but as I understand, it's probably a bigger portion of the earnings in that segment?
Russell Hagen: Yeah, Mark, we don't break out the specific earnings in a segment. But you're right, it's about 25% of the total acres in the North. I think for context, last year we generated $19 million to $20 million of EBITDA out of the Northern Timberland operation. So that can kind of give you an idea of generally what the contribution was.
Mark Wilde: So you're saying the contribution last year would have only been about let's say $4 million?
Russell Hagen: Probably a little higher than that.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And just again to kind of come back on the issue of how Northern Timberland is identified, if we look at the South and the West, you're really a plantation forestry company and much of what you got kind of across the North is just kind of natural regeneration. So does that make the North different for you from kind of a strategy standpoint?
Russell Hagen: Mark as we've said in the past, our focus has definitely been kind of in the West and in the South. When you think of the North, it's -- the West it's pretty consistent I guess growing areas primarily Doug fir, primarily the sawlog outcome; in the South, it's Southern Yellow Pine, pine plantation. When you look in the North, we really have four distinct kind of areas. We have Montana and Michigan, Maine and then West Virginia and each one of them have distinct products, distinct customers, distinct strategies. And so, I would say that you do need to look at it on an individual kind of region basis in the North or in the North it's not as comparable clearly to the West or the South.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And the last one on the Northern Timberland, just we have a lot of carnage right now in the hardwood lumber business and I'm understanding some really underperforming properties on the timberland side in hardwood. What effect is that having on you? And also does that create any potential opportunities?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. This is Devin. No question, the China trade dispute has had a negative impact on the hardwood sawtimber market and I think you're seeing that really across the board. I think certainly as we think about going forward to the extent that the trade dispute can get resolved, I think that will be alleviated, but it's going to be some tough sledding in that market until that ultimately does happen. In terms of specific opportunities, I don't know that there is anything that we would highlight right now. We're watching the market across the board that's true both in the hardwood business and really the rest of our ownerships, so nothing specific to highlight on that right now.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then Devin just last one for me. Just over on the Wood Products side of your portfolio, we've been hearing for several months more positive commentary and results from the homebuilders but it really hasn't to this point kind of flowed through to the suppliers to the homebuilders. How do you interpret that?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. I think part of this earlier in the summer, when we really started to see a little bit of pickup in the activity was there was a bit of destocking. I think there was probably a bit more spec home inventory in the system that had to be worked through. And so not all of that pickup in activity really translated into actual Wood Products demand pull through. I think you're starting to see that get more into balance. And as we see the starts activity and the new home sales activity continue to improve that should have more pull through. The other thing I think that's been really hard in terms of dialing in the supply-demand dynamic is with all of the curtailment activity that we've seen that introduces noise into the system. And so when you see some of these mills take indefinite or permanent shutdowns, there is an inventory flushing that typically occurs in the system. And I think that's part of what we saw in Q3 as some of these mills closed down and we're really eliminating the inventory. You probably saw a little bit more of that flushing through that had a bit of a dampening effect on pricing. But ultimately there is no question as we continue to see housing improve and if this trend continues which we think it will that ultimately will result in more Wood Products demand. And you combine that with the curtailment activity, put the noise aside that will be I think a positive for commodity pricing across the board.
Mark Wilde: Yes. It definitely looks like it when we look at these SPF prices the last couple of weeks Devin. I’ll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. One or two follow ups. First just on the Michigan sale, so you've got $250 million on assets for sale you're selling it for $300 million. So can we conclude it's a $50 million gain on that sale? And I assume that's not included in any of your guidance, so I assume you're going to take that out as a non-recurring item when you report for the fourth quarter?
Russell Hagen: Yes Mark. That's correct.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then there has been some chatter about opening federal forests to logging. Any perspectives on the likelihood of that happening and/or potential impact if it were to?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. Honestly, I don't think we're overly concerned about that. There are a lot of impediments to rapidly increasing logging of federal land, the litigation environment, frankly the capacity in the system to do that. So it's not something that we're particularly concerned about. I think even if we do see a little bit of an uptick it's not going to have a material impact on any of our businesses.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then lastly, obviously, this year the tax rate has been pretty unusual. Kind of on a go-forward basis is there a formula or way that we should be thinking about? Does it go back to the way it used to be or is there kind of a different way to be thinking about the tax rate for 2020 as well?
Russell Hagen: Mark, the provision for income tax is this year has been primarily driven by the performance in the TRS and primarily Wood Products performance. As you're aware, we calculate the estimated annual tax rate on a consolidated basis, so combining the REIT and tax for REIT subsidiary, because we don't pay taxes on the REIT income. We get a lot of volatility in the effective tax rate, particularly when the other proportion of earnings between the REIT and the TRS changes, which is really what you're seeing this year. So, as we've said, the fourth quarter rate is going to be highly dependent on Wood Products pricing just as a function of that proportion. I think as we come into 2020, we should start seeing that tax rate normalize as we have improved performance, particularly in the Wood Products operations.
Mark Weintraub: So is it fair to basically use zero on the timber earnings and 20%-or-so for whatever we estimate the TRS might be which will be largely the Wood Products business?
Russell Hagen: Yes. I mean, we don't pay tax coming out of the REIT. So on the TRS, probably more of an all-in rate of around 25%. Again we'll provide guidance in February when we update our guidance for 2020 for you.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, super. Thank you.
Russell Hagen: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Collin
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Collin.
Collin Mings: First question for me. Just, Devin, going back to your prepared remarks on the Japan market, can you just maybe expand on the demand trends you're seeing there? It looks like wooden construction starts actually fell there year-over-year in August? And then with the consumption tax increase, it would just be helpful if we could get your latest read on that market and maybe how you expect that to evolve?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think the important thing for us when we think about the Japan housing market is the post and beam market. And so that really is where our product feeds into the construction activity and that's been up 1% year-to-date. And so that has remained a pretty strong market for us. Our customers in Japan have had steady demand and we continue to see that. I think as you think over time the one piece that is always a little bit of a variable is just with currency. That market is served by European supply and U.S. supply. But our customers are doing well. They have had strong demand, good activity there. And so we're seeing good solid activity into that market and anticipate that continuing.
Collin Mings: Okay, thank you. And then switching to real estate, Russell just given some of the recent headlines in both Florida and Maine as it relates to warehouse or in zoning, can you maybe just update us on your thoughts on how important pursuing entitlement is in select markets to your strategy of creating value and extracting a premium to core timberland?
Russell Hagen: Sure. So specific to the Florida headline that's a relatively small development area. It's been about 1,700 acres. We've been pursuing entitlement over a number of years. As you're aware, the entitlement process can be a bit of a bumpy road. And so I think that's really what you're saying, but that really is not a significant contributor to our overall performance on the overall real estate program. As far as Maine, we completed that entitlement back in 2012. Since that time, we really haven't seen that market materialize for development. And so we're opting to seek to convert that back into timberlands and manage it on a sustainable basis like we manage all of our timberlands. Again that really isn't a significant contributor to the overall real estate performance going forward. As far as the entitlement, I mean it's a relatively low cost way of taking properties up the value curve. And so we're seeing opportunity to entitle a property and then divest it to a developer or another party, we're going to pursue that and we think through every one of our opportunities pretty clear understanding that it just takes time, but ultimately we're trying to seek the highest value for those lands that we've identified for development outcomes and then also for HBU sales.
Collin Mings: Got it. So it sounds like again it will be basically a selective process of what you actually decide to pursue as far as the entitlement front. But I guess to your point, it's relatively low cost way of maybe adding some value in some select markets, is that fair?
Russell Hagen: Yeah that's fair. Again it is very -- it’s a relatively small subset of our overall AVO portfolio. And again it's a low cost way of taking that property up the value curve.
Collin Mings: Okay. Thank you, Russell.
Russell Hagen: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Just a couple of things. How much of the additional saw milling capacity that's still to come in the south is in places where it's going to have a direct impact on you? My recollection is that we've already seen a pretty good portion of what's going to hit you directly, is that right?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I think as you think about the 5.5 billion board feet that are coming in, I would say we're good way down the path on that starting up operations, and it's differential as you mentioned by region. I think there are still a few mills that are coming in that will have an impact on us others less so. But generally speaking, we have operations in all major wood baskets. And so we may be a little bit more heavily weighted to some states versus the other, but there will be some impact really across the board in each of those new mills coming into place.
Mark Connelly: Okay. That's helpful. And just one last thing. Russell, you mentioned that buyers are still limiting inventory and we're clearly seeing that. Last quarter you characterized the inventory level as fairly normal. Would you still say it's relatively normal or is it starting to get lower?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. Just to clarify, are you talking about within the Wood Products channel?
Mark Connelly: Yeah, yeah. Sorry, sorry. Yeah.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I would say that they are still relatively lean across the system and that's true for lumber OSB and EWP.
Mark Connelly: Super. Thank you.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes, good morning Devin, Russell and Beth. Thanks for all the details.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Chip Dillon: First question is -- I will say that our base case is that the Wood Products business will certainly not be as good as it was last year, but better than this year, next year and that should allow you to pretty much cover your dividend just with cash flow. But I am encouraged and just want to make sure I'm on the right path. It's about $1 billion a year at the current rate, and it looks like if I'm doing my numbers right that you are probably three quarters of the way there not that this is how we should look at it, but with the Michigan sale, the last tranche of the variable entity payment next year that gives us $302 million. You mentioned $90 million I think you're looking for from 2018 in terms of a tax refund. So I add that up, and I'm in the $700 million range. My question is what is the refund that you're looking to get for the overpayment this year?
Russell Hagen: For this overpayment, it's about $40 million to $45 million.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And I take it, the path, I just went down is the right way to look at things that. You're looking at north of $700 million of inflows from all these activities?
Russell Hagen: Yes. It's correct.
Chip Dillon: Okay, all right. That's helpful. And then just shifting gears, I noticed two of the businesses that six, seven years ago that seem to really be struggling had -- basically were the bright spots of the quarter from one I can tell, and that of course would be the distribution business and especially engineered wood products. And I didn't know if there is anything unusual in this quarter or if we should sort of hang our hat on how well these businesses are performing? I note that both can receive certain cost benefits from the timing of raw material changes. So, I didn't know, for example, the low OSB prices were boosting EWP unusually and maybe the same in distribution if you had inventory gains?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. I would say there is always a minor benefit when OSB prices go down to our EWP business, because the web stock is one of the products that goes into the end-use. But I would say at a higher level, this is the case really across all of our manufacturing businesses. We have been doing a lot of work to improve our operating performance and to improve our cost structure, and that's true in EWP. It's true in our distribution business. And although we've seen product pricing a bit challenging this year, I would say that's equally true for lumber and OSB. These businesses are operating as well as they ever have, and that has been a really important focus for us in our overall business strategy. And so, you're seeing that now. I think as we alluded to earlier, when the businesses are operating well and we're continuing to prove -- improve every day. When we do see an uptick in the housing activity and the commodity prices, we're really well positioned to generate a lot of value from these assets.
Chip Dillon: Great. Thank you very much.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steve Chercover: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Steve Chercover: Just a quick one on OSB. I mean I have a sense that your system is low cost, and I'm just wondering is that due to your fiber baskets in which you operate, the equipment or maybe the proximity to markets? And I understand that you are making some premium products.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. What I would really attribute that to you is all of the work that we've done to improve efficiencies, improve recovery, the operating performance, the continued focus on cost generally. I mean amongst our various manufacturing assets, some are maybe a little bit better located relative to fiber than others. I wouldn't say that in and of itself is the key driver, it's really just been the continued focus on improving our operations and keeping a very tight control on cost. And that ultimately has been the big driver for us.
Steven Chercover: Okay. And then in honor of the World Series, I've got a curveball for you. And it does kind of center on control. So in Oregon you have an office manager who stole $4.5 million from you over 15 years. And I assume it's an isolated incident. But are you putting in safeguards to ensure that this can't happen again?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. Well as you can imagine, this case is currently under criminal investigation by the U.S. Attorney. So there is a limited amount we can really comment on. But what I would say is, it's very disappointing. The employee obviously no longer works for us. We've instituted appropriate controls to ensure that this doesn't happen again. And so, that's really what we can say there, very disappointing situation.
Steven Chercover: Okay, thanks a lot.
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Today's final question will come from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn: Yeah thanks and good morning guys.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Paul Quinn: Just a question on U.S. South log pricing, and Devin you mentioned that the 5.5 billion board feet of lumber capacity adds. When I take a look at WWPA data on South production, over the last 5.5 years, it's kind of up 3.5 billion board feet. So, just wondering where that disconnect? Is that two billion, expected to come over the next couple of years? And what's your -- Weyerhaeuser has done a number of upgrades. What I'm hearing from other companies is that, it's taking longer in the sawmill ramp ups to get to the design capacity. Have you experienced the same thing?
Devin Stockfish: Yeah. You know I think the important thing to remember on that, 5.5 billion is that announced capacity. And so that's just been coming in tranches over the last several years. And we still have a little bit left to go. And to your point, once you actually commission a sawmill to the point where it's running full, and you start adding the second shift that's a process that can take six to 12 months frankly. And so, we've seen certain of our competitors that have put in mills. And it can take a little longer at times. I will say for our two mills in particular Millport and Dierks, we've actually done a really nice job in getting those mills up the start-up curve. Ultimately that will add around 300 million board feet of incremental capacity to those two mills. And so, it's a complex process to get mills up and running, after you get them started. And really get them fully operational. And that does take some time. But we're confident that all of that, 5.5 billion is ultimately going to come in. This is one of the best wood baskets to manufacture lumber certainly in North America, if not the world. And so, we think that's going to continue to happen here in the near-term.
Paul Quinn: All right, best of luck. Thanks.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thank you.
Devin Stockfish: All right, well I think that was the last question. So I'll just say thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. And thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. And have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2019 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. And our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Weyerhaeuser has reported second-quarter net earnings of $128 million or $0.17 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Excluding a small benefit from special items, we earned $123 million or $0.16 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $343 million. I'm extremely proud of our team as each of our businesses delivered strong operating performance despite various market and weather related challenges throughout the quarter. In a moment I'll dive into our business results, but first let me set the stage with some brief comments on the housing market. Outside of the Pacific Northwest, the second quarter was extremely wet. Record setting precipitation constrained building activity in key areas across the country. Housing starts in most regions, increased modestly quarter-over-quarter, despite the unusual weather and second quarter, housing starts totaled $126 million on a seasonally adjusted basis compared with $1.2 million in the first quarter. However, housing starts in the south, which account for roughly half of U.S. homebuilding activity, declined on a seasonally adjusted basis as build our struggle to navigate flooding in near historic levels of rainfall. In addition to the weather related challenges during the first half of 2019, the industry continues to face many of the same supply side constraints that have been headwinds for housing over the last several years, namely affordability, regulatory burdens and labor and lot availability. While these constraints continue to affect the housing market, we believe the fundamentals support modest growth for 2019. In particular, mortgage applications for purchase are up over 6% in the first half of 2019 versus the same period in 2018. New home sales are up 2% year-to-date, builder sentiment remains strong, economic data remains positive with increasing real wages, unemployment below 4% and consumer confidence near 15 year highs. And affordability has improved as mortgage rates have declined. Our builder customers are optimistic that they will be able to return to a more normal pace of building activity in the third quarter and they continue to hope for catch up activity in the fourth quarter, weather permitting. We also expect builders will continue to adjust product offerings as they seek to meet solid and growing underlying demand for affordable housing. Turning now to our second quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands, Charts 4 through 6. Timberlands contributed $102 million the second-quarter earnings and $175 million to adjusted EBITDA. Western Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $8 million compared with the first quarter due to additional forestry and road building activity, which typically increases during the drier months. Demand for Western domestic logs softened slightly at some lumber mills reduced hours in response to continued low lumber prices. Logging conditions improved significantly, compared with the first quarter, resulting in good log availability across the Northwest markets. Although pricing trended modestly lower as the quarter progressed, our second quarter domestic log pricing was comparable to the first quarter average. Moving to the export markets. In Japan, post and beam housing starts are up almost 2% year-to-date and demand for our logs remained steady. Average sales realizations for our Japanese export logs were comparable to the first quarter. Second quarter log sales volumes to Japan were stronger than we had originally expected and were down only slightly compared with the prior quarter. In China, overall log inventories at Chinese ports decreased 11% during the second quarter to 4.1 million cubic meters. However, the inventory trend varied by species. Inventories of North American hemlock and Douglas fir logs decreased by 44% but inventories of Radiata pine continue to build in the quarter. At the end of June, Radiata radio represented approximately 73% of the ports inventory volumes compared with 60% at the end of March. The oversupply of Radiata pine has had only a modest effect on demand and pricing for our logs as the Douglas fir and hemlock that we export generally serve different end-markets than Radiata. Second quarter realizations for our China export logs were slightly lower than the first quarter. Log sales volumes decreased, but this was primarily due to the timing of vessel sailings. Overall, second quarter log export revenues were lower than the year ago quarter, due to lower realizations for our Japan and China logs and lower sales volumes to China due to timing of shipments. For Western Timberlands as a whole, EBITDA is significantly lower than a year ago due to the lower prices for domestic and export logs. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $4 million compared with the first quarter due to lower fee harvest volumes. Extremely wet weather created challenging logging conditions during the second quarter our fee harvest volume decreased only slightly, as our scale operability and supply chain infrastructure enabled us to largely maintained our planned harvest volume through the record rainfall. Log availability was tight across Southern markets particularly in the Mid-South resulting in low mill inventories and continued solid pricing. Average realizations for our Southern saw logs were flat with the first quarter and realization for our fiber logs increased slightly. On the export side, Southern log export volumes and realizations were comparable to the first quarter. Comparing overall Southern Timberlands results with the year ago quarter, EBITDA increased slightly due to higher average log sales realizations, partially offset by lower harvest volumes and slightly higher harvest in whole cost due to the wet weather. Northern Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $6 million compared with the first quarter. Fee harvest volumes declined seasonally as spring breakup limited activity across most of our Northern operations and average realizations improved as our harvest mix shifted seasonally to a higher proportion of hardwood sawlogs. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA from Northern Timberlands decreased slightly due to lower harvest volumes. Real estate, energy and natural resources, Chart 7 and 8. Real estate and ENR contributed $35 million to second quarter earnings and $71 million to adjusted EBITDA. So second quarter EBITDA was $35 million lower than the first quarter by $24 million higher than a year ago. As we previously indicated, due to strong activity at the end of 2018, our 2019 real estate activity is heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. Interest from recreational and high net worth buyers remained solid in the second quarter. We also closed a large acreage transaction in Montana, which accounted for approximately half of the acres sold. As a result, the number of acres sold in the second quarter increased 21% compared with the first quarter and there was nearly three times higher than a year ago. Average price per acre decreased significantly compared with the first quarter and the year-ago quarter, due to the large proportion of acres sold in Montana, where Timberland prices are regionally lower. In energy and natural resources, EBITDA increased slightly compared with the first quarter due to a small seasonal increase in construction materials volumes. Compared with the year ago quarter, ENR EBITDA increased due to higher volumes and pricing for construction materials and hard minerals. Wood Products, Charts 9 and 10. Wood Products contributed $81 million to second quarter earnings and $128 million to adjusted EBITDA. Compared with the first quarter, earnings and EBITDA increased despite lower average pricing for our commodity products. EBITDA for lumber decreased $3 million, as slightly lower lumber realizations and higher log costs were mostly offset by a seasonal increase in sales volumes. Lumber pricing trended unevenly throughout the quarter, holding flat through April, declining in May as continued wet weather and limited customer purchasing and improving in June with the announcement of curtailments in mill closures in British Columbia. On average, the framing lumber composite price decreased 3% in the second quarter compared with the first and our average realizations decreased by 1%. Lumber sales volumes increased 12% compared with the first quarter while production was up 4%. Our mills had another excellent quarter operationally. Unit manufacturing costs decreased slightly compared with the first quarter and our lumber system achieve the lowest controllable manufacturing cost per unit it is ever recorded. This is a strong indication that our OpEx efforts are yielding meaningful results. Our Timberlands and Wood Products teams also worked exceptionally well together to keep our mill supplied with logs in very challenging harvest conditions. Despite record levels of precipitation across the U.S. South and Alberta, we experienced only minor out of log downtime at one mill in our system. Comparing second quarter results with the year ago quarter, lumber EBITDA decreased significantly due to lower average sales realizations, partially offset by lower log and manufacturing cost. EBITDA for the second quarter of 2019 includes a charge of $5 million for countervailing and antidumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. OSB EBITDA decreased $11 million compared with the first quarter. This is almost entirely attributable to lower average realizations. The second quarter pricing trajectory for OSB mirror that of lumber. Benchmark North Central pricing averaged 12% below the first quarter and our average realizations declined 4%. Our sales and production volumes were comparable to the first quarter, slightly lower than a year ago as we took a bit more downtime than originally forecasted. Comparing our second quarter results to the year ago quarter, EBITDA was significantly lower due to a 42% decrease in average sales realizations and slightly lower sales volumes. Engineered Wood Products EBITDA increased by $17 million compared with the first quarter. Average sales realizations for solid section products were flat and average realizations for I-Joists decreased by 3%, primarily due to seasonal mix. Sales volumes increased by 17% for solid section products and 27% for I-Joists due to seasonally higher building activity. Production volumes for solid section and I-Joists products increased only modestly as we began the customary draw down of our first quarter inventory build. Fiber cost declined due to lower cost for logs in oriented strand board web stock and unit manufacturing costs for MDF improved due to higher operating rates. Compared with the year ago quarter, lower costs for logs in oriented strand board were partially offset by lower sales volumes. Distribution EBITDA increased by $7 compared with the first quarter due to improved sales volumes. EBITDA was slightly lower than a year ago as sales continue to lag last year's levels. I'd like to now turn to operational excellence. Our businesses are making good progress against our collective 2019 operational excellence target of $80 million to $100 million. Year-to-date, our biggest OpEx benefits in Timberlands continue to come from improved logging in hauling efficiencies in our Southern operations and marketing and merchandising improvements across the West and South. In Wood Products, our greatest benefits have come from our ongoing initiatives to reduce controllable manufacturing costs for lumber and OSB and improve log recovery and engineered wood products. Our real estate business is also on track to meet or exceed its targeted 30% premium to timber value. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our third quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks Devin, and good morning. Key outlook guidance for the third quarter are presented on Chart 13 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, as is customary, third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be seasonally about we expect a seasonal decrease, similar to what we saw in the third quarter of 2018 when earnings and adjusted EBITDA decreased by approximately $35 million compared with the second quarter. In our Western Timberland operations, we expect our third quarter harvest volumes will be lower than the second quarter. As is typical for this time of year, our road spending will be slightly higher. Operating conditions in the West had been favorable for the past several months. Domestic log inventories are at healthy levels ahead of fire season. Our domestic log sales realizations trended down late in the second quarter and we anticipate our average realizations for the third quarter will be moderately below in the second quarter average, absent significant fire-related disruptions or restrictions. In Japan, post and beam housing starts are expected to remain steady and we continue to experience solid demand for our export logs. In the third quarter, we expect Japanese export sales volumes will be comparable with the second quarter and average log sales realizations will be slightly lower. Chinese export log sales volumes are expected to increase in the third quarter due to the timing of vessel selling's. We anticipate average sales realizations will decline modestly compared to the second quarter. Although demand remains fairly steady, we do anticipate the recent sharp drop in Radiata pine pricing will create some downward pressure on our prices for a Chinese export logs. In the South, forestry spending will increase as we entered the drier summer months and complete activities that were deferred by wet conditions in the first half of the year. We anticipate higher fee harvest volumes in the third quarter and average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the second quarter. In the North, third quarter fee harvest volumes will be significantly higher in the second quarter as we move past the spring breakup season. Turning to our real estate energy and natural resources segment, as previously discussed the cadence of our real estate sales will be more heavily weighted to the first half of the year in 2019. We continue to see strong interest in higher and better use lands from high net worth individuals and recreational buyers. Markets in the South and the West are particularly strong. We anticipate third quarter adjusted EBITDA for the real estate energy natural resources segment will be approximately $15 million lower than in the second quarter. Land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be slightly higher than the second quarter at approximately 60%. We expect third quarter earnings will be $10 million lower than the second quarter. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA of approximately $270 for the full year of 2019. And we now expect land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be between 50% and 55% for the full year. For Wood Products we expect third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the second quarter before the benefit from the improvement in sales realizations. We anticipate comparable sales volumes and slightly lower fiber costs offset by slightly higher unit in manufacturing costs, engineered wood products due to scheduled downtime. We expect third quarter realizations for lumber and OSB will be higher than the second quarter average. For both lumber and OSB third quarter to date average sales realizations are comparable with the second quarter average, and current realizations are $5 higher than the second quarter average. As a reminder, for lumber every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis; Chart 11 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. The $13 million favorable variance in earnings before special items compared with the first quarter is primarily attributable to lower variable compensation expense. Second quarter also included a small non-cash foreign exchange gain as compared with a non-cash charge in the first quarter. Each year in the second quarter, we finalized prior year-end estimates for pension plan assets and liabilities. As a result, our second quarter pretax special items include a $6 million benefit from finalization of the non-cash settlement charge related to the transfer of pension assets and liabilities to the purchase of a group annuity contract, which we completed in the first quarter. Excluding pension settlement items, our second quarter non-cash, non-operating pension and post-retirement benefit costs were comparable to the first quarter. We continue to expect to record approximately $60 million of expense for the full year 2019. Turning to our key financial items, which are summarized on Chart 12, we ended the second quarter with a cash balance of $212 million. Cash from operations during the second quarter was $396 million, an increase of $410 million over the first quarter, which is typically the lowest cash flow quarter of the year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $84 million. We expect total CapEx for 2019 will be approximately $380 million. $120 million for Timberlands inclusive of reforestation costs, $250 million for wood products and $10 million for planned corporate IT system upgrades. Moving on to financing we ended the quarter with approximately $6.3 billion of total debt outstanding. We have no debt maturities until 2021. We expect full-year 2019 interest expense will be approximately $375 million excluding special items. I'll wrap up with taxes. In the second quarter, we recorded an income tax benefit as we recalibrated our annual effective tax rate to account for lower than expected wood products pricing. We currently expect our full-year effective tax rate will reflect the benefit of approximately 20% before special items. We expect to pay minimum cash taxes in 2019. Now I'll turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Great, thank you, Russell. Looking forward, we continue to believe there is a modest growth trajectory for US housing. As the market addresses supply-side constraints it narrows the gap to fundamental demand, but we also remain positioned and prepared to fully capitalize on a range of market conditions. Most importantly, we will continue to focus on what we can control. Optimizing our operations and portfolio, capturing efficiencies, capitalizing on our diversification and scale and delivering operational excellence every single day. We will remain focused on these things so that we will drive industry-leading operational and financial performance and deliver superior value to our shareholders. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Russell, I just wanted to clarify the comments you made on the 3Q outlook for wood products. I think you noted in the release you expect it to be flat sequentially assuming that price realizations are flat, but then I think in the prepared remarks, you also talked about assuming higher lumber and OSB prices. So I just wanted to reconcile those. And then when you talk about prices being flat are you talking about versus the 2Q average or where you ended 2Q, or kind of where we are today?
Russell Hagen: Yes, I think really what we're looking at is: one, we're operating very well in our manufacturing operations. The cost structure is clearly as Devin mentioned, really well positioned. So as we look at quarter-over-quarter, and the activity pricing has been pretty flat, but we would expect as we come into later in the summer, as activity increases, that we'll see improving pricing. So that's kind of how we're looking at it. We're really in just really a good position to benefit from that improvement in pricing.
Devin Stockfish: Just to follow-up on that, I think directionally, we're expecting a pricing uplift. As we see construction activity continue to pick up in the back half of the year, obviously, there have been a lot of curtailments and mill closure announcements. I think those are still working their way through the system. So directionally, we're expecting an uplift. I think, for us, the challenge is quantifying the timing and the magnitude.
Brian Maguire: And just to be clear, if that uplift developed, that would be upside to the flat sort of outlook on earnings?
Russell Hagen: Correct. Yes, correct.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just wanted to be clear on that. And then you commented on some of the curtailments that have been announced. Just wondering how long you think it will take for some of that to create some tension on the market? And I guess tied into that question; how would you assess the inventories in the channel and sort of your own inventories? Because obviously there have been a lot of curtailments. So far, it hasn't really moved the needle a lot on pricing. But I'm guessing there's still a little bit of excess inventory in the channels.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so let me speak to channel inventory first and then I'll get back to your second question. I'd say, as a general statement across the industry, I would say that inventory levels are in the normal range. Now there may be a few geographies where it's a little high or a little low. But on balance, I think they're in a normal range. I do think one of the dynamics that you're seeing at present is that buyers are generally not building inventories. They feel pretty confident that they can get supply on an 'as needed' basis to meet their needs. And so I wouldn't say that inventories are in an extreme level by any means. The one I guess caveat to that is on SPF as you alluded to with some of the mill closures and curtailments, some of that volume from those mills that are closing down seems to be finding its way into the market. And I think that's been a little bit of a headwind on SPF here just recently. That being said, there have been a lot of capacity that's coming out of the system for the announced mill closures. There is a little noise in the system as that volume flows through, as you think about mills that are closing down. They're going to have to move their inventories out into the market and sometimes that will put a little pressure on things. But after that it sort of works its way through the system. We would expect that to normalize over time, whether that's two weeks, four weeks, what have you, hard to predict. But certainly, directionally, that's what we would expect to happen.
Brian Maguire: And just last one from me. The log costs in Western Canada been elevated I think the pine beetle impact that you guys have been talking about for a number of years. Maybe it's finally starting to work its way from the initial stages of creating an oversupply of logs that maybe now restricting supply a bit. I was wondering if you could talk about that market and how in general that's impacting you? I know you have a little bit of lumber capacity in that area. But net-net, I would think the pressure that it creates on some of the imports to the U.S. would be a benefit for you. But I just wanted to get some perspective from you on that.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So there are really two things going on in British Columbia. One, as you mentioned, is the impact of the pine beetle and forest fire, which has reduced the overall supply of timber. Now, I would say that it's differential by region. And so when you're talking about certain areas in sort of the mid-B.C. range, it's a little bit more heavily impacted. Where we own a mill is a little bit further south. The wood basket that we operate in, hasn't been impacted in a meaningful way by the pine beetle or forest fire. So our fiber supply at our mill is actually in reasonably good shape. The other piece that you've been hearing about from a log cost perspective is the way that they do stumpage rates in British Columbia. And that reset on July 1st. It went up. You've probably heard that talk to you from a number of our competitors that are bigger in that region. And so that's the other impact on log cost, it's just the method that they used to calculate stumpage rates. For us, given the wood basket that we operate in, where fiber is a little bit more available, we have a mill that's a low-cost mill, top quartile cost structure in that region. And so even with the increased stumpage rates, I think we're feeling pretty good about the operations that we have in British Columbia.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: I wondered, Devin, if you could just give us any color on the lumber trade dispute. Is the pain that we're seeing in lumber markets right now, is this sparking anymore interest in discussions or is it still a back burner issue?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I'd say there hasn't been a whole lot of movement on that front. Really, the activity is primarily in the litigation channels with the WTO and NAFTA. And so that process is going to take several years to work its way through. Ultimately, we would hope to come do a resolution that both sides can live with. From our perspective, that would be quota-based. But there hasn't been a whole lot of movement on that front recently.
Mark Wilde: And then just to come back to this kind of Canadian log issue, can we get a general sense of what you think at current SPF pricing levels, - many of the mills up there actually cash positive, would you guess?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, it's really hard for us to speculate on the cost structure for our competitors. Really, what we can speak to is our mill in British Columbia, as I mentioned; we think that's a top quartile mill and we can make money even at these levels. And so you can do the math. If we think we're a top quartile cost structure, that means others aren't, at least not everyone. And so you can probably run your own math. It's hard for us to speculate specifically on their cost structure though.
Mark Wilde: Last one from me is just maybe you can provide a little bit of color on what you're seeing in U.S. Timberland markets, both in terms of the volume of properties that are in the market and then what you're seeing in terms of Timberland valuations.
Russell Hagen: 2019 has actually been a pretty slow start. We've seen a little more activity as we come in the summer months. But I think. in general, our expectation is that 2019 will be a pretty light year from a timber transaction kind of from the broader market timber transaction base. Typically, we expect around $2 billion to trade. And then every year you see maybe one large transaction sit on top of that. And so the average over the last number of years has been $2 billion to $4 billion. But I would speculate that we'd be hard-pressed to hit $2 billion in 2019, given the amount of transactions that we've seen close and the amount of acres that are on market or we would expect to see come to the market. One thing I'd say is, I think it's just a timing of transactions. I don't think it points to any fundamental change in the timber market. We're still seeing strong values. We're still seeing quality properties trade. good prices, and we're still seeing capital coming into the market seeking out the investments. So I think we're just going to see a slow year this year.
Mark Wilde: If can slip one more; is it possible, Devin, for you to just to update people on your thinking around the dividend? I think there has been some concern that you won't cover the dividend this year and I think it would be good to just hear how you hand the board. Our thinking about that, clearly there's a lot of volatility in your cash flows, just because of what's been going on in the wood markets?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure, Mark. Obviously, the first half of the year has been a little soft on pricing across a number of our products. And that impacts cash flow. I would say, just as a starting point, we're expecting prices to pick up over the back half of the year, as I mentioned earlier. But putting that aside, I think we've been clear, returning cash to shareholders through our sustainable dividend is a core capital allocation priority, as is reinvesting in the business and maintaining an appropriate capital structure. And so to the extent that we continue to see a soft pricing environment. we've got leverage, we can pull. There is a little bit we can do around CapEx and further cost control. We're obviously always working on OpEx. But over and above that, we have two key levers to pull. First, as we continue to look to optimize our portfolio, we have opportunities to monetize non-core assets. You've seen us do that in the past with our Uruguay divestiture with what we did on the Twin Creeks transaction. And so that's a lever that we have to pull. Additionally, we have a strong balance sheet and lots of liquidity. And we're prepared to tap some of that liquidity to bridge as needed. I do think it's important to point out, we value our investment grade credit rating and so we'll obviously balance that in consideration of the other levers that we have to pull. But again, we do think you're going to see some uptick in pricing, but we've got levers that we can pull to continue to execute on our capital allocation priorities in the meantime.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: I had three questions, one on homebuilding and housing, one on cost and operations and then one on timber pricing. First, some of the research and some of the commentary that we've heard and seen suggest that one of the issues that's been impacting homebuilding is a lot of issues that you had mentioned in terms of land availability, labor availability and so on. But one of the things that's hurting affordability is permitting costs and those are somewhat intractable and being driven by fiscal issues and other issues that kind of feedback and community. So to the extent, that your customers have a view on this, and whether that comes down. That's become a very meaningful price for a new homeowner to get over to build that new home. What are you hearing in the marketplace, and I'll come in with my follow-ons?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, there is no question that is one of the things that's driving the affordability issue. We've heard estimates as high as 25% of the costs of some homes being built are due to some of the regulatory burdens that are put on the builders. And so that's a challenge. Now the issue there is that something, typically that you have to battle out at the local level. The one thing that does give me some optimism around that, however, is there is a growing appreciation I think in the public policy space that affordable housing is a real issue that must be resolved. You've heard the governor of California talk about building 2.5 million to 3 million units to just get back up to base level demand. Here in Seattle, where the markets tight. It's a topic of conversation regularly. And I think you're seeing that play out. Now, the challenge in moving local governments is going to be differential depending on where you are in the country. But I do think that has really found its way into the public debate and that gives me some level of optimism that perhaps it's an issue that we can figure out to help with the affordability issue.
George Staphos: All right, thanks for thoughts on that Devin we'll keep coming back to that. In terms of costs, I mean you pointed to it from our vantage point you did really, really well this quarter. How did you keep SG&A really well aligned I think it was flat year-on-year, flat in the quarter, especially within wood products? And what is repeatable in terms of your manufacturing cost – leverage in wood products, looking at in the next couple of quarter. Was there anything aberrational in your ability to keep cost as low as they were in the quarter?
Devin Stockfish: No, absolutely not. And you know both from an SG&A perspective and an operating cost within the businesses, whether it's wood products or elsewhere. The reason that we've been on the positive trajectory there is, because we focus on it. We talk about it all the time we're always focused on it. OpEx has become part of the D&A of this organization that's true in the business, it's true with the corporate level. And so I wouldn't say there's anything aberrational in Q2. My expectation is, as we mentioned we're targeting another $80 million to $100 million of improvement in 2019. And we're confident that we're going to get it.
George Staphos: And Devin, just the SG&A, we should be able to see or you should be able to maintain that leverage going forward?
Devin Stockfish: That's certainly the goal.
George Staphos: And the last I didn't hear you, Russell talk about, you just mentioned there was a downtick in Western realizations and logs. If you could comment in terms of what was driving that end of quarter, pressure that would be helpful? Thank you, guys and good luck in the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, let me just comment on the Western system generally, because that's a little context for what's going on with the pricing. I'd say over Q2, the demand was steady in the Western system, but as it's typically the case as the weather improves as you get into the drier months. You see additional volume coming into the market from the non-industrial former wood. And so that's an incremental volume that we see every year. I think the two additional factors at play this year are number one. While, our demand has been steady to China, I do think you've seen a little bit of a drop off within the Western region on shipments to China so some of that volume has stayed domestic. And then the third piece is, there were some ice storms in Southern Oregon over the winter time and you're seeing a lot of the landowners, moving some of that salvage volume to market, which is impacting the dynamic in Southern Oregon and is bleeding up a little bit to mid Oregon as well. And so those three things together, I think have put a little bit of a softness in pricing in the West. That's not a typical of what you typically see this time of year, as you see the former wood come to market. But that's sort of where we are. And I would say that's likely going to continue here until we get into – the more wet months here in the Pacific Northwest. So as we said, we would anticipate Q3 pricing in the West to be down moderately compared to Q2.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Going back to Mark's question earlier around the dividend and capital allocation, it does not look like you repurchased any shares during the quarter. Can you maybe just update us on how share repurchases fit into your capital allocation priorities?
Russell Hagen: Yes, sure Collin, this is Russell. As you know, our first priority is – returning cash to the shareholders through the sustainable dividend. And then we'll do share repurchases on an opportunistic basis. In the first quarter, we repurchased around $60 million worth of shares and we did not have any repurchase in the second quarter. But it's something that we look at on an ongoing basis as part of our overall capital allocation program, and we'll update you next quarter as to our activity.
Collin Mings: Switching gears just as far as China and really appreciate all the detail around log inventories in China across the different species you broke out earlier. But can you maybe just expand on why you think there is such a divergence there and maybe expand on how you think that's going to impact that market going forward?
Devin Stockfish: Yes and so the overall rationale for why the radiata pine inventory built up, is a little bit hard for us to project. We obviously don't have Timberlands in New Zealand. What I will say is on an ongoing basis, I do think you've seen a bit of a price correction on radiata pine ordinarily, that would impact the volumes going in, in going into the fall. The other piece I would just say in terms of the overall dynamic in China, typically July and August are warmer months in the Southern China region. And so you ordinarily would see a little bit of a slowdown in take away. And I think in certain end markets, you're also seeing a little bit of lessened economic activity impacting the takeaway at the ports. And so, I think both on the supply and demand side. That's why it has gotten a little bit out of balance and why you've seen some of that price correction. I will say, as we mentioned earlier, though for our business for Hemlock and Douglas fir. We're still seeing good steady demand from our customers. Pricing soften a little bit, but we haven't seen the same kind of price correction that we've seen in some of the other species.
Collin Mings: Appreciate all the detail there, and then just shifting to the U.S. South. I mean clearly wet weather has helped support log pricing throughout the first half of the year in the South. Maybe just as we've kind of moved into the summer and starting to roll into 3Q, have you seen any shifts across different wood baskets in terms of log pricing here? Just maybe it maybe the wet weather hasn't been as pronounced in some areas?
Devin Stockfish: Yes and I think you're absolutely right. The first half of the year, very wet that really kept log inventories at the mills down kept pricing tension in the market. And so, part of the uplift that you saw was attributable to weather. I will say, as we continue to see the manufacturing capacity come into the region and get up and running in those wood baskets. I think that's another piece that added to the uplift on pricing. Our view is that will be something that will continue on. Now that's local to those specific wood baskets, but I do think where we've seen that that's putting an upward pricing pressure. With respect to going into Q3, I think on balance we're expecting comparable quarter-over-quarter pricing. You're going to see maybe a little bit more pricing pressure in some of those regions that have just recently seen a whole bunch of rain, maybe a little less so in regions that have been dryer. But on balance across the south, we're looking at comparable quarter-over-quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Thanks for all the details much appreciated yeah. Just to get a handle on the second half cash flow I know that you're unwinding. And I think this is going to be largely done by next year the timberland transactions from 15 years ago with the SPEs. Is it fair to say that you're going to probably need to make it what a $300 million payment in the second half and you get that back next year? And therefore should we, unless there's a dramatic recovery and pricing expect that net debt number which I get to about 6.1, you mentioned gross debt 6.3, should rise a little bit into year-end and then hopefully drop off next year?
Russell Hagen: Chip. Yes, I think you actually described that pretty well. We entered into a couple of timber transactions back in 2002 and 2004, and set up the financial instruments to monetize those. And the first set of those transactions or vehicles were completed last year. And then we have the second step or a second set coming due this year. In the third quarter, we'll make a payment of $302 million. And then in the first quarter of 2020, we'll receive $362 million. So I would expect at year-end, you're going to see a little bit elevation on that. We'll probably tap a revolver to cover that. But it will be repaid back right in the first quarter. So it'll be very temporary.
Chip Dillon: And then just to clarify, on the Timberlands expectation for the third quarter, I think you said down $35 million EBITDA from a year ago, which I think would mean just a very small like $5 million drop from the second quarter, is that the right zip code?
Russell Hagen: Chip, it's $35 million quarter-over-quarter.
Chip Dillon: So it's from second to third?
Russell Hagen: Correct. Similar though to the drop that we had in 2018, second and third quarters. So it's really impact - it's a seasonal effect really around harvest levels and pricing. And then also drill cost…
Chip Dillon: And then last question is, in the OSB business, I know, and I'll be the first to admit, I was a little skeptical about you guys running so hard. But you clearly have made the right choice because of - we see folks falling by the wayside, so to speak. And you're making money, and that's totally up on the up and up. But you did miss and you took some downtime in OSB. And I'm just curious, was that because you have a different approach there or is it because you were approaching cash cost at a couple of facilities? I'm just curious why you chose to take downtime in OSB?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Chip. And that really was just some maintenance downtime that extended a little bit longer than we had anticipated. At a high level, we're obviously always trying to match our supply with profitable demand, generate appropriate returns over time. I think with our products mix, and remember, we're predominantly a value-added OSB product. So we are not as heavy into the commodity sheeting business. And when we combine that with all the work that we've done on our cost structure, it allows us to be cash flow positive where others perhaps may not. And so in Q2, every one of our OSB mills was cash flow positive in every month, unless they had scheduled maintenance downtime. And I'd say, obviously the ultimate goal is not to just to be cash flow positive. The goal is to exceed earnings in excess of your cost-to-capital over time and that's certainly our expectation. But we're continuing to watch that and monitor it closely.
Chip Dillon: So said differently, if you needed an extra coat of paint this year or next year, why not extend it a few days when the prices are low and do it this year? Because maybe next year it will be a much better market.
Devin Stockfish: Well said.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: A couple of follow-ups. First, you had mentioned that in some of the southern geographies where new lumber capacity has been coming on, you felt a little bit more tension in pricing. Roughly what percentage of your Southern harvest would you say is in those baskets where there is lumber capacity coming on such that it can add some tension to those geographies?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, well, rather than give you a specific percentage, I can talk about sort of geographically. When you think about some of the capacity that's been coming into the Arkansas, Oklahoma region, that's an area where we've seen price tensioning. And, in fact, really some of our highest delivered log prices in Q2 were coming out of that region, sort of the Mississippi area where the [Beaver] mill came in, that's an area that's been tensioned. We obviously have a significant land holdings in Mississippi. There are spots throughout the rest of the south, where some of the mill capacity is impacting our harvest. North Carolina is another strong operating region. We've got a mill that's coming up to speed in that region. And so I think, regionally, there are spots where it's helpful. Obviously, there is new mill capacity coming in Alabama. We have some holdings there. That's not a state where we have a significant amount of a holdings. But it's having a little bit of a knock-on effect in some of those regions as well.
Mark Weintraub: And are there certain locations where you have land where there is going to be capacity coming on shortly which wasn't covered in the list you gave where hopefully we're going to see that tension pick up?
Devin Stockfish: Well, I think those are the regions primarily that we're looking to see the new capacity. If you're asking if there is anything in the rumor mill that's coming on other than what's been publicly announced, I don't think we have anything to add there.
Mark Weintraub: And just also a follow-up on the question of the levers that you have to pull. You had mentioned optimizing the portfolio and looking at non-core assets. Is there any color you can provide to us as to what some of the non-core assets might include?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I don't know. They were prepared to really list out specific non-core assets other than just to say. Obviously, as we look across our acreage in our businesses, we're looking to generate good, strong return on our assets. And that's really part and parcel to how we look to optimize our portfolio and to the extent that we have assets that we don't feel are generating the right return profile, that would be something that we would look at. And so I guess just directionally, we believe there are probably some non-core assets within the portfolio that we could monetize if and when we need to.
Mark Weintraub: And then lastly, trying to make sure I understand. So on the tax rate, so for the full year, as I understand it, you expect that to be a 20% benefit; is that correct? And I also believe that you said that from a cash perspective, it basically would - maybe if you could just restate what you would expect, if anything on the cash side?
Russell Hagen: So that's correct. We expect a 20% benefit for the full year. And that's really just re-calibrating our tax provision to factor in the lower wood products pricing. So, as far as cash taxes, we'll pay minimal cash taxes. We have some refunds associated with the pension work that we did last year. And so we would expect to see minimal cash taxes in 2019.
Mark Weintraub: So on a net basis, minimal cash taxes paid or were the refunds supplemental to that, so that on a net basis you have cash coming in from taxes?
Russell Hagen: Yes. No, on a net basis, it's minimal cash taxes. And then we do have, as we announced, I think in the prior quarter, we do have an outstanding refund that we've put in with the IRS.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Russell, you spoke earlier about the slow timber transaction market. Has your view of the attractiveness of values in that market changed much, or is there just not enough out there to make you want to be more involved?
Russell Hagen: Mark, we really don't have a changed view. The transactions that we are seeing close, are strong values. We're just seeing a slow market right now. And I really don't have an answer as to why we don't see more volume on the market. Just in context, there's about 120 million acres of investable timberlands in the United States. And so as we've seen in the past, those acres are going to trade hands over time, and we would expect that continue into the future. So I just think we're in a slow, slow part of time as it relates to timber transactions, but we really haven't seen any change in value. They remain strong.
Mark Connelly: And then just one quick question. Devin, on the South; how much is the wet weather and the wet soil in the South, affecting your current harvesting? And when do you think we get back to normal, if there's any such thing as normal weather anymore?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Well, in the second quarter, there is no question, it was difficult logging conditions. And we did lose some volume. It was only slight for us. And so, down just a few million dollars in terms of the actual dollar impact to us. But there is no question, logging conditions are very difficult when you have that amount of rain. What I would say is, you know it doesn't typically take all that long for the woods to dry out this time of year. And so we did see a good rain storm coming through in Arkansas, we saw a little bit in Louisiana. Most of the other regions have dried out for the most part. So, I think by and large, you're probably seeing relatively normal logging – activity across the south at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Chercover: So just to begin with respect to your black at the bottom initiative within wood products, is this what black at the bottom, looks like. And of your 100 sorry, 80 million to 100 million OpEx targets how much more might trickle into the wood products bucket?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, with respect to the OpEx piece. So of the 80 to 100 or 40 to 50 of that is in our wood products business. And what I would say is, by the end of this year will be essentially there on back at the bottom, outside of maybe one or two mills. But I think certainly we're – by all intents and purposes, we're going to be there by the end of the year. In terms of what black at the bottom, looks like it certainly is not a great pricing environment. I wouldn't call this what I would see as the bottom. And so, we're certainly planning the black at the bottom initiative for pricing south of this.
Steven Chercover: And so with respect to your fleet, then it's effectively about as modern as you can get until there is a new generation of technology that you could invest in and deploy across the asset base?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I actually wouldn't say that at all. I mean it's a range we have certain mills in our systems Dierks and millport, which are clearly best-in-class technology. But we have plenty of other mills in our system that are a bit more aged and we're slowly building up that technology and that's part of our capital expenditure plan in our program we have roadmaps at each mill. So I wouldn't say that we're anywhere near having best-in-class technology across our entire wood product portfolio.
Steven Chercover: And then switching gears a bit, and keeping in mind the statement, the timber values remain strong. Would it be fair to say that in this environment, you have more sellers than buyers and would you have the financial flexibility to transact if an attractive asset came to market?
Russell Hagen: Yes, Steve, this is Russell. Yeah, we're obviously in the market we have timber operations in every major wood basket in the United States. So, we see everything that comes to the market. I would say that if there is an opportunity to acquire Timberlands that created shareholder value and fit within our portfolio. And we could demonstrate that we could capture the synergies from that that's clearly something that we would look at. I mean, our long-term view is to build the most valuable timber portfolio. So that would add to that overall strategy. As far as how we're looking this on the buyer sell side. As Devin mentioned, we're constantly looking at our portfolio to optimize it to make sure that we are the rightful owner of every asset in every market. And in doing so we may identify areas or properties that don't fit on the long-term basis, but again that's just an ongoing process that we work through every day.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn: I just had a couple of easy questions on the wood product side, one surprise to me was EWP and the outperformance there and it doesn't seem to be price related at all. I guess there is a little bit of tailwind on cost but real big volume pick up. And noting that business is really into new home construction just trying to understand, we didn't see a lot of big pickup in new home construction in the first half. So why was that segment so strong?
Devin Stockfish: Yes well, that's a great point I'd just say I'm incredibly proud of the work that our EWP team is doing. Really there are a couple of things there it's first and foremost, our manufacturing team is doing a great job managing costs, running our mills efficiently, and that's a great starting point. We've got terrific products in our EWP business and our sales and marketing team does an excellent job of servicing customers and that's a good recipe for success regardless of market conditions. And so, we were able to move profitable volume across our portfolio of products in the quarter and I think that's really what drove the results.
Paul Quinn: And then, just you did a good job at outlining sort of BC log cost, you know you’ve got a couple mills in Alberta what are you seeing there, log cost wise and any type of inflation you're seeing as well?
Devin Stockfish: Not really any sort of meaningful appreciation of log costs in Alberta those remaining reasonable. Again, it's all wood basket dependent in one respect and we have good fiber availability near the mills that we're running in Alberta. And so they don't have the same stumpage model in Alberta as they do in BC so didn't seem that that same uptick in July that you saw in the British Columbia region. So log costs are pretty much comparable.
Operator: And today's final question will come from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: You've spoken about very wet weather depressing homebuilder demand throughout the first half of the year. I guess when you look at July, are you seeing or can you quantify any kind of demand-pull or reacceleration of job site activity? And then just generally when you have this kind of prolonged poor weather do these projects just get pushed later into the season or is there some portion that's just sort of loss for the year?
Devin Stockfish: Yes with respect to July from what we're seeing with our customers. There seems to be steady demand and steady pull-through. And so we still anticipate the construction activity will continue to build momentum and we haven't seen anything that would lead us to a different conclusion in July. With respect to the projects that were delayed in the first half due to weather. I think there is a general optimism among our customers and the homebuilders that they're going to make some of that up now. Realistically, there is a limit on how much of that they're going to be able to make up this year, primarily because of labor availability. I think if people can get the folks to actually go out and do the building, they're going to make up a pretty fair amount, but I think has been much discussed that remains a challenge throughout the industry. So they will make up some, I doubt they will make up all but we would anticipate as I said, a pickup in activity to see when we get to the end of the year some moderate level of growth year-over-year.
Anthony Pettinari: And then just a quick question on Southern log obviously, there is still a 25% tariff in China and you discussed the weakness in radiata pine and some of the underlying weakness in China. With all that said, are you still shipping Southern Yellow Pine to China, if you can quantify that? And then just while you're at India obviously a smaller market, but one that had been growing pretty quickly, just wondering if there's anything you kind of add-on, on India as well?
Devin Stockfish: With respect to China Southern Yellow Pine at a 25% tariff that's a pretty steep headwind. And so we're still shipping to China at a relatively low level really the amount that we need just to keep the supply chain open. We've got a few really good customers in China for Southern Yellow Pine and they're using that still. And so we're still getting a bit of a takeaway on the Southern Yellow Pine but certainly at a much-reduced rate than we had been on a trajectory even a year ago. With respect to India, we have been shipping into that market sort of off and on over the last 18 months. One of the things that we saw when they put the tariffs on Southern Yellow Pine that caused some market disruptions. Some of the volume that was headed for China ended up in India. And so it was a little choppy, but I think that's normalized a bit and so I think that will be an interesting market for us, still very small, but an opportunity to grow over time.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Devin Stockfish: All right terrific. All right well, I think that was our final question, so thank you to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the Weyerhaeuser second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2019 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagan, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported a first quarter GAAP loss of $289 million or $0.39 per diluted share on net sales of $1.6 billion. This loss was driven by a previously announced $0.47 noncash special charge related to the transfer of pension assets and liabilities through the purchase of a group annuity contract. Excluding special items, we earned $80 million in the quarter or $0.11 per diluted share, an improvement of 14% compared with the fourth quarter. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $365 million, $19 million more than the fourth quarter. I'm proud of our first quarter results as each of our businesses delivered strong operating performance and increased EBITDA despite the slower-than-expected pace of U.S. housing starts in the first quarter. We also continued to demonstrate our commitment to disciplined capital allocation as we repurchased $60 million of our common shares, reduced our pension liabilities by $1.5 billion through the annuity purchase transaction and refinanced our 2019 debt maturity at a very favorable rate. In a moment, I'll dive into our business results. But first, let me set the stage with some brief comments on the housing market. U.S. housing activity has rebounded slowly from low fourth quarter levels as the spring selling and building seasons have been slow to gain momentum. First quarter housing starts averaged approximately 1.2 million on a seasonally adjusted basis. This is an improvement of 1% compared with the fourth quarter but lower than the first quarter of 2018. Several factors appear to have contributed to the softer first quarter activity. An unusual and lengthy stretch of severe rain, snow and cold across much of North America, particularly in February, deterred prospective buyers at the start of the spring selling season and curtailed construction activity in many regions. Higher inventories of new homes for sale entering 2019 delayed the demand for housing starts as builders sold through completed inventory. And buyers were slow to reenter the housing market following the fourth quarter's financial market volatility. Activity has picked up as the year has progressed. Builders report that buyer traffic and new home sales are improving monthly, and we are seeing signs of momentum as winter weather clears and we move deeper into spring. First quarter new home sales were 15% above fourth quarter levels, and March sales were the highest in nearly 18 months. Western housing starts increased 30% in March compared with February as rain and snow receded. And we are hearing of increased demand for cement and rebar in a number of areas, signs that foundations are being poured. Our customers also tell us that builders continue to adjust product offerings to increase the proportion of affordable product in response to market demand. Near- and long-term economic fundamentals remain supportive of increased building activity. Mortgage rates are approximately 75 basis points below their November peak, and mortgage purchase applications are near 10-year highs. Permit activity remains solid, averaging approximately 1.3 million through the first quarter, and overall economic fundamentals remain positive with increasing real wages, unemployment at 50-year lows and strong job growth in key housing markets. Repair and remodel spending, which comprises about 40% of lumber demand, also remains strong and is forecasted to rise 6% to 7% this year. These favorable signs are balanced however by continued constraints around labor and lot availability. The supply of construction labor remains tight. Although construction activity has some capacity to catch up for delayed first quarter starts, it will be challenging to recover all of that activity this year. As a result, we have tempered our 2019 housing start expectations to be slightly below 1.3 million starts. We continue to expect year-over-year growth in housing, with that growth primarily attributable to increased single-family activity. Turning now to our first quarter business results. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands, Charts 4 through 6. Timberlands contributed $120 million to first quarter earnings and $193 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA increased $5 million compared with the fourth quarter as results improved in each of our geographic regions. Western Timberlands EBITDA increased by $3 million compared with the fourth quarter. Lower average realizations were more than offset by lower costs, primarily for forestry and roads. We typically do less forestry activity and roadbuilding during the cold winter months. We also deferred some silviculture activity due to unusually severe winter weather. In the Western domestic market, log demand remained moderate through most of the first quarter due to continued low lumber prices. Log availability was adequate early in the quarter but decreased in February and March due to strong storms, which brought several feet of snow and heavy winds to many parts of the Pacific Northwest. Our teams did an excellent job of flexing harvest plans so that we could maintain production and capitalize on pricing, which improved throughout the quarter. I will note that the weather in Southern Oregon was particularly severe, and we lost several days of harvest activity and incurred some storm damage on our property in that area. We don't expect this to have a material impact on us, but we will see some modestly higher logging costs in the second half of this year as we bring the affected wood to market. Moving to the export markets. In China, sales volumes and realizations for our logs declined modestly compared with the fourth quarter in connection with the typical slowdown in construction activity during the Lunar New Year. Log inventories at Chinese ports increased significantly during the Lunar New Year period and remained elevated through the first quarter as demand was slow to pick up coming out of the holiday. Over the last several weeks, however, we have seen log takeaway increase and return to more normalized levels. In Japan, post-and-beam housing starts have increased 3% year-to-date through February and demand for our logs remains steady. Our export log sales volumes to Japan were comparable to the fourth quarter. This was a higher sales volume than we had initially expected and was attributable to the timing of vessels during the quarter. Average sales realizations for our Japanese export logs declined moderately. Overall, first quarter export revenues were lower than the year ago quarter due to lower realizations for our Japan and China logs. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands EBITDA increased by $1 million compared with the fourth quarter. Average realizations for our Southern logs increased approximately 3% as extremely wet weather limited log supply and drove improved realizations for sawlogs and pulpwood across most of the South. Fee harvest volume decreased 5% as higher log sales volumes were offset by seasonally lower stumpage sales. On the export side, Southern log export volumes decreased slightly and average realizations were roughly flat. Comparing overall Southern Timberlands results with the year ago quarter, EBITDA declined due to lower harvest volumes and slightly higher harvest and haul costs. In 2018, we harvested a greater proportion of our annual volume during the first quarter. Northern Timberlands EBITDA increased by $1 million compared with the fourth quarter. Fee harvest volume was comparable and average realizations improved modestly due to mix as we harvested a greater proportion of hardwood-grade logs. Compared with the year ago, EBITDA from Northern Timberlands increased by $1 million due to the timing of harvest volume. Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, Charts 7 and 8. Real Estate and ENR contributed $55 million to first quarter earnings and $106 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA was $16 million higher than the fourth quarter and $65 million higher than a year ago. As we indicated during our fourth quarter earnings call, although buyer traffic is typically slower during the winter months, strong real estate activity in the fourth quarter of 2018 allowed us to pursue additional transactions that closed in the first quarter. The number of acres sold in the first quarter increased over 20% compared with the fourth quarter and was up over 75% compared with the year ago. Average price per acre was comparable to the fourth quarter on a generally similar geographic mix. First quarter Real Estate sales included a slightly higher portion of Southern acres and fewer Western and Northern acres. Compared with the year ago quarter, average price per acre increased significantly due to a much smaller proportion of sales for Montana where Timberland prices are regionally lower. Wood Products, Charts 9 and 10. Wood Products contributed $69 million to first quarter earnings and $115 million to adjusted EBITDA. Compared with the fourth quarter, earnings and EBITDA increased significantly despite flat to lower pricing for our commodity products. EBITDA for lumber increased $41 million compared with the fourth quarter. This was almost entirely attributable to lower log and manufacturing costs. Lumber prices were flat through most of January and improved moderately in February in anticipation of the spring building season. With building activities slower to materialize, prices stabilized and then eroded slightly toward the end of the quarter. The framing lumber composite price averaged 2% higher for the first quarter compared with the fourth and our average realizations increased 1%. Lumber sales volumes increased 3% in the first quarter. Our log costs decreased substantially in the first quarter as Western and Canadian log costs declined and the benefit of lower fourth quarter log costs was also included in our financial results. Unit manufacturing costs also decreased significantly compared with the fourth quarter as our lumber system achieved the lowest first quarter controllable manufacturing cost per unit that we have ever reported. This comes despite several days of downtime at one of our Oregon lumber mills due to severe snow and wind. First quarter EBITDA includes $3 million of charges for countervailing and antidumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. Comparing our first quarter results with the year ago quarter, EBITDA decreased significantly due to lower average realizations, partially offset by lower log and manufacturing costs. OSB EBITDA decreased $12 million compared with the fourth quarter due to lower average realizations. OSB pricing entered the first quarter below the fourth quarter average and remained flat at that level. First quarter benchmark North-Central pricing averaged 13% below the fourth quarter, and our average realizations declined $29 per 1,000 square feet or 12%. Sales volumes increased 8% compared with the fourth quarter, and operating rates and manufacturing costs improved as our Grayling mill returned to full production following a press replacement that was completed in late October. Comparing our first quarter results to the year ago quarter, EBITDA was significantly lower due to a 29% decrease in average sales realizations. Engineered wood products EBITDA increased by $21 million compared with the fourth quarter. Average sales realizations for solid section products increased 4%, and average realizations for I-joists increased by 1%. Sales volumes for solid section and I-joists products decreased due to sluggish first quarter construction activity, particularly in the West as well as continued efforts by dealers and builders to maintain lower product inventories. Fiber costs declined due to lower cost for logs and oriented strand board web stock, and unit manufacturing costs improved due to higher operating rates. Compared with the year ago quarter, higher average realizations and lower cost for logs and oriented strand board were largely offset by lower sales volumes. Distribution EBITDA increased by $2 million compared with the fourth quarter due to improved product margins and was lower than a year ago due to lower sales volumes. I'd like to now turn to operational excellence. Our businesses are making good progress against our collective 2019 operational excellence target of $80 million to $100 million. During the first quarter, our biggest OpEx benefits in Timberlands came from initiatives related to logging and hauling efficiencies in our Southern operations as well as our continued marketing and bucking for value improvement efforts. In Wood Products, our greatest benefits came from our ongoing initiatives to reduce controllable manufacturing costs for lumber and OSB. Our Real Estate business is also on track to meet or exceed its targeted 30% premium to timber value. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Devin, and good morning. Key outlook items for the second quarter are presented on Chart 13 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $25 million to $30 million lower than the first quarter. About half of that is due to seasonality around our forestry and road spending, and the other half relates to the timing of our export shipments. At our Western Timberland operations, we expect second quarter harvest volumes will be comparable to the first quarter. Domestic log inventories are at normal levels, with supply and demand largely balanced as supply returned to the market following first quarter's severe storms. We anticipate our second quarter average domestic sales realizations will be modestly higher than the first quarter average. Forestry and road spending will also increase as we enter the spring and summer months. In Japan, housing starts are expected to remain healthy, driven by strength in the high-end post-and-beam construction market that we serve. We continue to see strong demand for our Japanese export logs and expect average log sales realizations in the second quarter to be similar to the first quarter. Average sales realizations for our Chinese export logs are expected to be lower than the first quarter. Although inventories at Chinese ports are relatively high, we expect them to trend downward over the next couple of months as construction activity and log takeaway have ramped up to more normal levels following the Lunar New Year holiday. We expect our Western export log sales volumes, both Japan and China, will be lower in the second quarter due to the timing of shipments at the end of the first quarter. In the South, we expect second quarter average sales realizations will be comparable to the first quarter. Fee harvest volumes should be slightly higher and we expect a greater portion of pulpwood as we shift to more thinning activities in the second quarter. Forestry spending in the South is expected to increase, which is typical coming into the spring. In the North, we anticipate second quarter fee harvest volumes will be significantly lower than the first quarter as we enter the spring breakup season. Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be lower than the first quarter but approximately 30% higher than the second quarter of 2018, driven by favorable Real Estate activity. We expect second quarter land bases as a percentage of Real Estate sales to be approximately 60%. Markets remain active and we continue to see strong interest in Real Estate from high-net-worth individuals, recreation and conservation buyers. As a result, the cadence of our Real Estate sales would be more heavily weighted to the first half of the year compared with the usual seasonal pattern. In our Energy and Natural Resources operations, we anticipate that second quarter royalties will be comparable to the first quarter. For the full year 2019, we now expect approximately $270 million of adjusted EBITDA for our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We anticipate that land bases as a percentage of Real Estate sales will be between 45% and 55% for the full year 2019. For Wood Products, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be higher than the first quarter due to seasonally higher sales volumes and improved operating rates across all product lines. This is before any benefit from improving prices. For lumber, second quarter to date average sales realizations are approximately $15 higher than the first quarter average, and current realizations are approximately $10 higher than the first quarter average. Many of our builder customers who were delayed by adverse weather conditions in the first quarter are eager to resume a normal construction schedule. In areas of the country where wet and wintry weather conditions have receded, we're seeing improved demand. As a reminder, every $10 change in lumber realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. In late March, we started up our newly expanded sawmill in Millport, Alabama. And when ramp-up phase is completed over the next 12 to 18 months, our capacity will increase by 250 million board feet. For oriented strand board, second quarter to date realizations are comparable to the first quarter average, and current realizations are approximately $10 below the first quarter average. As a reminder, every $10 change in OSB realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. Chart 11 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment decreased by $51 million compared with the fourth quarter 2018. In the first quarter, we had noncash charges from elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO, foreign exchange and share-based compensation. Fourth quarter included income from these items. First quarter pretax special items include a $455 million noncash pension settlement charge and a $20 million legal charge. Excluding the pension settlement charge, our first quarter noncash nonoperating pension benefit cost was lower than the fourth quarter. We continue to expect to record approximately $60 million of expense for the full year 2019. Now I'd like to update you on our key financial items, which are summarized on Chart 12. We ended the first quarter with a cash balance of $259 million. Cash used in operations during the first quarter was $14 million. The first quarter is usually our lowest operating cash flow due to inventory and other working capital build as well as higher quarterly interest payments. Capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled $59 million. We continue to expect total CapEx for 2019 will be approximately $400 million, $120 million for Timberlands inclusive of reforestation costs and $270 million for Wood Products and $10 million for planned corporate IT system investments. As discussed on our last conference call, during the first quarter, we received $250 million of cash proceeds from the maturity of a note held by a variable interest entity that was established as part of a timber installment sale in early 2000s. Turning to financing activities. We repurchased 2.3 million shares of common stock in the first quarter for a total of $60 million. At the end of the first quarter, we had $440 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Moving on to debt, we ended the quarter with approximately $6.4 billion of total debt outstanding. And during the quarter, we issued $750 million of 4% notes due in 2029. Subsequently redeemed, the $500 million 7 3/8% notes that were due in October 2019 and incurred a $12 million pretax charge due to the early redemption. This charge for early extinguishment of debt is included in our results as a special item. Excluding that special item, first quarter interest expense was $95 million. We now expect full year 2019 interest expense will be between $370 million and $380 million, excluding special items. Moving on to taxes. For the second quarter and full year 2019, we now expect the effective tax rate will be between 7% and 10%, excluding special items. We expect minimum cash taxes in 2019 due to a $90 million federal income tax refund associated with the $300 million pension contribution that we made in the third quarter of 2018. We expect to receive that refund later this year. Now I'll turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you, Russell. Looking forward, we anticipate modest year-over-year U.S. housing growth and expect that building activity will accelerate as we move into spring and summer with improved weather and continued macroeconomic stability. We remain focused on delivering operational excellence and industry-leading performance to fully capitalize on a wide range of market conditions and drive superior value for our shareholders. And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Mark Wilde with the Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde: Really nice quarter, much better than we expected. I wondered, Russ, if you could just help us peel the onion a little bit on the quarter-to-quarter gains and in performance in both lumber and EWP. I know you mentioned kind of log costs, but those costs must have been down even more than we would have anticipated. And you also mentioned in EWP, part of it is always big. But if you could just put a little more color on that, that would be helpful.
Russell Hagen: Sure. So for lumber, as you mentioned, we did have lower log costs coming out of the fourth quarter so that was very much beneficial coming in the first quarter. And we also had improved operating performance coming into the first quarter. And similarly to EWP, we had a lower cost structure, they ran very well coming into the first quarter, and that really contributed to their overall improved performance.
Mark Wilde: And then I wondered, Devin, can you give us any perspective on what you guys see in terms of inventory sitting in the distribution channels right now?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure, Mark. Well, so it's -- I'd say for lumber and OSB, the inventories through the channel are probably a little on the full side. And so I think as we saw the building activity be -- start off the year a little slower than we had expected, you did see inventory levels build up a little bit. Our view is that as we see the construction activity really start picking up, that's going to flush through probably a little bit quicker on the lumber side than the OSB side just because we did see a little bit more supply coming online at the end of 2018 and 2019. On the EWP side, I'd say probably inventory levels are at reasonable levels. And some of the customers may be even keeping a little bit lower inventories than normal. But I'd say on balance in EWP, it's probably about normal for this time of the year.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Last thing for me. Just any sense from your perspective on sort of where mills in both the Northwest and up in Canada are sitting relative to cash costs right now, because it looks to me like pretty much everybody must be under water.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So Mark, I can't really comment on what our competitor is doing other than just to note, obviously, we've seen the announcements, as you have, on some of the curtailments and closures in those regions. For us, the way we've been really approaching our business in general is that we're really focused on OpEx and getting our cost structure in place so that we can be cash flow positive or breakeven even under these types of pricing environments. And so that's generally where we sit at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I guess my first question, Devin, if you could comment -- what's your current estimate of operating rates this year, if you could provide one, for -- across your Wood Products businesses? And also, do you think that, switching gears to the OSB market, it can be in balance this year with your current estimate of housing? And if not, what do you think needs to happen there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, sure. So on your first question, in lumber, we're -- our operating rates for Q1 were in the low 90s. In OSB, they're in the mid-90s and EOP, they were in the kind of low 80s for operating rates. With respect to OSB, my sense is that it's going to take a little time for us to have the demand catch up with the supply with the new mills coming online and really getting up full. There's probably going to be a little bit more inventory in the system this year until we catch up from a demand perspective. Now that being said, I do think if we see the continued housing construction activity build into the spring and summer season and demand gets back up to where we think it ultimately will be, that should come back into balance over the course of the year and into 2020.
George Staphos: Okay. And coming back to EWP again, Mark hit on this as well. I mean we were very impressed with your performance there. I took from your comments, there was nothing one-off in nature. Obviously, had a little bit better pricing realization too. But is there anything in the first quarter performance in EWP that's not repeatable in the second quarter over the course of the year?
Devin Stockfish: I think the answer to that is really no. Obviously, we got some benefit across all of Wood Products, including EWP, from lower log and fiber costs. And so we would expect that to continue really into Q2 on some extent. And then the other piece is just improved unit manufacturing costs, and we are hyper-focused on that with our OpEx initiatives. And so not only do we think that, that will carry over, we would expect that to even improve over the course of the year as we continue to focus on operating costs across the system.
George Staphos: Okay. My last question and I'll turn it over. Kind of one is more of a confirmation point. I took from your guidance on Timberlands again that you're not seeing anything other than normal seasonal increases in harvest costs and that's part of what is driving the sequential decline 2Q versus 1Q, but I want a confirmation on that. And then there was a legal charge of $20 million in the quarter, if I saw that correctly. Could you remind us what that was around?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Maybe I'll take the first one and then Russell can take the second one. Just in terms of the quarter-over-quarter, really, on the Timberlands segment basis, it's really a couple of things. It's about half of that relates to the ordinary cost increases that you see in Q2. So we build more roads, we have higher forestry expenses, we did defer a little bit of silviculture in Q1 that's going to get pushed to Q2. So that's about half of it. The other half is really just around timing of vessel shipments. And so we had a couple of ships that ordinarily, we are -- going into the quarter, we thought would ship out in Q2. They moved up a little bit into Q1. So that's the other piece. And then the last piece, which is a smaller piece of the puzzle is just, as you know, in the northern business, we go through spring breakup and so you see the volumes come down. And so that's really the driver of Q2 versus Q1.
Russell Hagen: And George, on the $15 million after-tax legal charge, that's just for potential settlement of various legal matters.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Devin, on the homebuilding front, you talked about builders adjusting their offerings to bring some more affordable product to market. And I'm just wondering, should we interpret that as a move from larger formats to smaller formats or single family to multifamily? And I guess as you kind of lower your estimates for full year starts a little bit, is there also potentially kind of a change in mix that could impact kind of aggregate demand for wood products?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And so really, when we're talking about the more affordable price points, that's really in the single-family space, so it's not a comment on mix from single to multis. I think it's really -- it's a host -- a whole host of things, Anthony. It's maybe smaller footprints in some geographies, it's different amenity packages, all the things that they can do to really meet that lower price point where a lot of the demand is. And so we are seeing some of that. You saw some of that, I think, on our earnings calls for various homebuilders. And certainly, that's what we're hearing out in the market. In terms of overall wood demand, my view is it's much better for us to the extent that the builders can make more houses, even if they're a little bit smaller. On aggregate, that's better for wood demand.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then earlier this month, WTO issued a ruling on U.S.-Canada lumber dispute that was maybe a little mixed for U.S. producers. I was wondering if you could just give your take on it. And then just today the trade issue, we're kind of hearing rumblings of maybe potentially a resolution to the U.S.-China trade dispute. Is that something that your customers are anticipating or potentially buying -- impacting buying behavior or any kind of thoughts on U.S.-China trade as well?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Sure. With respect to the WTO decision, I think from a U.S. perspective, it was moderately positive. But again, just kind of stepping back, our view now is really that this is something that's going to play through the various channels of appeals through WTO and NAFTA over a course of several years. I think we're still early in that process. But at some point, I assume that we will come to some sort of agreement, which we believe should be quota-based. But I think we're still a ways off from that. In terms of the China agreement, obviously, there's a delegation going over to China early in May. We're optimistic that they're going to make continued progress there. I think on balance, the feeling with our customers is probably more optimistic and positive than it was a few months ago. But it's really hard to tell exactly how those talks are coming along. We're optimistic that it will get resolved at some point. And I think importantly, we're really well positioned if and when those tariffs do come off to reaccelerate the growth out of our Southern business. And I think in the West, it's really not had a big impact on us out of our Western export business, which is the 5% tariff. But that being said, we certainly would like to see that go away so we can get back to a completely normalized environment.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Thanks for all the comments on the 2Q outlook. I know you guys don't give guidance, but just putting it all together, does it sort of seem like in the ballpark of sort of being in line with the 1Q number, sort of flat quarter-over-quarter, assuming current Wood Product prices?
Russell Hagen: I mean you're right. We don't give specific guidance, but I think if you kind of add it up, absent change in pricing, we give you some relative parameters around what the pricing impact would be looking quarter-over-quarter. You can probably piece it all together and then factor in the pricing.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And I would just add to that. From a Q2 perspective -- and you're talking about Wood Products specifically, Brian?
Brian Maguire: No. I was hoping the company as a whole.
Devin Stockfish: Well, so just a couple of additional comments there. On a Q2 versus Q1 basis, we do think that Wood Products is going to be higher EBITDA. And that's -- even putting pricing aside, it's largely a reflection on continued improved operating rates and continued focus on costs. And so that in and of itself, we think, is going to be the driver. Pricing will just be an upside to that. And then again, the other piece just on Timberlands, as we said, that's going to be down versus Q1, but that's primarily just a reflection on timing and some seasonal cost.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Got it. And then it was good to see the Southern log price realizations tick up a little bit in the quarter, and I guess the outlook for 2Q implies that we stay at similar levels. Just wondering if you could parse out how much of that is maybe due to weather impacts or mix versus the long-awaited sort of tightness in that market that we've been predicting for many years?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And so we absolutely saw a healthy increase in pricing. And I'll tell you, I think the majority of that is due to weather. We had a really, really wet Q1 and that kept inventory levels low. It kept supply levels moderated, and so that was really reflected in the pricing that you saw. That being said, I do think we are starting to see some of those pockets that we've been talking about for years really start the tension where we have the new capacity coming online and running full. And certainly, we've seen that in areas of Central Mississippi, some areas in Arkansas, a few geographies in Alabama and most recently in Northern Louisiana. And so as we said, when that new mill capacity comes online and gets up and running full in that geography, that micro region, we are seeing some pricing tension. So on balance, I think the price increase was largely driven by weather, but we are starting to see the early signs of some tensioning in some of those micro markets.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Last one for me. Just thoughts on cash flow this year? I know you give some components like CapEx there, and I think that some of that is maybe discretionary over the long term. But how do you think about this year's free cash flow, ability to fund the dividend, continued share repurchases? Because it does seem like obviously, we're at sort of challenged levels of profitability and for sure, the Wood Products business, if not, Timberlands a little bit. How -- and it does seem like you've got a couple of onetimers in the cash flow this year that may not recur in future years. But how should we kind of be thinking about the dividend and the ability to fund that at these levels?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So let me just start off with a few comments on cash flow and then I'll move to the dividend. As you think about our FAD for 2019, a few things to keep in mind. So first, as Russell alluded to earlier, Q1 is typically our lowest quarter from an operating cash flow perspective, largely because of inventory build, et cetera. That generally will work itself out over the course of the year as it typically does. And so I don't think you should look at Q1 cash flow really and annualize that. That wouldn't be a typical way to do it. The second point that I would make is we are expecting minimal cash taxes this year because of, as Russell mentioned, just the pension transactions that will substantially reduce the cash taxes this year. But the other thing I would say is we're still optimistic that you're going to see some upward pricing pressure on commodity prices. As you see that construction activity really start to take hold, as we get into the spring, I think we're seeing early signs of that now. We do think you're going to see some upward pricing pressure as well. So we're still optimistic at this point in the year that we're going to have a healthy cash flow for the full year. Now that all being said, with respect to the dividend, as we said repeatedly, one of our core priorities around capital allocation is the sustainable dividend that grows over time. And so when we set the dividend at 85% of FAD, we really look at that over a cycle. And so we understand in commodity businesses, in cyclical businesses, sometimes, you're going to be a little bit above that, sometimes you're going to be a little below. And in those instances where we're over 100%, we don't look at that as a cause for panic. We've got levers that we can pull. There are some opportunities around CapEx. As we said, our sustaining maintenance CapEx in Wood Products is around $150 million to $200 million, and so there's some flexibility around that. There's still some things we can do around cost. As you know, we're very focused on OpEx and continuing to take costs out of the system. And then ultimately, we have a lot of liquidity. We have a strong balance sheet and so that gives us some flexibility. And so just with respect to the dividend and cash flow for the year, I think we are going to see some upward pressure on pricing, which will give us a little bit more flexibility there. But we have plenty of tools and levers that we can pull ultimately to make sure that we're continuing to meet our core capital allocation priorities.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.
Mark Weintraub: First, just following up on the comment about Wood Products maintenance capital can be kind of in the $150 million, $200 million range. How much of the $400 million that you're guiding for this year is in the Wood Products business?
Devin Stockfish: $270 million.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And then a second thing that sort of caught my attention was you has mentioned that you had run in the low 90s in Lumber and the mid-90s and OSB during the first quarter, which are pretty good operating rates. And then in the guidance, it says you're expecting to have higher operating rates across all product lines. And I guess in particular, what's striking is you're already in the mid-90s in OSB. And if prices are now $10 lower than they were on average during the first quarter, you're presumably not making much money in OSB at all, and yet you're running potentially higher than in the mid-90s in that business. And so kind of just what's the kind of the philosophy of running in OSB and Lumber relative to market environments?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark. So I would just comment, with respect to OSB, we did say that we're expecting to be higher in Q2. That's really a pretty small percentage relative to Q1. We were operating well in OSB, in the mid-90s already in OSB, so not a lot of uptick. The bigger uptick really is around EWP and a little bit Lumber as well. And I guess just with respect to your question around philosophy, a big part of how we look at our strategy is making sure that we have a really low cost structure so that we can continue to make money and drive cash flow regardless of pricing. And so it may make sense for us to run where it may not make sense for others to run. But again, it's a big part of our OpEx program being black at the bottom and are focused on having the right cost structure.
Mark Weintraub: And so I guess as a part of that, when you say it makes sense for you to run whereas -- what would be the thought process behind making sense for you whereas for others, it might not? Is that because of your lower cost position or your smaller market position?
Devin Stockfish: Having a lower cost structure so that we can continue to run profitably even at lower product pricing.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then one last one, if I could. On EWP, great performance in the first quarter, considering the environment. What -- are there any price initiatives out there in the market? And I guess it was notable that prices were up in an environment where pricing for most of the other commodities were low. Or any more color on how that tends to play out would be much appreciated.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. And what I would say on the pricing is a big piece of that was -- well, that was primarily mix. Just in context of pricing generally, there is a little bit of pricing headwind out in the market right now. But as we look forward, we're anticipating holding onto the price increases that we put into place and captured last year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James.
Collin Mings: First one just on OSB pricing. Can you maybe just expand on your comments in response to George's question? Do you think we are finding a bottom now in terms of OSB pricing? Or just given some of the recent deterioration, could there be some further downside from your vantage point?
Devin Stockfish: I'd be hard-pressed to really try to call a bottom. What I would say is that as we see the construction activity pick up, we would anticipate that would start to drive some of the inventories down. And as we get further into the year, as long as you see that construction activity hold up, align -- along the lines of what we think is going to happen, we do think ultimately, you'll start seeing some upward pricing pressure on OSB. That's just a little bit tougher to call because that supply comes on and off in a more lumpy fashion maybe than Lumber does. And so we think directionally, ultimately, it's going to go up, but the timing is always a challenge.
Collin Mings: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Appreciate the color there. And then just picking back up on the outlook for cash flow. Just recognizing -- you did already push your Real Estate EBITDA guidance marginally higher this quarter. Just how are you thinking about potentially ratcheting up land sales further in the current environment? And again, in the prepared remarks, pretty upbeat about kind of the demand you're seeing out there. Does it in particular make sense to maybe generate some additional cash for share repurchases just given where the stock trades relative to NAV?
Russell Hagen: So Collin, this is Russell. Again, as far as our Real Estate outlook, we increased it from $260 million to $270 million for the Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We did come out of a strong first quarter, which is going to benefit again the second quarter. But we think the $270 million number is the right number to really capture the premium to timber value which is the key focus for that business. So I wouldn't anticipate we would increase that above our guidance to affect any other capital allocation priorities.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens Inc.
Mark Connelly: How are you thinking about freight if -- and I know it's not easy to separate from weather right now. But do you think freight costs for your system are going to moderate later this year?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. What I would say is we've seen freight costs generally moderate in Q1 relative to last year. And part of that obviously is fuel prices. But I don't think, at this point, we're really anticipating a meaningful increase in freight nor are we expecting a meaningful decrease. And so it would more or less on par with kind of how we've been tracking in Q1 is how we're currently seeing it.
Mark Connelly: Okay, that's helpful. And if we could just go back to Japan for a second. If I look at Japan revenues over time, they have been slipping for a few years. But do you think we're reaching a bottom there or is there a structural reason why that may continue to slip? And certainly, as a percentage of your total, it slipped but that's really high-value stuff. So I'm just curious, do you think we're bottoming out?
Devin Stockfish: What I would say about Japan is from a demand perspective, we have seen that remain pretty consistent over time, and the demand for our high-quality Japan logs remains solid now. I think what you're alluding to really is maybe a little bit more about realizations. And so as we think about Japan log pricing, there are really a couple of things to look at. So there is the correlation to the domestic market here in the West. And so you'll typically see that trade in a correlated fashion to what domestic pricing looks like in the Pacific Northwest. And then the other piece is just related to the dynamic in the Japan market. And so there is a competing product coming over from Europe that the Doug fir product has to compete against. And so those things all play together to come up ultimately with what Japan pricing looks like, and there's a foreign exchange piece to that as well. But again, just going back to the original comment, the demand has remained solid and we would anticipate that to continue.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Clyde Dillon: First question, just to make sure I heard you say -- heard you right. Did you say the industry OSB operating rate was mid-80s? Did I hear you say that or did I misunderstand you?
Devin Stockfish: No. No. We just commented on our operating rate, which was in the mid-90s.
Clyde Dillon: Mid-90s. So low 80s was lumped -- was EWP, is that right?
Devin Stockfish: That was EWP, correct.
Clyde Dillon: And you didn't give us like a guide on the Real Estate segment. Did you -- specifically like you mentioned in timber harvest, it would be down $25 million to $30 million from the first quarter. Did you give a similar guide for the Real Estate segment?
Russell Hagen: No, we gave a guide for the total Real Estate and ENR segment at $270 million for the year.
Clyde Dillon: Okay. For the full year. Okay. That's helpful. And let me ask you this. One area of obviously of weakness in the Timberland segment has been in the export log area just in general, and I think the delta there is largely China. Any signs that their absence or relatively low levels of activity have started to turn around yet? Or is it just too early to know?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Here would be how I would phrase that. The Chinese demand that we've seen over the last 12 months really hasn't gone down that much. And I'm talking about specifically from the West Coast. Obviously, the South with the tariffs, the southern yellow pine demand has changed a little bit. But from the West Coast, we haven't seen the demand really fall off. Now maybe what you're referring to is during the Lunar New Year period, we do see a reduction in construction activity. And so you'll see a little bit weaker demand during that period and you'll see the inventory levels at the Chinese ports tick up a bit, and that certainly happened. But in terms of the China demand, we haven't seen a meaningful dropoff. And in fact, I do believe that construction activity in China recently has started to pick back up. That's what we're hearing from our folks on the ground. And so we would expect, as we get deeper into the spring and summer in China, you're going to see the continued activity and mostly continued good demand for our China logs.
Clyde Dillon: Got you. And then the Southern log prices seem to be -- hold up pretty well, even though we're under the impression that, from the hurricane activity, it might have created a lot of salvage competition. Has that kind of worked its course? Or did it work itself out earlier than, I guess, the first quarter?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think one of the things that may be mitigated to some of that during Q1 was just because it was so rainy across the system. Anybody that could move wood have the opportunity. And so I just -- I think the overall weather dynamics probably mitigated some of that impact. But even now across the system in the South, I would say inventory levels are moderate to low. And so from a pricing perspective, we would expect pricing to be comparable to Q1 as we think about Q2. With respect to the salvage, we don't have a whole out of ownership in that area so really didn't impact us meaningfully anyhow nor do we expect it to. But I think the fact that just because the mill inventories are low, that probably mitigated some of the downward pricing pressure in those areas.
Clyde Dillon: Got you. And then last question just in terms of the operating philosophy. Certainly, in a fragmented market like lumber, it makes all the sense in the world what you guys do. But when you look at the last numbers I saw in OSB, you have basically a market construct that's similar, for lack of a better comparison, to the U.S. containerboard market where, without telling us anything, we can tell those producers are deciding not to hand inventory to their customers with which to resist future price rises until they work those inventories down. I mean could you argue that maybe in OSB, given the consolidated structure, that maybe it makes more sense to maybe operate similarly as opposed to shipping a lot at these very low prices, which again if I were a builder, that's great. That just means that when -- it's just going to take longer for markets to tighten up and longer for you guys to make money. I didn't know if you had any thoughts about that.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I really can't comment on what other folks in the industry are doing in terms of production. The way we look at it really is just we produce what we can sell at a profit. And so really, our focus is just on running our mills at a level that we think we can remain profitable and move our inventory. And so the other producers obviously will make their decisions, I think, similarly, but we really can't. We don't have visibility into that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson.
Steven Chercover: So my first question was kind of a different spin on the whole freight issue. In 2017 and '18, I think some of the difficulties on the railroads contributed to the strength of lumber, at least the sense of scarcity. And I'm wondering this year, with lumber being weak, is that partly a function of improved efficiency on the rail network?
Devin Stockfish: No. I don't think so. I mean I think without question, in 2018, that was the case. The challenges with rail particularly out of Canada created a little bit of an imbalance, particularly in the first half of the year. And when that unwound, that was part of the driver for while you saw lumber prices slide so dramatically. There were some challenges this year from a rail perspective. And so it's not as though everything went perfectly smoothly this year. But I do think the pricing environment kept people from building inventories to the same levels that perhaps they did last year. And so I don't think you're going to see the rail and transportation issues have near the effect this year that they did last year.
Steven Chercover: Okay. And then two other short ones. Were there any start-up costs associated with the ramp of your new sawmill in the South?
Russell Hagen: No, we don't have any specific start-up costs. I mean, we're clearly going to build that ramp-up over the next 18 months but, no specific charges related to that.
Steven Chercover: Okay. So I guess it'll -- the cost structure will come down. And the third one...
Russell Hagen: That's correct.
Steven Chercover: And the third one is with respect to just the commentary on running the mills for profitability. Is there any view that maybe the proper metric should be earning the cost of capital as opposed to generating a cash contribution or a modest profit?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Of course, over time, I mean, we're in business to earn in excess of our cost of capital. Now we don't look at that necessarily on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We look at that over a longer period. But without question, that's certainly our intent is to make sure that we're operating to earn returns in excess of our cost to capital, no question about that.
Operator: And today's final question will come from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Very strong results and I think your offering rates in Wood Products are going to be the envy of the industry. But I thought I'd try to get some color on just the major CapEx projects that you're doing in 2019, that $400 million spend. Where are you spending it in Wood Products and Timber?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So remember, $120 million of that is on the Timberlands side and that's primarily reforestation. And so just in terms of the Wood Products side, that's about $270 million. And I'd say you still have some of that, that's coming on finishing up the Millport. And then beyond that, it's really just -- it's a mix of various projects across the system. So it could be CDKs, could be optimization in mills going after bottlenecks. So there's nothing that I could specifically point you to that's of the magnitude of Millport or a Dierks or Grayling. It's really a lot of projects across the system really going after improving our reliability and lowering our cost of manufacturing.
Paul Quinn: Okay. So no major projects in '19. Do you have any major projects in '20?
Devin Stockfish: We're still working through that frankly, so I don't know that we're necessarily ready to comment on specifics. But as we get into the back half of the year, early part of next year, we'll provide more guidance on that.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then just lastly, you mentioned a potential agreement with -- between the U.S. and China. Just wondering how material that would be to Weyerhaeuser?
Devin Stockfish: I think it's directionally positive for us. But what I would say is if you think about our China business generally in the West, which is the much bigger piece from an earnings perspective, we haven't really seen a material impact other than some initial noise once the tariffs were put in place back last summer. So I think it would have a moderately positive impact to the West, maybe a few million. I think the bigger opportunity over time, although it's not a big earnings impact now, is the opportunity to grow the Southern export business. And so that business is not a meaningful percentage of our harvest in the South right now, but we had some good momentum going last year on building that program before the tariffs came into place. We've continued to have conversations with our customers in China, and we think there's a good opportunity for us there. But that's something that would grow over time, not meaningful probably in the very near term. It's more of a midterm opportunity from a magnitude perspective. All right. Terrific. Well, I think that was our last question. So thank you to everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser Company. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Baum: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2018 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our Web site. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our Web site. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thanks, Beth. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As most of you know, this is my first earnings call as Weyerhaeuser CEO. I'm surely honored to be taking on the leadership of this great company. I'm going to open this morning with a discussion of our financial results, then Russell will talk about outlook, and I will wrap up with a few comments on the vision and strategy going forward, and my focus area is for 2019. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported full-year net earnings of $748 million or $0.99 per diluted share on net sales of $7.5 billion. Excluding special items, we earned $891 million or a $1.18 per share, an improvement of 2% compared with 2017. Adjusted EBITDA was similar to last year at slightly over $2 billion. For fourth quarter, we reported a GAAP loss of $93 million, or $0.12 per diluted share. This loss was driven by a previously-announced non-cash charge following completion of a lump sum offer that reduced our U.S. pension liabilities by over $660 million. Excluding special items, we earned $70 million or $0.10 per diluted share for the quarter. I'm proud of the fourth quarter and full-year performance as our teams delivered strong results through a full range of market conditions, capitalizing on the upside and effectively managing the downside. In 2018, we generated over $2 billion of EBITDA, including $1 billion of Wood Products EBITDA for the second year in a row. We grew EBITDA from our real estate, energy, and natural resources business by nearly 10%. We captured over $40 million of OpEx improvements in our Timberlands business. We delivered a 65% premium to timber value from real estate sales, significantly exceeding our 30% target. We return nearly $1.4 billion at cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and we initiated a series of actions that reduced our pension liabilities by over $2 billion. This includes the annuity purchase transaction that we announced earlier this week. In a moment I will dive into our business results, but first, let me set the stage with some brief comments on the housing market. Much has been written about the slowdown or pause in U.S. housing during the second-half of 2018, and what it make signal for the year ahead. As interest rates and home prices continue to increase in the back-half of the year, it became apparent that many potential buyers were staying on the sidelines due to concerns about affordability. This dynamic persisted through the fourth quarter, exacerbated by increased volatility in financial markets, the threat of a government shutdown, and extremely wet weather that limited construction activity in parts of the U.S. south. However, notwithstanding a slower back-half of the year, we again experienced year-over-year growth in the U.S. housing market in 2018. Through November, single-family and total starts were up 4% to 5% compared with 2017. Expenditures for repair and remodeling, which comprises about 40% of lumber demand are up over 7%. Looking forward to 2019, fundamental economic data remains very supportive for U.S. housing. Real wages are increasing, employment continues to rise with unemployment at the lowest level since 1969, and job growth in key housing markets continues to be strong. These trends plus favorable demographics are driving the highest levels of household formation in 15 years. For 2018, household formations are expected to total approximately 1.5 million. On balance, housing remains affordable by historical standards. Mortgage rates have decreased approximately 50 basis points since early November, and builders are actively adjusting amenities and floor plans to target a more affordable price point. Additionally, are current inventory of homes for sales is low. All of this, points to continued growth in U.S. housing. For 2019, we anticipate total starts of approximately 1.3 million, with the improvement driven primarily by increased single-family activity. Turning now to our fourth quarter business results, I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands, charts five through seven. Timberlands contributed $107 million in the fourth quarter earnings and $188 to adjusted EBITDA. This is lower than the previous quarter and the fourth quarter of 2017, primarily due to lower realization for Western logs. Western Timberlands EBITDA declined $27 million compared with the third quarter, as seasonal increase in our fee harvest volumes was more than offset by a 10% decrease in average logs sales realizations. Road cost increased slightly as we took advantage of favorable weather to complete road building activities deferred earlier in 2018. In the Western domestic market, average realizations declined as lumber mills entered the fourth quarter with high log inventories and a number of mills took extended holiday downtime or temporarily curtailed operations in response to low lumber prices. As the quarter progressed, log supplies across the system declined seasonally, and supply has come back into balance with demand. In our export markets, Chinese construction and infrastructure activity remains strong. Log inventories at Chinese ports declined by over 20% during the quarter, and ended the year below normal at 209 million cubic meters. Our export log volumes increased as customer demand normalized after China implemented a 5% tariff on our Hemlock and Douglas fir export logs in the third quarter. Average realizations declined slightly. In Japan, post-and-beam housing starts ended 2018 essentially flat with the year ago, and demand for our customer's products and our logs remains solid. Our export log sales volumes to Japan increased compared with the third quarter due to timing of shipments, and average log sales realizations declined moderately. Overall, our fourth quarter export revenue was comparable to last year, with slightly higher sales volumes in both Japan and China, offset by slightly lower average realizations. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands EBITDA increased $9 million compared with the third quarter. Fourth quarter weather was very wet across our southern ownership. This limited log supplies resulting in lean mill inventories and slightly improved log pricing. Our average southern log realizations decreased slightly compared with the third quarter due to mix as we harvested a smaller average fee size during the quarter. Fee harvest volume increased due to additional stumpage sales. Although stumpage is a small portion of our sales volume, we look to capitalize on opportunities when we can capture a premium over delivered log margins. Forestry expense was also slightly lower as we deferred some activity due to wet weather. On the export side, southern log export volumes decreased due to a full quarter of China export tariffs. Average realizations for southern export logs were roughly flat. Demand has been stable since the tariffs were imposed in late August and our southern pine logs continue to be assessed at a 25% rate. On a full-year basis, our southern export log volumes increased nearly 50% compared with 2017, despite a partial year of tariffs. Although the tariff significantly reduced the amount of volume coming out of our southern export business, we look forward to growth there as trade tension ease eventually. Comparing overall Southern Timberlands results with the year-ago quarter, EBITDA declined due to lower harvest volumes and slightly higher harvest in whole cost. In 2018, we harvested a smaller portion of our volume during the fourth quarter. Northern Timberlands EBITDA was $2 million more than the third quarter and $3 million less than the same period a year ago. Fee harvest volumes increased seasonally in most areas. Average realizations decreased modestly due to mix as we harvested a smaller proportion of hardwood grade logs in West Virginia due to extremely wet weather. Real estate, Energy, and Natural Resources, charts eight and nine. Real estate and ENR contributed $44 million to the fourth quarter earnings and $90 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA was $4 million higher than the third quarter and $3 million higher than a year ago. For the full-year, the segment generated $264 million of EBITDA, up $23 million from 2017. The number of acres sold in the fourth quarter decreased significantly compared to the third quarter that was comparable to a year ago. Average price breaker was much higher than the third quarter, and also higher than a year ago, due to the geographic mix of property sold. Approximately 85% of the acres sold in the fourth quarter were located in the West and the South, whereas in the third quarter, over half of the acres sold were in Montana, where timberland prices are regionally lower. Average land basis as a percentage of real estate sales was lower than third quarter, but higher than fourth quarter 2017. As a result, the segment's fourth quarter contribution to earnings was $8 million more than the third quarter, but $6 million lower than a year ago. Wood Products, charts 10 and 11; Wood Products contributed $26 million in the fourth quarter earnings and $66 million to adjusted EBITDA. Earnings and EBITDA were significantly lower than third quarter in the same period last year due to lower realization for lumber and OSB. EBITDA for lumber decreases $112 million compared with third quarter. This was almost entirely attributable to lower average realizations. Lumber prices declined through the month of October, stabilized in November, and remained largely flat through year-end, as the pause in housing activity and early winter weather in the East reinforced the normal seasonal reduction in lumber demand. The framing lumber composite averaged 26% lower in the fourth quarter compared with the third, and our average realizations decreased $103 per 1000 board fee or 21%. Our lumber sales volumes decreased 7% compared with the third quarter as we took some downtime for completion of capital projects and operated at a reduced shift posture at certain mills around the holidays. Although our cash cost for Western and Canadian logs declined during the fourth quarter, there was a minimal benefit from these lower log costs in fourth quarter financial results due to cost accounting. Much of the lumber we sold in the fourth quarter was manufactured using logs purchased in the third quarter and early fourth quarter when log prices were higher. As a result, our cost of sales mostly reflects these higher log costs. We expect to realize most of the benefits from lower fourth quarter log costs in our first quarter results. Fourth quarter EBITDA includes $4 million of charges for countervailing and antidumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. Comparing our fourth quarter results with the year-ago quarter, average sales realizations for lumber was significantly lower. Log costs were higher, and manufacturing costs increased slightly. OSB EBITDA decreased $46 million compared with the third quarter due to lower average realizations. Fourth quarter OSB pricing generally mirrored that of lumber, and our average realization declined $69 per 1,000 square feet or 21%. Fourth quarter sales volumes were comparable to our lower-than-normal third quarter as our third quarter sales volumes were limited by a scheduled outage to replace the press at our Grayling Michigan mill. The outage extended for mid-July through late-October, and the mill returned to full production by year-end. Comparing our fourth quarter results to the year-ago quarter, average sales realizations for OSB decreased 25% and sales volumes decreased 5%. Fiber costs were slightly higher, and manufacturing costs increased slightly due to additional outage days. Engineered wood product's EBITDA decreased $22 million compared with the third quarter. Sales volumes for both solid section and I joist decreased seasonally as construction activity softened and dealers and builders start to minimize year-end inventories. Unit manufacturing costs increased due to lower operating rates. Average sales realizations for I joist increased by 2%, as we captured the final portion of our 2018 price increase. Average realizations for solid section products decreased by 3% due to mix, as we sold a greater proportion of industrial products. Compared with the year-ago quarter, higher average realizations were more than offset by lower sales volumes and slightly higher manufacturing costs. Distribution EBITDA decreased $1 million compared with the third quarter. Sales volumes declined seasonally. This was mostly offset by slightly lower warehouse and delivery costs and a small insurance reimbursement related to the previous wild wire damage at our Redding, California facility. Compared with the year-ago, EBITDA decreased slightly due to lower sales volumes. I would like to now turn to operational excellence. Collectively, our Timberlands and Wood Products businesses achieved $44 million of operational excellence improvements in 2018. This brings us to over $540 million of total improvement since we began this program five years ago. Timberlands achieved its $40 million to $50 million target capturing $42 million of improvements in 2018, for a cumulative total of $214 million. In 2018, the majority of OpEx improvements in timberlands were attributable to initiatives to reduce logging and hauling costs, and improved log merchandizing and marketing to maximize the revenue from every log we harvest. In Wood Products, we had some challenges with OpEx this year. Although the business has captured $329 million of cumulative improvements, it delivered only $2 million of OpEx in 2018. On our third quarter call, we noted that the business had a lot of work to do to get to its 2018 OpEx target. And unfortunately we were not able to make up ground in the fourth quarter. The business did made good progress on improving fiber recovery, but we were not able to capture as much benefit as we had hoped from our other three focus areas. Our initiatives to increase mill reliability were hampered by an unusual amount of downtime for severe weather through the year. We did not capture enough cost reduction opportunities in light of the inflationary headwinds during the year, and we weren't able to realize the benefits from capital projects completed later in the year as ramped up several of those projects more slowly than planned. Obviously, we are disappointed by these results. We need to execute against our OpEx initiatives regardless of markets or weather conditions. So, no excuses. The good news is that we know the improvement opportunities are out there. We have a strong track record of achieving OpEx improvements in this business, and we have solid plans in place to capture these opportunities next year. In 2019, we are targeting $80 million to $100 million of additional OpEx improvements. This includes $40 million to $50 million from Timberlands, and $40 million to $50 million in Wood Products. I'm confident that we have the focus, tools, and expertise to achieve these targets, and I know there are significant opportunities beyond that to continue improving our relative performance in each of our business. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our first quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Devin, and good morning. The outlook for the first quarter and the full-year 2019 are presented in charts 14 and 15 of the earnings slides. In Timberlands business, we expect our first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately 10% lower than the fourth quarter. This reflects normal seasonal variations in harvest volumes as well as the effect of the decline in Western log prices that occurred in the fourth quarter. In our Western Timberland operations, we expect first quarter average sales realizations for domestic and export logs will be moderately below the fourth quarter average and harvest volumes will be lower. This will be mostly offset by a significant reduction in road and forestry spending and seasonally lower log and haul costs. As we move to lower elevations in the winter months. Domestic log supply has come into balance with demand in the West. The log deck inventories are at more normal levels. Japanese export log sales volumes are expected to decline due to the timing of shipments, we're seeing continue to strength in the Japanese housing market, particularly in the higher end post-and-beam construction and favorable demand for logs from our Japanese customers. Average sales realizations for Chinese export logs are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter and volumes to be lower on seasonally softer demand due to the Lunar New Year. In the South, we anticipate seasonally lower fee harvest volumes. Average sales realizations in the first quarter are expected to be similar to the fourth quarter. In the North, we anticipate average sales realizations for the first quarter will be higher while harvest volumes will be seasonally lower. Turning to the full-year 2019, we expect total company harvest volumes will be comparable to 2018 at approximately 38 million tons. We expect first quarter earnings and adjusted for our real-estate and energy and natural Resources segment will be approximately 10 million higher than the fourth quarter driven by our real-estate operations. Our buyer traffic typically slows during the winter months we saw a very strong real-estate activity in the fourth quarter, which allowed us to pursue a handful of additional transactions that we will close in the first quarter. Combined with continued strong interest in the west and the south, we're anticipating first quarter earnings that will be stronger than we would normally see for this time of year. We speak land basis as a percentage of real-estate sales will be approximately 50% for the first quarter. In our energy and natural resources operations, we anticipate that royalties will be seasonally lower in the first quarter. For the full-year 2019, we expect approximately $260 million of adjusted for real-estate Energy and Natural Resources segment, land basis as a percentage of real-estate sales to be between 40% and 55% for the full-year 2019. Wood Products, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly higher than the fourth quarter. Market prices for lumbers stabilized late in the fourth quarter and it began to rise. Sale orders are improving as we entered the spring building season. Current and first quarter to-date average sales realizations are $10 lower than the fourth quarter average. However, prices are approving and market dynamics are favorable. Our builder customers are expressing optimism about the spring selling season. As a reminder, every $10 change in lumber realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. As Devin mentioned earlier, we anticipate a substantial improvement in western and Canadian log cost in the first quarter. Unit manufacturing costs are expected to improve with higher production volumes as we move into the spring building season. Our newly expanded dirt sawmill was commissioned in mid-October. The mill's capacity is 80 million board feet larger and will continue ramping up for full production throughout 2019. For oriented strand board market price is stabilized late in the fourth quarter and current first quarter to-date realizations are approximately $30 lower than the fourth quarter average. As a reminder, every $10 change in OSB realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. We will have full quarter of production at our grayling Michigan mill after completing our plan, press replacement and start. In the first quarter, we anticipate seasonally higher sales volumes and operating rates for oriented strand board. Sales volumes for engineered Wood Products are also expected to increase in the first quarter. We anticipate unit manufacturing costs will be lower than the fourth quarter. Chart 12, outlines the major components of our unallocated items. Excluding special items, net contribution to earnings improved by $35 million. This was primarily due to a non-cash benefit from elimination of inter-segment profit in inventory and LIFO resulting from reduced log inventories. Year-end adjustments for lower employee benefits expense and foreign exchange gains were also favorable compared to the third quarter. Fourth quarter pretax special items include the $200 million non-cash pension settlement charge and a $13 million gain on the sale of a non-strategic asset. For our pension and postretirement plans, the year-end 2018 funded status improved by $1 billion compared to 2017 driven primarily by a higher discount rates and a $300 million voluntary cash contribution in the third quarter. Discount rates increased approximately 70 basis points for the U.S. plans and approximately 20 basis points for the Canadian plants. Cash paid for pension and postretirement plans in 2018 was $381 million, which includes the $300 million voluntary contribution to our U.S. qualified plan. In 2019, we do not anticipate any cash contributions to our U.S. qualified plan. Our required cash payments for all other plans will be approximately $50 million including the fourth quarter settlement charge our non-cash, non-operating pension and postretirement expense was $72 million in 2018. We expect to record approximately $60 million of expense in 2019. As we announced earlier this week, we purchased a group annuity contract to transfer approximately $1.5 billion of Weyerhaeuser's U.S. pension assets and liabilities to an insurance carrier. The purchase was funded with assets from our U.S. pension plan. In connection with this transaction, we expect to recognize non-cash, pre-tax pension settlement charge of approximately $450 million in the first quarter of 2019. Now I like to update you on our key financial items, which are summarized on chart 13, we ended the year with the cash balance at $334 million. Cash from operations during the fourth quarter is $292 million. For the full-year 2018, cash from operations was $1.1 billion. As we think about funds available for distribution. It's important to consider that in 2018 cash from operations included the $300 million voluntary cash pension contribution and approximately $100 million net spend for product remediation. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter totaled a $144 million and the full-year total for 2018 was $427 million. We expect total CapEx for 2019 will be approximately $400 million, $120 million for Timberlands inclusive of forestry reforestation costs and $270 million for Wood Products and $10 billion for plan corporate IT system investments. Turning to financing activities, we repurchased 11 million shares of common stock in 2018, including 2.8 million shares or $75 million in the fourth quarter. At year-end, we had $135 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We'll use this on an opportunistic basis in conjunction with our overall capital allocation strategy, we will report on our progress each quarter. Moving on to debt, we have one scheduled maturity in October 2019 for $500 million of 7 and 3-8s notes, which we plan to refinance. In the fourth quarter, we paid $209 million to extinguish the debt of a variable interest entity that was established as part of a timber installment sale in the early 2000s. We will receive $253 million cash in the first quarter when the related financial investment matures. We did the quarter with approximately $6.3 billion of debt outstanding. This includes a balance on our line of credit, the portion of which was used to bridge the temporary cash outflows associated with the variable interest entity, debt maturity. During 2018, we've reduced our cash balance as part of an intentional transition to move to a more efficient cash management strategy. Going forward, we expect to use a revolving credit facility to support temporary working capital needs. In the fourth quarter, interest expense was $97 million. We expect interest expense will be approximately $360 million for the full-year 2019. Moving on to taxes in the first quarter and full-year 2019, we expect the tax rate will be between 14% and 16%, excluding special items. Now, I'll turn the call back to Devin. I look forward to your questions.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thanks, Russell. Over the past few months, the main question I've had as I've talked with our employees, our customers, and our investors is what can we expect under your leadership? For those of you that know me, you know that I worked closely with Doyle for a number of years. I believe strongly in the fundamental strategy we have in place and that framework will remain the same. We will continue to drive value for shareholders by focusing on portfolio, performance, and disciplined capital allocation. We do need to continue to evolve how we implement that strategy to ensure that Weyerhaeuser maintains a competitive advantage and delivers superior returns for investors. We remain focused on improving our operational performance, our financial performance, and our ability to attract and retain talent. So, as we think about near-term priorities, my 2019 focus areas will be as follows: first, driving OpEx, with a particular focus on reliability and cost. As I mentioned we're targeting $80 million to $100 million of improvements across the company this year. In Timberlands, we're continuing to focus on reducing cost and driving efficiencies across our entire harvesting, hauling and road building, operations, and maximizing the value of every log that we harvest and sell. In Wood Products, we're bringing all of our manufacturing expertise together in a unified effort to take our reliability to the next level, which is the single biggest opportunity across our manufacturing portfolio. And in both businesses, and across the organization, we're driving a focus on our customers to serve them better and identify further OpEx opportunities in the supply chain. My second priority is around culture. We've made incredible progress on our journey to create a culture of urgency, accountability, courage, simplicity, and innovation, but driving lasting culture change is an ongoing effort, and we can't let up. So I'll be focused on continuing to reinforce and improve on the cultural progress that we've made. In particular, we'll be placing some additional emphasis on discipline focused innovation, which I strongly believe is a key to Weyerhaeuser's long-term success. My third area of focus is people development. People are our most important asset, and we need to accelerate our efforts on development and building bench strength across all levels of the company. I strongly believe that this will be a competitive advantage for our company in the years to come. And my final area of focus is disciplined capital allocation, which remains critical to driving value for our shareholders. Our priorities for capital allocation have not changed. First, is returning cash to shareholders, this will occur primarily through a dividend that is sustainable and grows over time as well as through opportunistic share repurchases as appropriate. Second, we will continue to invest in our businesses. In Timberlands, that means primarily civil culture and roads. And in Wood Products, it's high return projects that drive down cost and improve reliability. We'll continue to evaluate growth opportunities primarily in Timberlands, but we'll be very disciplined as we evaluate options in this regard. As you know given our significant land base, we're not compelled to grow and we will only pursue opportunities that clearly drive value for our shareholders. And our third capital allocation priority is maintaining an appropriate capital structure including a strong balance sheet and an investment grade credit rating. As you can see Weyerhaeuser's priorities and positioning are not significantly changing. My near-term focus remains on executing on our strategy in building on Weyerhaeuser's strong foundation. This is an incredibly exciting time to be assuming the leadership of Weyerhaeuser. It's a strong company with outstanding people and terrific assets. Our fundamental strategy is in place, and we will continue to improve the company by focusing on our portfolio, our performance, and disciplined capital allocation. I'm really excited about the opportunities that we have to take this company to the next level and deliver long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, I'd like to open the floor to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone, good morning. Devin, congratulations and welcome to the call, thanks for taking my question and for all the details. First question I had is on Wood Products, and I recognize it's real hard, especially, in an environment like the current one and the one we've been in the last few months to put a finer point on significantly increased EBIT or EBITDA for this segment, and 1Q versus 4Q, but if you could give us some parameters on it, it would be great. If you can't, could you tell us what's already sort of baked in to the sequential improvement from things that are under your control or should be there from you know, lower log costs, any inefficiency that hits you from Grayling being out of the mix, those sorts of things as we think about 1Q versus 4Q?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, George, and as you know it's really hard to quantify overall EBITDA at this point just because of the volatility that we've seen in pricing primarily on lumber and OSB. So hard to quantify there, but as we think about rolling into Q1, there are a few things that I think are really going to be tailwinds for us. So first of all, when you think about what happened in Q4 on the lumber side, you know, we saw lumber prices come down a lot faster than log prices. And so for the majority of the quarter, we were really working through higher cost inventory from logs that we purchased in Q3 and early Q4 and so it takes time for you to work those through the system. So heading into Q1, we'll be operating off of a lower log cost. So that's one thing. Second thing is just around operating rates. You know, those did come down a bit in Q4 and so we would expect those to be better in Q1. We'll have the full Grayling for full Q1. So that will be a benefit as well. And so overall -- and we do think we have some good tailwinds just on those things that are within our control. Additionally, although it's hard to quantify on the pricing side as you're probably aware, we have seen a pickup in lumber prices here just over the last several weeks and so feel like we're getting some momentum on that front as well.
George Staphos: Okay. But on the things that are tailwinds, is there any way to size the effect of the inventory benefit from logs or the Grayling startup in terms of 1Q just to have some sort of building block, and if you can't that's fine but I figured I'd try one more time.
Devin Stockfish:
, :
George Staphos: Okay. Thank you for that. Second question I had is, you know, there was some ticking down in EWP pricing, and you went through the reasons there. It's not like most of that was a mix in terms of industrial and solid section. We had heard in the trade that there was some private-label business that maybe shifted away from you. Was any of that in your mix or pricing effect, or is that -- if you buy the premise of that comment, was that sort of immaterial? And then my last question, I'll turn it over. In the South, there's a fair amount of storm wood, obviously from the third quarter storms, a lot of that is in Florida, does that have any kind of effect on when you expect Southern prices to lift or is it immaterial at this juncture? Thank you, and good luck on the quarter.
Devin Stockfish: Yes, thanks George. So with respect to the EWP question, you have customers move around from time to time in the overall mix, that's not really material for Q4 for us. We have a strong customer base so not terribly impactful for us. With respect to the storm damaged wood, I think when you talk about the local geographies where you had some of the damage, there may be some downward pressure here over the spring time period as they salvage some that wood. Those are geographies that we don't have a significant amount of ownership in those areas, so I don't think it'll impact us terribly. But you will see some increase in volume coming into those local markets as they salvage that damaged wood.
George Staphos: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Devin, congratulations on taking over.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks, Mark, morning.
Mark Wilde: Good morning. I wondered, just to start off, from your own distribution operations, what is your sense for kind of building products inventory in the channel right now?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, when you look across the system, our view is that inventories are pretty light. You know, you'll have pockets where it might be a little over in certain geographies, but on balance, really across the system, we think that the inventory channels are lower than normal.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then on the OpEx, you called out Timberland, you called out Wood Products, you didn't call out kind of real estate or the distribution business, I wondered if you can give us any color there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, Mark, so a couple of things, on the real estate business, really, we measure OpEx slightly differently there. And so for us OpEx in real estate is really about generating value over and above the timber value at the acre. And so our target is generally around 30%. In 2018, we delivered well in excess of that. So that's how we measure OpEx in the real estate business. And for distribution, We Put That in with Wood Products, so that's included in all commentary around Wood Products OpEx.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. And then, is it possible going forward, that we could maybe get a little more color on where the real estate land sales take place and sort of value that you achieve there? It just seems like it's an important piece of the puzzle, right now. And just in terms of helping us understand what's going on in the markets, I think a little more granularity would be helpful.
Russell Hagen: Hey, Mark, this is Russell. I think as you're well aware there's not a lot of real estate sales happening up in the north right now, and so those markets tend to be very quiet until things thawed out and we really get into the late spring and summer season. So as you noted in the third quarter we had a large transaction coming out of Montana, and that's usually when we see transactions coming out of those northern properties in that third and fourth quarter. Coming into the first quarter, we're going to see more transactions out of the South, and then the west. And those markets are actually still -- you know, have been pretty active. They were really strong coming out of the fourth quarter, and we'll pick up some additional transactions in the first quarter.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right, very good. I'll turn it over, thank you.
Russell Hagen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Just following up on George's question about the sequential earnings improvement from 4Q to 1Q in Wood Products you know, understanding your OpEx performance in this segment was below expectations last year, is there any reason to think that that $40 million to $50 million in OpEx in Wood Products might be a little front-end loaded or is that just kind of redistributed throughout the course of the year. And then just switching gears a little bit, a lot of your public competitors were taking pretty significant market downtime in 4Q, just wondering if you could talk generally about operating rates in the quarter, and if you took sort of similar moves or slowbacks?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, with respect to OpEx, I wouldn't say that that's going to be frontloaded to the first-half of the year. Really, we look at that 40 to 50 over the course of the full-year and are very optimistic that that's achievable, and we'll get that value. With respect to downtime, you know, as you know our primary strategy in Wood Products is to have low-cost operations. And that positions us to run when it may not make sense for others. And if you think about Q4 in particular, when you see the lumber prices coming down much faster than log prices, that does create some noise while you're working through some of that higher cost inventory, but I think as we have got that log price down to a more normalized level coming out at Q4, I think, we're well-positioned. We did take a little bit of downtime primarily just for capital projects in Q4 and adjusted shift postures in a few locations around the holiday time. But generally speaking, we were running in Q4.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on Timberlands, I was wondering if you could talk about what you're seeing in terms of transactions, both in terms of just kind of land available, demand, evaluations. It seemed like last year, we saw one kind of big transaction in the South it came in a little bit of a lower dollar per acre, maybe skewed kind of the average prices a little bit lower. Have you seen any kind of meaningful changes in terms of valuations of Southern Timberlands and again, availability and demand?
Russell Hagen: Yes, so, this is Russell. First, I'll talk about kind of the transactions, then I'll talk about the valuations. As far as the transactions, you know, 2018, we saw about $4.5 billion of transactions, and there were two large transactions, the southern transaction you talked about, that's Cato [ph] transaction, then we had the PotlatchDeltic deal. And so if you removed those we had about $2 billion of transactions kind of coming through the system. And that's probably kind of an average year anywhere from $2 billion to 3 billion, and then once in a while you get a larger transaction to skew that a little bit. So the overall transaction flow is still pretty strong. As far as valuations are concerned, again, it's difficult to do a comparable analysis, unless you really understand kind of what are some of the constraints on the lands you know, fiber supply agreements can cause some constraints and then also stocking levels, location to markets, et cetera. And so, looking at the values, it really is important to understand what are those impediments to value relative to what we'd consider a prime plantation or a strong industrial Timberland value.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. Very helpful, I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Just two things, you mentioned that builders are making adjustments. The one thing that we didn't see a lot of in the last big housing downturn was big changes in square footage to affect price points. Do you see any indication that builders are doing any of that or changes that might affect the -- even the engineered lumber component in a house?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, you know, I think it's a little earlier for us to have a definitive view on that, it's really just anecdotal. I think it's logical to assume that you may see some small reduction in square footage as people go after those lower affordability price points. But I think on balance from an overall wood usage perspective, it's much better to have more building to hit those affordability price points, so that you can get housing starts up to where the demand level sets.
Mark Connelly: Make sense. Okay, and just one more question we've all been sort of watching the sawmill capacity in the U.S. South. Do you see that getting pushed back now that things are a little more uncertain?
Devin Stockfish: I really don't and when you look at the available wood baskets across North America, the South is really the low-cost wood basket and so I think as we continue to see some challenges up in BC around fiber supply, I think we're going to continue to see that capital get put into the U.S. South because that will continue to be the low-cost wood basket for the foreseeable future.
Mark Connelly: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Good morning, and welcome to the call Devin.
Devin Stockfish: Thanks. Good morning.
Chip Dillon: Yes. First question is, as you think about the, OpEx improvements beyond '19 and normalized capital spending. I know that as part of the culture change, you've seen the headquarters shift in the last five years, you've completed the transformation of getting the business where you want, and importantly, you all were doing quite a bit of work to get to zero, I guess breakeven at the bottom and a lot of that's already been done, so my question is, as we go out beyond '19. And we look at '20 and '21. I know it's early days. What are your thoughts about what you normally can get, is it 80 to 100 in an OpEx improvement, and does CapEx need to stay at that $400 million level to get there?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so let me have -- I'll answer the capital question first as we've said, our plan has been, we've been spinning $300 million a year, the last several years, we're dropping that down to $270 million this year in Wood Products, it'll probably be comfortable next year. And as we work our way down to a more normalized call it $250 million level, so that sort of what we think is kind of a long-term run rate for capital spend in the Wood Products business. With respect to OpEx, we're certainly going to go after the 80 to 100 this year. It's a little early for me to try to quantify the exact amount beyond that but I am very confident that we'll get through 2019, we will get these OpEx numbers and there's still plenty to get as we continue to focus on cost and reliability throughout the system. So I wouldn't want anyone to take the belief that after 2019, we're done with OpEx. It's really become cultural on the organization. So I would anticipate us continuing to drive OpEx improvement well into the future.
Chip Dillon: Okay, that's helpful. And you gave us some numbers before about how log inventory specific -- particularly in China, I think you said they felt 20% in the fourth quarter and are below normalized levels. Do you see any signs that they are coming back to market I know just about everything they buy, they just stopped buying it in October and they're certainly find that they're running out of things hoping one example where local market prices have moved up a little bit? I just didn't know if you'd seen any return to the market from China?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it's hard to say at this particular time of year just because as you head into the Lunar New Year, the demand dynamics change just a little bit in terms of takeaway. I'll tell you our expectation, just given what we hear on the ground is that, coming out of the Lunar New Year, we're going to see continued strong demand. And so, we would expect starting from the lower inventories, you're going to see a good demand pole as we get into the spring season.
Chip Dillon: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Thanks. Good morning, Devin. Good morning Russell.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Collin Mings: First question from me, just on the $500 million of debt maturing this year just can you update us on how you're thinking about the term and potential pricing as it relates to the refinancing?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, as I mentioned, that matures in October, that's 738 debt, so it's a little higher coupon rate, I would say we're pleased with kind of where interest rates are at and we'll be looking at all kind of options as we take that and  go to the market to refinance that but I think we'll have a clearly a more favorable coupon rate than what we are retiring.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then, just moving on to the guidance as far as the 1Q guidance for the Timberland, on a year-over-year basis, I mean, is the expected drop in adjusted EBITDA, just driven primarily by the decline in western market prices, or is there some other factors just when trying to compare that against the I think the 268 that you posted in 1Q '18?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, it's primarily log prices.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then, just sticking kind of with Timberland on that front, on the west coast, it sounds like on balance, you believe kind of log pricing in the region is bottoming, Is that fair? And then, just specifically related to the Japan market in the prepared remarks, you referenced just kind of the decline on pricing for those logs? Does that just reflect less favorable supply demand dynamics in the region overall, or is there something else in particular as it relates to the Japan market you're seeing?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So with respect to your first question, yes, I think that is fair, we've seen that bottom out, would expect to see some upward momentum as we get into the spring building season. With respect to Japan, that trades at some premium to domestic prices. And so, those two are correlated and, not necessarily always one-to-one, but there is a correlation. So when you see domestic pricing come down in the West, you'll typically see that the realizations for the Japan logs comedown as well. So it's really just more tied to the domestic market pricing than it is to demand in Japan.
Collin Mings: Okay, very helpful. One last one here from me, just any update on insurance recoveries related to the Flak Jacket product issue?
Russell Hagen: Yes, this is Russell, we completed the remediation of that last year and we're very confident, we'll get recoveries under the insurance and we're working with our insurance carriers.
Collin Mings: Okay. Thanks, guys. I'll turn it over.
Russell Hagen: Thanks.
Beth Baum: Do we have another question?
Operator: Yes, sir. Next question comes from a line of Kurt Yinger with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Kurt Yinger: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning, Kurt.
Kurt Yinger: I wanted to jump back to the Timberland's guidance. You know, obviously you have a tough comp there from a log pricing standpoint in the West. And it should be tough again in the second quarter. It looks like but I mean, how do those sort of dynamics play out on a full-year basis? Do you think just given the big year-on-year decline in the first quarter?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so again, it's hard to fully predict what log prices are going to do over the course of the year. What I would say is when you think about the Western System, it's a very tension wood basket. And so, as we see prices rising in the spring with lumber and we see the building season pickup, our expectation is that you're going to see log prices follow. And so, we would anticipate if we have another good year in U.S. housing, which we fully expect and you're going to see log pricing continue to trend up over the course of the year, but again, hard to quantify.
Kurt Yinger: Okay. And then, my second question was, you reference some of the regional cost differences for sawmills, could you maybe talk a bit about your own margin differential for mills in the South versus, maybe the U.S. Western Canada?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so I don't know that we necessarily quantify that in specifics, but I can just tell you directionally, clearly with the South, the log costs are lower than they are in the Western Canada. And so, the margins in the Southern business are going to be better than they are in the Western in the Canadian lumber business.
Kurt Yinger: All right, thanks.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. One, I was just trying to flush out a little bit more. So it sounds like west coast log pricing is largely going to be a function you're thinking of what happens to U.S. housing or how important our developments in Asia do you think to what transpires to the West coast log pricing?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, so obviously in the west, the export business is a much bigger portion of our overall sales than it is in the south. And so, it's really multiple things it's what happens with U.S. housing and how does that impact lumber but also the demand out of Japan and China and to a smaller extent Korea. So, all of those things go into the overall demand signal in the West. And it's, a as I said, a very tension wood basket. So when you get increased demand in any of those, it can pull pricing up across the system.
Mark Weintraub: And if I understood correctly, Japan really hasn't been an issue on the demand side. China, it sounds there seems to have been -- what you believed there was that draw down of inventory. But I think you referenced that you thought that Chinese construction and infrastructure activity was still strong which I thought was interesting because there certainly been other commentary maybe not quite as bullish on that. So lot similar color there. But that sort of made it seem that it was the U.S. housing market that had been the biggest delta of life, but correct me if I am wrong.
Devin Stockfish: Yes. So couple of things, so on the Japan side, the demand has been solid. We are still seeing solid demand from the Japanese market for a higher quality Japan logs. The pricing and that was the comment earlier -- the pricing came down just a little bit. But that was really more driven by there is a correlation to domestic pricing. In China, what I would say is that we are seeing solid construction activity and good demand pull. When you think about over the last half of 2018, we did see a bit of a dip when the tariffs were originally put in place. That had largely normalized at least from a demand and volume perspective off of the West Coast for us as we got into the fourth quarter. And so, we are still expecting the overall volume to China to be comparable to prior quarters in that business at this tariff level still seems to be solid.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And then shifting gears, looking at your timberland operation, it's notable that the northern timberlands don't contribute a whole lot of EBITDA especially relative to if one were to look at comp valuations et cetera kind of the implied valuation of the business would have been. And so kind of the question is, is that a good fit for a publicly-traded timber REIT where it's not generating a whole lot of cash flow at least relevant to what would based on comp be potential valuations?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. What I would say that is we are always looking for ways to optimize and improve our timberland portfolio. That's true really across all regions and all geographies. And so to the extent that we can find opportunities to improve the overall value of our timberland assets and drive better returns that's something that we are always looking at. And so that's work that has been going on, and work that will continue to go on into the future really just around -- trying to optimize and improve the overall timberland's portfolio.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, thank you.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Operator: And today's final question will come from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Qinn: Yes, thanks very much. Morning, Devin. Morning, Russell.
Devin Stockfish: Good morning.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Paul Qinn: Hey, I was a little surprised over the drop in Wood Products EBITDA, especially on the lumbar side down $112 million especially given that you've got over 55% of your capacity in the U.S. South and prices there it didn't drop as much as other places. Maybe you can give us some color as what you saw on the West specifically with Doug fir and Whitewood? And then what are you seeing in the recovery because I have definitely seen in Canada, but it seems to be more muted elsewhere over the last couple of weeks?
Devin Stockfish: Yes. I think if you look at the lumbar business, a helpful comp is Q4 2017 because we had overall similar volumes. And really when you look year-over-year, the vast majority of the drop in EBITDA is related to price. So remember for every $10 per MBS that's about a $11 million of EBITDA. And when you think about particularly in the West as you saw lumbar prices come down pretty quickly, log prices come down at a much slower rate. And so, what that creates is a bit of a noise in the system as the log prices catch up to lumbar prices and you have to chew through some of that higher cost inventory. And so, that's really a big driver of what you saw happened in Q4 2018. If you normalize and you kind of go back to that Q4 log cost of Q4 2017, the profitability would have been similar.
Paul Qinn: Okay, then we have seen a pick-up in lumbar prices, what's holding back OSB?
Devin Stockfish: Yes, I mean as you know the lumbar market and the OSB from a supply-demand dynamic are just a little different. You'll see lumber come on a come off a little bit more quickly in response to demand signals. OSB is a little bit more lumpy. What we would expect is that over the course of the year, you're seeing some additional OSB capacity coming online and we believe that over the course of 2019 the demand will catch up to that, and will be more or less on balance, but probably come up a little bit more slowly than you're seeing lumber prices come up.
Paul Qinn: All right, that's all I have. Thanks a lot, guys.
Devin Stockfish: All right, thank you.
Devin Stockfish: All right. I believe that was the last question. So, thank you everyone for joining the call today, and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the Weyerhaeuser fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Baum - Senior Director, IR Doyle Simons - CEO Russell Hagen - CFO Devin Stockfish - SVP, Timberlands
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citi George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian McGuire - Goldman Sachs Collin Mings - Raymond James Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson Mark Connelly - Stephens Inc Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Baum: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s third quarter 2018 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com, Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer and Devin Stockfish, Senior Vice President of Timberlands. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Beth and welcome everyone. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter net earnings of $255 million or $0.34 per diluted share on net sales of $1.9 billion. Third quarter results include a $41 million tax benefit related to our previously announced U.S. pension plan contribution. Excluding this special item, we earned $214 million or $0.28 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA for the company totaled $505 million. Our third quarter results reflect solid operating performance in the face of challenging headwinds, including severe weather and certain Chinese trade policy and unusually volatile markets for lumber and oriented strand board. Our business is adapting changing conditions throughout the quarter and we remain relentlessly focused on the things we can control, improving our relative performance versus the competition and delivering on our commitment to disciplined capital allocation. During the quarter, we demonstrated our discipline commitment to capital allocation, by increasing our quarterly dividend by 6.3% to $0.34 per share, repurchasing $290 million of common shares and announcing a series of actions to substantially reduce our pension liabilities. In August, we also announced that I have elected to retire in early 2019 and that Devin Stockfish, currently Senior Vice President of Timberlands has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective January 01. Adrian Blocker, who leads our Wood Products business will succeed Devin as Senior Vice President of Timberland and Keith O'Rear, who leads our Wood Products sales and marketing organization will become Senior Vice President of Wood Products. As Beth mentioned, Devin is here in the room with us this morning. He will be participating in the Q&A and will make some remarks afterwards to close the call. Right now, let me give some more detail on our business results. I'll start with a few comments regarding the housing market. Significant discussion is occurring regarding the trajectory of the U.S. housing market. The market continues to grow. Total start increased nearly 4% year-over-year in September, despite disruption from Hurricane Florence. On a year-to-date basis, single-family and total starts have risen 6%. Repair and remodeling activity, which drives about 40% of lumber demand, is up 7.5% compared with the year ago. However, recently monthly housing statistics have been volatile and in some cases softer than expected. We see no evidence of a change in underlying demand for housing. Employment and wages continues to rise -- employment and wages continue to rise with unemployment at the lowest level since 1969. Consumer confidence began 2018 about previous session highs and has increased sharply as the year has progressed. Builders reports strong demand at entry-level price points and indexes of builder sentiment remained very positive. However, the rate of housing market growth appears to have moderated slightly, indicating a potential mismatch between demand and available supply. However, mortgage rates remain relatively low on a historical basis, continued increases in home prices and interest rates may be causing buyers at higher price points to recalibrate their expectations if they take affordability into account. We expect will resolve as buyers and builders adjust product in response to the changing market backdrop. For 2018, we anticipate total housing starts will be slightly less than 1.3 million and we expect continued market growth in 2019. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with Timberlands charts four to six. Timberlands contributed a $126 million to third quarter earnings and $206 million to adjusted EBITDA. Western Timberland delivered $121 million of third quarter EBITDA, $31 million lower than the second quarter. Average log sales realizations declined, fee harvest volume decreased 2% and row costs were seasonally higher. Unit logging and hauling cost also increased as we do more high elevation harvesting during the summer months. Compared with a year ago quarter however, Western EBITDA increased $10 million due to higher domestic and export log price realizations. Western domestic log markets were highly tensioned throughout the first half of 2018. As we enter the third quarter, strong lumber pricing and fear of another challenging fire season drove many Western mills to build larger than normal log decks to avoid the risk of downtime. Although the Pacific Northwest fire season arrived early, it was not severe and logging conditions remained very favorable throughout the third quarter. By early August, momentum in the domestic log market had reversed. Strong log supply, declining lumber prices and a pause in Chinese log demand due to the trade dispute put downward pressure on prices and domestic log realizations declined through the remainder of the third quarter. Turning to our export markets, Chinese construction activity remained solid during the third quarter. Log inventories at Chinese ports continued to decline, ending the quarter at approximately 3.7 million cubic meters, 12% below second quarter levels. In early August, the Chinese government announced its intent to impose a tariff on Western logs. Our China export log volumes declined in response to the uncertainty regarding implementation. The tariffs were implemented on September 24 and our Hemlock and Douglas fir log exports to China are assessed at a 5% rate. Average realizations for the third quarter were off slightly compared with the second quarter as we adjusted pricing in response to the tariff. Compared with a year ago China log sales volumes were lower due to the trade dispute, but average realizations were slightly higher. In Japan, demand for our logs remained solid but log sales volumes decline modestly due to timing as typhoon activity delayed ships during the month of September. Average log sales realizations were comparable to the second quarter. Compared with a year ago quarter, sales volumes to Japan were modestly lower and realizations improved substantially. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands contributed $80 million to third quarter EBITDA, $4 million less than the second quarter. Average realizations southern saw logs increased slightly compared with the second quarter and average pulpwood realizations were flat. Sales volumes declined compared with the second quarter as hurricane Florence felt weather-related downtime for third-party customers as well as our own mills. Our operations along the Atlantic Coast curtailed harvesting for up to a week to ensure employing contractor safety during the slow-moving storm and fee harvest declined 2% compared with the second quarter. Per unit harvest and hauling cost increased as we harvested a greater mix of things in the quarter and also incurred longer hauling distances as we flexed harvest operations to available wet weather ground. Southern log export volumes increased compared with the second quarter, although demand eroded following Chinese implementation of a 25% tariff on Southern panel logs on August 23. Average realizations for southern export logs declined as we adjusted pricing to offset a portion of the tariff. Export logs represent less than 2% of our southern fee harvest volume. Compared with the year ago quarter, Southern Timberland's EBITDA declined due to lower harvest volumes associated with hurricanes and higher fuel cost. Northern Timberlands contributed $4 million to EBITDA a $1 million more than the second quarter and comparable to a year ago. Fee harvest volumes improved seasonally in most areas and average realizations increased modestly due to mix. The Timberlands business continues to make good progress against its 2018 operational excellence initiatives and is on track to achieve its $40 million to $50 million OpEx target for the year. Key focus areas include improving the productivity of harvesting and hauling operations, reducing road cost, optimizing forestry spending and maximizing the revenue from every log we harvest. Real Estate Energy and Natural Resources, Charts 7 and 8; Real Estate & ENR contributed $36 million to third quarter earnings and $86 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA increased by $39 million compared with the second quarter and [technical difficulty] compared with a year ago. Real estate sales increased significantly due to typical seasonality. Third quarter also included a large acreage transaction in Montana, which accounted for approximately half of the acres sold in the third quarter. Average price per acre declined due to mix as Timberland prices in Montana are regionally lower. Average land basis on property sold was modestly higher than second quarter and significantly higher than third quarter 2017 due to the greater mix of Montana acres. As a result, the segment's third quarter contribution to earnings increased $14 million compared with the second quarter, but it was $11 million lower than a year ago. The real estate business is solidly on track to meet or exceed its targeted 30% premium to timber value for 2018.  Wood Products, Charts 9 and 10; Wood Products contributed $213 million to third quarter earnings compared with $329 million in the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $250 million. EBITDA for lumber totaled $118 million, $77 million lower than the second quarter and comparable to a year ago. Lumber prices have experienced record volatility in 2018. The framing lumber composite hit record highs in the first week of June, peaking at $582 before decreasing due to improving logistics and seasonally slower lumber usage. Pricing continue to fall through the third quarter as hurricanes and general market volatility, further dampened demand. From July through September, the composite lumber price drop approximately $140 or 25%, the steepest quarterly decline own record. Our third quarter average sales realizations decreased 9% compared with the second quarter, while the framing lumber composite declined 13% compared with the second quarter average. Lumber sales volumes declined 6% and manufacturing cost increased primarily due to lower operating rates. Although our lumber mills sustained no damage from hurricane Florence, our North Carolina mills lost several dozen ships as we took downtime to ensure the safety of our employees and equipment and regional flooding limited access and operations at some locations. Canadian log costs were higher, especially in Alberta, where an unusually wet weather has increased hauling cost and limited log availability. Third quarter EBITDA includes $6 million of charges for countervailing and antidumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber, comparable to the second quarter. Comparing our third quarter results with the year-ago quarter, higher average sales realizations for lumber were largely offset by higher log cost. Manufacturing costs were flat as we offset cost inflation, with operational excellence improvement. OSB contributed $77 million to EBITDA, $52 million less than the second quarter and $25 million less than a year ago. OSB prices began to fall at the beginning of the third quarter and benchmark north-central pricing decreased $110 or 25% from July through the end of September. Compared with the second quarter, our average sales realizations decreased 13%. Sales volumes decreased 11% due to an extended scheduled outage to replace the press [ph] at our Grayling Michigan mill. Including log sales volumes and other project expenses, the outage reduced EBITDA by approximately $25 million. Compared with the second quarter, fiber costs also increased. Comparing our results to the year-ago quarter, average sales realizations for OSB decreased 2% and sales volumes decreased 10% due to the Grayling outage. Excluding the $25 million outage cost, OSB EBITDA would've been comparable to the prior year as OpEx initiatives offset cost inflation. Engineered Wood Products contributed $48 million to EBITDA, $10 million less than the second quarter and comparable to a year ago. Average sales realizations improved approximately 2% compared with the second quarter and 89% compared with one year ago, as we continue to capture the benefit of our early 2018 price increase. Sales volumes decreased as hurricane activity and heavy rains in Texas slowed demand and what are usually strong growth markets. Distribution contributed $3 million to third quarter EBITDA, $9 million lower than the second quarter and $9 million lower than a year ago. Declining commodity pricing throughout the third quarter compressed margins and our Southeast distribution centers, lost multiple shipping days due to hurricane activity. The business also incurred $4 million of expense from wildfire damage at its Redding California facility. Through its continued focus on OpEx, our distribution business made money in the quarter, despite one largest quarterly commodity price declines ever recorded. The business remained highly focused on managing cost and product margins. The wood products business has made good OpEx progress on its 2018 initiatives to improve fiber cost and recovery, reduce certain controllable cost and capture the benefit of focused capital investment. However, efforts to improve mill reliability, which is our largest opportunity area have been hampered by weather as facilities have coped with unusual winter weather, flooding and hurricane this year. Our teams remain highly focused on reducing controllable costs, increasing fiber recovery, improving mill reliability, enhancing product margins and maximizing the benefit of our capital investment. However, there is still significant work to do to achieve the segment's full-year target of $40 million to $60 million. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thank you, Doyle and good morning. The outlook for the fourth quarter is presented in Chart 13 of the earnings slides. In our Timberland's business, we expect our fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $15 million to $20 million lower than the third quarter. In our Western Timberland operations, we expect fourth quarter average sales realizations for domestic and export logs, to be lower than the third quarter average, while log sales volumes are expected to be slightly higher. Larger than normal domestic log decks built in anticipation of a challenging fire season, which did not materialize are expected to come down. We also typically see a seasonal reduction in the supply from nonindustrial landowners in the fourth quarter, due to less favorable weather. We anticipate that overall domestic supply in the West will come back into balance with demand by year-end. Japanese export log sales volumes are expected to be moderately higher in the fourth quarter, for some shipments scheduled for the third quarter were delayed due to typhoon activity. Fourth quarter average sales realizations will be lower. Chinese export volumes are expected to be comparable to the third quarter, while average sales realizations will be lower. We remain optimistic on Chinese demand for Western logs despite near-term volatility caused by uncertainty with tariffs and trade policy. We expect slightly higher unit logging costs in the West, while road and forestry spend will decline modestly. In the South, we anticipate fourth quarter average sales realizations will be comparable to the third quarter and fee harvest volumes are expected to be slightly higher as we return to normal production after third quarter hurricane activity. We own very little timberland in the areas of Florida affected by hurricane Michael and experienced minimal infrastructure and resource damage due to that storm. Civil culture and forestry spending in the South is expected to increase slightly as we deferred activities from the third quarter into the fourth quarter, due to severe weather. In the North, we anticipate higher fourth quarter harvest volumes and average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. Real estate and energy and natural resources, earnings and adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. Markets remain active across our ownership and we continue to see strong interest in higher and better used properties. We now expect EBITDA for our real estate and energy and natural resources segment will be approximately $260 million for the full year 2018. In the third quarter, land basis as a percentage of real estate sales was higher than our full year guidance of 40% to 50% due to the mix of acres sold. We now anticipate that land basis will be approximately 55% for the full year 2018. Wood products market prices for lumber and oriented strand board have continued to decline in the fourth quarter. Logistical challenges improved over the summer, allowing supply to reach the market as seasonal demand moderated. In addition, hurricanes and general market volatility have continued to dampen demand. We expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly lower than the third quarter. For fourth quarter to date, our lumber realizations are $80 lower than the third quarter average and current realizations are approximately $100 lower. For oriented strand board our quarter-to-date realizations are $35 lower than the third quarter average and current realizations are approximately $50 lower. As a reminder, every $10 change in lumber realizations is approximately $11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. Every $10 change in oriented strand board realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. Western and Canadian log costs are expected to be lower in the third quarter and we anticipate improved unit manufacturing costs for lumber due to less weather-related downtime. Our Dierks sawmill was commissioned in mid-October and will begin ramping up to full capacity throughout 2019. We restarted our Grayling, Michigan-oriented strand board mill on October 21, following the completion of the scheduled press replacement. We will be ramping up to existing capacity through the end of the year. We anticipate higher operating rates and increased sales volume through oriented strand board in the fourth quarter. Sales volumes for engineered wood products are expected to decline seasonally, compared with the third quarter. Chart 11 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. Contribution to earnings decreased $4 million in the third quarter, primarily due to an expected increase in our unallocated pension and postretirement benefit cost. The second quarter included a favorable true up to finalize prior yearend estimates for pension plan assets and liabilities. We expect non-operating pension and postretirement expense of $17 million for the fourth quarter. Now I'd like to turn to an update on our key financial items, which are summarized on Chart 12. Capital expenditures total $105 million from the third quarter. We continue to expect total CapEx for the full year 2018 will be approximately $420 million, $300 million wood products and $120 million for Timberlands. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is historically the highest quarter of capital spending. Moving on to debt, we ended the quarter with approximately $5.9 billion of debt outstanding. We have no remaining maturities in 2018 and we expect fourth quarter interest expense to be comparable to the third quarter. For taxes, we continue to expect our 2018 effective tax rate to be between 11% and 13% based on the forecasted mix of earnings, excluding third quarter special tax benefit. In August, we announced a series of actions intended to reduce the liabilities of our US qualified pension plan, while maintaining its current funded status.  As previously disclosed, we made a $300 million cash contribution to the plan in the third quarter. We also offered certain planned participants the opportunity to elect an immediate lump-sum distribution of their pension benefits. Upon completion of this lump-sum offer in the fourth quarter, we expect to record a one-time non-cash settlement charge. We currently estimate this non-cash charge will be approximately $200 million pretax based on current actuarial assumptions. Cash from operations during the third quarter was $87 million. Excluding the $300 million pension contribution, cash flow from operations would be $387 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 8.6 million shares of common stock for $290 million. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $348 million. As of the end of the third quarter, we had $210 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Now I'll turn the call back to Doyle and look forward to your question.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Russell. After the Q&A, we'll make a few comments on owned succession to close the call, but at this time, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning and congratulations Doyle and Devin. Congratulations to you and Devin on the transition. I am wondering if you could talk more about the cost inflation that you're seeing in Timberlands. I think your outlook indicates Western log prices will fall sequentially in 4Q, but even with that, it seems like Western prices are still going to be significantly above where they were say at the end of '16, but I think the segment EBITDA guidance is expected to be down maybe 10%, 15% versus where you were at the end of '16. I guess this is cost-driven. So is there a lag in terms of passing through these costs? Is there a reason to think that maybe some of them will roll off in next year? Just kind of any color you could give on cost in Timberland would be helpful?
Devin Stockfish: Yes sure and so I guess just at a high level, certainly we are seeing some inflationary headwinds in the Western business. I would say on a year-over-year basis, if you think about the logging side as probably around 3%ish cost inflation year-over-year. On the trucking side and this is more across the business as a whole, it's closer to 7% or 8% and that's largely driven just by contractor and trucking availability and some fuel price inflation as well and I would say, we're doing everything we can to do battle that inflationary headwind with our OpEx and certainly that's a big part of how we are operating really business wide, not just in the West.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. And in terms of a timeline for recovering those costs, would that be first half of next year or any sort of -- any kind of thoughts you can give on the timing?
Devin Stockfish: So if you think about passing those through really it ties back to what we're seeing on log prices and generally it's less specific to cost inflation and really just market dynamics with log prices and certainly as Doyle and Russell mentioned, I do think some of the supply-demand dynamics that we've seen in the Western market is going to be coming back into balance as we get into Q4 and I would expect to get back up to more normalized pricing in the West as we get into the back half of Q4 and into 2019.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful and then just kind of a question on whether I think you identified that as an impact in the South for both the Timberlands business and the wood product business. Is it possible to quantify for the two segments how much of a hit weather was in the quarter?
Doyle Simons: Sure. And we think weather total impact on the quarter Anthony was approximately $15 million and that includes from the hurricane, the Japan typhoon, the Redding fire at our distribution facility and higher Canadian log costs because of very wet weather. If you take that $15 million and you break it down, about $5 million of it was in Timberlands, half of that from hurricane, half of it from the typhoon and approximately $10 million of it was in wood products. So that's how we would break that down.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Thanks everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details and Doyle, congratulations to you and Devon and Adrian and Keith on the transition and the best of luck to everyone.  I guess my first question on wood products, can you comment at all in terms of how production might run relative to shipments in the fourth quarter? Do you anticipate maybe having to take inventory down a bit further and that being something we need to consider in terms of our models beyond pricing and shipments and broadly where to say inventories are right now within wood products?
Doyle Simons: I think generally in wood products across the system, I would say inventories are normal to slightly elevated, but headed in the right direction. What I would tell you George, in the fourth quarter versus the third, I would actually anticipate our volumes would improve. In lumber for example, our operating rates in the third quarter were in the high 80s versus where they were in the second quarter, which was the mid-90s that was a result of all the disruptions we saw from weather and primarily in the South in the third quarter. So as we move into the fourth quarter George, we would anticipate operating rates returning to more normalized levels. So that's how we're currently thinking about it.
George Staphos: Okay. So ultimately, doesn’t sound like you have to take any production down time to get the inventories balance, you just think demand will more or less take care of it from what we could see?
Doyle Simons: That is correct. We have no current plan for downtime and part of our overall velocities George has been to focus on cost and our current cost position allows us to continue to run our mills when it may not make sense for some others to do so. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it at this point in time.
George Staphos: Okay. Thanks for that Doyle. I appreciate the comments on the West in terms of Timberland. Those are very helpful. If it's possible, could you give us a bit more granularity on how Chinese log realizations trended in the quarter versus your expectations? I know you said they are up year-on-year. You said they were down in this quarter. Where do they wind up maybe in absolute levels and where do they wind up relative to your expectations and I had one more question to follow up after that?
Doyle Simons: Yes, so just a little bit of context around China. So when you think about the Chinese export program off of the West, really as Doyle mentioned, when the trade dispute really started picking up steam mid to late summer timeframe, what that really did was it put a little bit of a pause into that market, just as people were trying to react and figure out how that was going to be implemented. And so you saw a little bit of slow down into the China market. I would say that, that is beginning to normalize. At this point, if you think about a 5% tariff, that's really not enough to meaningfully impact the volume that we're going to flow into China kind of in the short to mid-term. One thing to remember about China pricing however, is that there is a strong correlation to domestic markets in terms of how we price the China wood and that can really swing one direction or the other depending on what's going on in the domestic market and the Chinese demand. I will say just on the demand side, we're still seeing strong activity in China, the inventory levels at the port are coming down. According to our folks in China, there are still good take away from the ports and so we would certainly expect as we get to the back half of the quarter that we're going to continue to see good demand out of China.
George Staphos: So Devin, it would be fair to say that the trend in the quarter was really driven more by domestic market and less in terms of export trends and trade issues, would that be fair for Timberlands?
Doyle Simons: It's a little bit of both really. If you think about what happened in the West in the quarter, it was really, it was a perfect storm of events. You think about the fire season that the mills across the West were expecting and really they were putting that in the context of 2017 when we had a really severe fire season in the west and so across Washington and Oregon, everybody was planning for that in 2018, never materialized. Then you saw a lot of volume being built up at the mills and so very heavy large log decks. Additionally, with the high pricing that you saw in the West for the first half of the year that brought a lot of the marginal players bringing wood to the market, so that increased supply and then you overlay that with the trade disputes as some of the logs at least during a portion of the quarter that would have otherwise gone to China stayed into the domestic market. And so really what that did, it caused a little bit of a supply-demand dynamic that, that was a little out of balance and so as all of the things begin to normalize, we head into the winter weather where you're going to see less volume flowing into the market, that will all normalize and I think you get back into balance.
George Staphos: Okay. I'll turn it over. Thanks for the time guys and good luck in the quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, George.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian McGuire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian McGuire: Hey good morning, everyone and I'll also add my congratulations Doyle on a great run and best of luck to Devin in the new role here.
Devin Stockfish: Thank you.
Brian McGuire: Just following on from George's questions, I think and based on Russell's commentary around the pricing sensitivity, it seems like lumber for you guys will be close to breakeven in 4Q, maybe a little bit positive, but given you guys are one of the lower cost producers at this point, what do you think that kind of signals around current economics for call it marginal producers in the industry, you think more likely to see any capacity curtailments or getting that's just sort of normal fourth quarter seasonality and if we can little bit of rebound in pricing, you would expect nobody to really be thinking about taking an extended downtime?
Doyle Simons: I don't want to speculate on what others may do. As you know, as you probably know, there already have been some announcements as to downtime in the quarter. As I said our focus on cost and cost position puts us in a good position to continue to run our mills when maybe it didn’t make sense for some others to. I do think that the pricing scenario we're currently in will correct itself. Our best guess is by the end of the quarter, it will be headed back in the right direction. So we'll have to see how that plays out from a pricing perspective. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Brian McGuire: Okay. Just thinking about if prices don't recover, if they actually continue to slide in a worst case scenario, you're just thinking about the cash flow and the CapEx in particular. I know it's been elevated the last couple of years, there just been announcement on some wood products but could you maybe give us a sense of where that CapEx number could go, if we do get into more of an extended downturn here?
Doyle Simons: Sure. We have been spending approximately $300 million a year in CapEx in our wood products operation. We would anticipate that type of number in 2019 and then falling off to $250 million or so on a go forward basis. We've always said that maintenance CapEx is probably $150 million to $200 million, not suggesting this at all but you could lower it down to that price or to that level in the event that you made the decision that was the right thing to do. Again I'd go back to I think what we're seeing is a confluence of events that have led to this significant fall in the pricing including as Russell mentioned, a slug of supply coming in from Canada that was built up slower seasonal land hurricanes, a lot of events that we think will level out over time. So we're not predicting a precipitous fall in lumber prices for any extended basis, but in response to your question, we could lower CapEx significantly if we made a determination that we needed to do that.
Brian McGuire: Okay. Just trying to stress the model. I know you guys have set the dividend at a level where you think it's supported regardless of environment and do you think that's probably one of those components that would factor in there. Just last one for me, if lumber price is down, just wondering how you think that might impact either it be it prices, I know there is not a direct correlation per se there, but they did sort of compete with each other in some applications. So just wondering what your outlook is for either be bright EWP prices the rest of this year and into 2019?
Doyle Simons: Yeah, so EWP prices as we mentioned were actually up a little bit in the quarter that's a result of the price increase that we went -- that we put in earlier this year. So as you said, there is no direct tie between EWP prices. Those are done -- those price increases are set and implement over an annual basis, whereas lumber as we know it's price is determined every day. So at some point if you said there was a significant change in overall demand for lumber and/or EWP that could have an impact on pricing, but right now we anticipate prices will be steady for the balance of this year and into next year for EWP.
Brian McGuire: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks again Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Hey. Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Collin.
Collin Mings: First question for me just on the share repurchases over half the authorization was used in 3Q, I don't know if you can update us on how much has been purchased here 4Q today and maybe just more broadly update us on the appetite for repurchase activity just given the near-term cash generation isn’t what it was a couple months ago?
Doyle Simons: Collin as mentioned, we did repurchase $290 million in the third quarter. As we always do, we will report the amount that we repurchased in the fourth quarter and when we do the fourth quarter earnings call. So we still had $210 million under the current authorization and we of course will be working with our Board as we always do own capital allocation as we move forward.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then just going back to roughly your comments as part of the sensitivity, just running some quick math, would it be fair to say if pricing stabilizes at this level that wood products, EBITDA generation would be maybe somewhere around the $100 million number, is there some other moving pieces we should consider in that or just some guidepost, would that be a fair way to think about it?
Russell Hagen: Collin I think as you look, clearly the pricing is pretty dynamic right now. As Doyle indicated, we would expect pricing to start improving coming into the latter part of the quarter, but as we stated in the prepared remarks, will be significantly down quarter-over-quarter.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then just follow-up, going a little bit back to Anthony's question earlier, just as part -- a bit surprised by the Timberland guidance for 4Q just given that I would be a really multiyear low contribution from that segment, I get in the response some of the questions that you have this optimism as far as pricing recovering on the log front as we kind of move through 4Q, but just in terms of what you're seeing real time if you will, is pricing stabilizing? Is there still been further deterioration? Maybe just talk us through that a little bit both domestically and export.
Doyle Simons: Yeah so what I would say is that we still have reasonably high levels of inventory across the mill set in the West and so we're really just at the point now where we're starting to move into the rainy season here in the West and so that's going to take a little time for that to work its way through. I would expect you're going to continue to see the inventories at high level for the next several weeks and then as we get into the back half of Q4, I think you'll start to see that normalize and so I think we're still at a point where that's working its way through the supply demand dynamic getting back into balance, that will improve I think over the back half of the quarter. And that domestic pricing that certainly is correlated to the export pricing as well. So those things typically move more or less in tandem.
Collin Mings: Okay. One last one for me and I'll turn it over. Just going back to some of the disruptions on the export market, a lot of has been made up over the last couple years really about the export opportunities out of the U.S., clearly some disruptions near term, recognizing again that the overall contribution from that is pretty de minimis for you guys. But just long term, how do you think about that business and are you actively exporting outside or out of the US out right now?
Russell Hagen: Yeah so obviously there's a difference between 5% tariff that we're seeing in the West and a 25% tariff on the South. The 25% tariff is certainly more meaningful to that business. Now as you said just for context, it is a relatively small part of our overall business, both in the South and then certainly Timberlands wide. We're continuing to ship out of the US South to China and India, that has gone down somewhat and certainly we're not ramping that up at the same pace that we had anticipated pre-trade dispute, but if you kind of step back and look at the opportunity over the long term, we're still very optimistic that that's going to be a good business for us. We've been on the ground talking to customers in China. I think Southern Yellow Pine is a market that will ultimately be developed in a much more meaningful way in China. I think the demand is there. Really I think in the short term we're going to have to just work our way through until this trade dispute gets resolved, but I would expect that it will get resolved as they always do and then there will be a very I think a bigger opportunity for us exporting out of the South.
Collin Mings: Okay. I appreciate the color and again Doyle congratulations on your retirement and compliments at Weyerhaeuser and congratulations Devin on the new role.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Collin.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mark Wilde with BMO. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Doyle, Devin, Russ.
Doyle Simons: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Doyle, it's been about 25 years of earnings calls, I think you're probably happy to see them come to an end.
Doyle Simons: I would absolutely agree with you.
Mark Wilde: We've must be in the same boat with you. Three questions I want to ask about; first, there have been a couple of articles in the Wall Street Journal over the last couple weeks about kind of supply issues on Southern Timberland and I wondered if you guys would want to offer any thoughts on the substance of those articles, really had to do a kind of subsidies over the last 30 years for Timberland planting?
Devin Stockfish: Yes sure Mark, this is Devin. Really that was getting to the Conservation Reserve Program that's in place -- been in place for a number of years and so really that's nothing new. We've all been aware of that program for long time and really it's just one factor that plays into the overall supply-demand dynamic going on in the south. It has certainly added some additional acreage over the years, but once again I think our optimism over the long-term is really about just the continued capacity coming online, the export opportunities over time, the diminishing supply from the Canadian lumber and the underlying continued improvement in housing. And so it's a piece of the puzzle, certainly not anything that everybody wasn't I think aware of already in terms of how they think about inventory levels across the South. So I guess that's how we would speak to that.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Fair enough. Second question I had I think we've all been surprised for the last 10 years about what's going on in the housing market. I think the notion that we're topping out here around 1.3 million starts is a big shock to a lot of us. I'm just curious if we are topping out here, can you talk about sort of the sustainability of the dividend if we don't see further improvement in the housing market?
Doyle Simons: Mark, first I would say I am not sure we agree with the premise and then I'll answer your question, go ahead.
Mark Wilde: No, I was just to say Doyle, I think a lot of us have kind of been assuming would at least get the 15 or 16, but if you look at the data over the last three or four months, it's not what it's showing us. So I am just saying if we're indeed topping out and I'm not arguing that we are, let's just talk about the dividend on that basis?
Doyle Simons: Sure, so let's assume for a minute that we top out the housing currently where we are, I think clearly that's a sensitivity we ran when we were coming over the dividend, we make dividend decisions for the long-term. We all have to remember that just last quarter we had record EBITDA and our wood products operation and in very high levels of EBITDA across the company, and housing starts at one point to something. So clearly, wood product prices have fallen. Again I think that's a confluence of events that just happen to fall in the same part and push prices down in the third quarter into the fourth quarter, but under your assumption of 1.3 million housing starts, I think this company in the way we're positioned and are focused on cost can generate a significant amount of cash flow and would be very comfortable with the dividend level on a go-forward basis.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That's good. That's what I wanted. Last thing I wanted to ask about it's just Northern Timberlands, we generated $13 million in EBITDA this year around 2.5 million acres. I'm wondering how you think about that piece of portfolio and I'm particularly wondering if this is just a kind of valuation arbitrage between kind of where warehouse or trades on an EBITDA basis and what you might be able to do with that Timberland generating a relatively modest amount of EBITDA?
Russell Hagen: So Mark, this is Russell, as we stated when we first completed the merger with Plum Creek that we are going to look at all of the components of the portfolio and that's the Uruguay operations kind of as part of that review and then we continue to look at the portfolio really in all regions and determine, which timberlands makes sense on a long-term basis, which are strategic and where we want to grow and where we might want to divest. Again that's an ongoing process. The one thing I will say about the North is there are very low input costs. So it's very low-cost type operations, but again we'll continue to review the portfolio and if makes economic sense, we'll act on them.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Fair enough. Doyle, enjoy your retirement.
Doyle Simons: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Good morning and Doyle congratulations. It's been quite a long time that we've worked together. We certainly enjoyed it. So all the best.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Chip and I've enjoyed working with you and many others on this call as well. It's hard to believe it's been a number of years it has been. So thank you.
Chip Dillon: Exactly at least one us and that would be you haven't changed that much, but hey listen, I had a question about when I look at the Timberland, well we both have a few more gray hairs, but looking at Timberland in the segment, you've given us great detail in terms of the sequential expectation and yet when I look year-over-year, it looks down pretty sharply and I didn't know if you just step back from the fourth quarter of this year and how that looks versus the fourth quarter of last year, how would you break up that roughly, I don't know $50 million $60 million decline in EBITDA between what we see in terms of the export market on one hand and what we see in terms of the domestic market? And then I guess the third bucket would be just you mentioned the higher unit costs, which would suggest you're going to harvest a little less, but you still haven't fixed cost of all the folks that are involved with that?
Doyle Simons: I think the year-over-year story is primarily around volume. If you think from a pricing perspective, it's not going to be all that much different year-over-year for the quarter, but it's primarily around volume and there's also certainly some cost inflation, which I mentioned earlier a little more on the transportation side, but a little bit on the logging side as well.
Chip Dillon: I got you and then I know you probably it's hard to tell, certainly given the fragmentation of the housing construction of marketplace, but as you look into 2019 to the best of your intelligence, are you seeing builders going into next year with less to do or is this pause you think largely seasonal in terms of what we're seeing in the data? And if it is the case of they have left to do, is it because they just can't get the permits or the people to do the work or is it because there's truly perhaps the demand or affordability issue?
Doyle Simons: Yeah, so let me share with you kind of our view on housing and given it's a lot of thought and start with the fact that there's just a lot of noise out there. There is weather events. There is increase in interest rate, the political situation, the volatility in the stock market, but if you step back, housing fundamentals are still compelling. Employment and wages continue to rise, consumer confidence is strong and while we've seen growth in housing starts for a number of years, we're still below the $1.3 million, which was -- we're still below $1.3 million which is not enough to replace the housing stock and meet the ongoing household formation and while interest rates are up they're still at relatively low levels. Maybe more important Chip to your question when we talk to our customers, the big homebuilders out there, they're still optimistic about how -- they do have lot constraint, they do have labor constraints and I think that's the big thing holding them back. So what we believe we're seeing right now is kind of a short-term slowdown in the growth rate on housing rather than something structural. Again, when we look at it, when we talk to folks about it, we see continued strength in growth in demand in housing on a go-forward basis. The other thing I would mention is we're also encouraged by what we're seeing in the repair and remodeling market, which as you know is a key driver of lumber demand and that's up 7.5% or so this year and we anticipate that kind of growth in 2019 as well in that market. So that's kind of how we think about it.
Chip Dillon: That's very helpful. Thanks again, guys.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Chercover with Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Chercover: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of nitty-gritty questions on the Wood Product segment. So first of all on the Distribution segment, I was wondering if there was any kind of inventory write-down in addition to the fires and everything else that's contributed to the decline?
Doyle Simons: The decline in distribution was driven by a couple of things. Number one, as we mentioned, we did have the fire at our Reading facility that was $4 million as result of some damage to inventory and equipment there. So that was $4 million of the impact. Secondly, our Southeast distribution centers were down for a period of time because of the hurricane and then third is just when you have falling commodity prices throughout a quarter, that's going to have an impact on distribution. So those would be the three key drivers for the delta quarter over quarter.
Steven Chercover: Okay. Thanks for that Doyle and then next one is can Engineered Wood Products sustain the pricing momentum or even sustain current pricing when lumber has fallen so dramatically?
Doyle Simons: Engineered Wood Product pricing is going to be based on what happens on the demand side of the equation. Again we think housing is going to continue to improve, which will drive demand. We did see a falloff in demand in the third quarter. As we mentioned that was driven by weather. There was extremely wet weather and what are historically very strong markets for EWP especially in Texas, which had and continues to have a lot of rain. So the key driver for EWP is going to be what happens on the housing front and as demand continues to grow in housing, we think that demand will be in place, which will support current prices and could even potentially projecting it could potentially lead to further price increases as we move into 2019.
Steven Chercover: Okay. Thanks and final question on lumber. If lumber prices were to stay in the current price range, would that put pressure on log prices? I'm wondering from a chicken and egg perspective, due to nonintegrated producers bid logs, so they are going to earn a margin on their lumber or the types of the lumber is a function of the incoming log price?
Doyle Simons: Well as we've seen historically there has been a direct tie between lumber and log prices, but as we've seen in the South, that's no longer necessarily the case. So we'll see how it plays out, but I guess most importantly we're pretty optimistic about lumber pricing headed back in the right direction, because if you really step back from a lumber perspective, is we think as you move forward assuming housing continues to improve, you're going to be in a mode where you're going to have growth and demand of somewhere in the 2 billion board feet range a year and you're going have growth in supply, net growth in supply. So there is some coming out of Canada increases in the South of 1 billion board feet and that's going to be a pretty good dynamic on a go-forward basis.
Steven Chercover: Okay. Thanks Doyle and all the best to you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Thank you, Doyle. Certainly want to add my congratulations. You've done impressive things at Weyerhaeuser. Two questions, with valuations in other wood-related businesses coming down, how do you think about the relative size of the TRS? Is this an opportunity maybe to scale up the TRS and also how do you think about Timberland assets in the market now in terms of relative value?
Doyle Simons: So in terms of the size of the TRS, we really don't have any significant constraints on the ability to growth at this point. As always n valuation is what will matter in terms of -- in terms of any potential acquisitions. We've said, we think our biggest opportunities would be on the Timberland side, but we would look for bolt-on acquisitions in wood products especially if they tied into our timber base. So that has not changed, but we will be very disciplined on acquisitions as we move forward. In terms of timberlands, valuations are still at pretty high levels, but we will continue to look for opportunities to grow our timberland where we think we can create value for shareholders.
Mark Connelly: Very helpful. Thank you, Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Today's final question will come from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn: Thanks. Just skidded under the wire here. Maybe just a question on whether you've noticed anything in the Timberland marking themselves in terms of valuations, whether they've come down at all due to the market drop in lumber and OSB prices over the year?
Russell Hagen: Paul, this is Russell. We really haven't seen a change in the overall market dynamics. It's actually been pretty busy second half of the year. As far as valuations, we're still seeing as Doyle mentioned strong valuations and high-quality timberlands are in demand and we're seeing those trade at good prices. So the short-term dynamic that we're experiencing in the second half of the year, we haven't seen it impact Timberland values.
Paul Quinn: All right. That's all I had. Congrats Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Thank you very much.
Doyle Simons: So as I understand, that was our final question. As I mentioned earlier, as we close the call this morning, we want to make a few comments on succession and I wanted to personally thank all of you for your support over the last five years and as we mentioned, for many of you it's been 20 or 25 years. I will say, it's been an absolute honor to lead Weyerhaeuser for the past five years. When I accepted the job, I told our Board that I would stay for five years and every day I would be relentlessly focused on five things; portfolio, performance, capital allocation, culture and people development. I'm very proud of the progress we've made to position Weyerhaeuser to drive value for shareholders and I couldn't be any more excited about the energy and vision Devon, Adrian and Keith will bring to their new roles as they continue to drive improved operational and financial performance. Those of you who know Devin, he is extremely smart, driven and dedicated. He shares my passion for developing people and getting results and he is also an outstanding role model for our core values. And with that, I'd like to turn it over the floor to Devin for a few closing remarks.
Devin Stockfish: All right. Well, thanks Doyle. Well, first I want to take a moment just to thank Doyle for his tremendous leadership and contributions to Weyerhaeuser. During his time leading this company, we focused and enhanced our portfolio of assets, improved our operating performance and delivered on a commitment to disciplined capital allocation. It's been a real privilege to work with Doyle over the last five years and I certainly wish him all the best in his retirement. I am personally truly honored to be assuming the leadership of this great company. Our assets are world-class. Our employees are incredibly talented. Our strategy is sound and I'm privileged to be working with a terrific senior leadership team. In the coming months and years, we're going to build on this strong foundation to make Weyerhaeuser the world's premier timberland and forest products company. I am very excited about the opportunities in front of us as we continue working together to drive value for shareholders through a relentless focus on industry-leading performance and disciplined capital allocation. I've had the chance to meet many of you in person already and it certainly look forward to getting to know the rest of you better as I assume the role. So for now, thanks everyone for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. And with that, I think we'll close the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Weyerhaeuser third quarter 2018 earnings results conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Baum - Senior Director of Investor Relations Doyle Simons - Chief Executive Officer Russell Hagen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citi Brian McGuire - Goldman Sachs George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Collin Mings - Raymond James Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Mark Connelly - Stephens Inc Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute, to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Beth Baum: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s second quarter 2018 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com, Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with Forward-Looking Statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Beth and welcome everyone. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter net earnings of $317million or $0.42 per diluted share on net sales of $2.1 billion. Second quarter results included net after-tax charges of $15 million for special items. Excluding special items, we earned $332 million or $0.44 per diluted share. This is an improvement of 21% compared with the first quarter and 57% higher than a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA for the Company totaled $637 million, 17% more than the first quarter and 26% more than a year ago. I’m very pleased with our second quarter results. Our business has delivered solid operating performance and capitalized on very favorable markets for lumber, OSB and Western log. This enabled us to drive our highest wood products EBITDA own record and Weyerhaeuser’s highest quarterly EBITDA since 2006 when the Company’s operations were nearly three times larger than they are today. Before I discuss our business results in more detail, let me make a few comments regarding the housing market. Housing market fundamentals remain strong, employment growth continues, wages are rising and consumer confidence has surpassed previous session has. Although mortgage rates have risen, housing affordability remains very favorable compared with historical averages. First time in entry-level buy where [agent] (Ph) enter the market and builder sentiment remains positive. As is been the case for this entire recovery, housing data remain volatile; total starts surged to 11 year highs in May, didn’t pull back in June and those variations will likely continue as heat, wet weather and many other factors affect monthly construction activity. However, year-to-date trend illustrates a steady upward trajectory we anticipated. Through June total housing starts have averaged approximately 1.3 million on a seasonally adjusted annual basis and improvement of nearly 8% year-to-date. Single-family starts have improved by over 8%; permit activity range strong with total permit averaging over 1.3 million year-to-date. Our builder customers still there, effectively navigating labor and lot availability and cost and are well-positioned to continue meeting pent up demand. For 2018, we continue to expect approximately 1.3 million total housing starts with single-family starts nearly 10%. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with Timberland, Charts 4 to 6. Timberland contributed $161 million in second-quarter earnings compared with $189 million in the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $240 million, $28 million lower than the first quarter, but $18 million more than a year ago. Western Timberland delivered over 152 million of second-quarter EBITDA, $13 million lower than the first quarter, but $28 million higher than a year ago. Demand Western domestic logs remained favorable throughout the quarter as record lumber prices built continue purchases and average log sales realizations improved slightly. Pricing in some regions softened late in the quarter due to a seasonal increase in log supply from non-industrial landowners. However, many Oregon markets remained tangent as mills built log deck in advance of the third quarter fire season, which has begun earlier than usual. Fee harvest volume declined slightly compared with the first quarter. Unit logging and hauling cost increase due to rising fuel costs and longer hauling distances as snow diminish increase began to harvest higher elevation stand. Silviculture and road expenses also increased. This activity typically accelerates in the second quarter due to improved weather. Turning to our export markets, in Japan demand for our logs remain solid and average log sales realizations were comparable to the first quarter. Log sales volumes declined slightly due to timing of shipments. Compared with the year ago quarter, sales volumes were moderately higher and realizations improved substantially. In China sales volume increased nicely compared with the first quarter and average realizations were slightly higher, construction activity and daily log take away remain very solid and log inventories at Chinese ports declined during the quarter. Overall Chinese demand for our logs remains very favorable and our volumes and realizations were significantly higher than a year ago. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands contributed $84 million to second quarter EBITDA compared with $98 million in the first quarter. Average log sales realizations increased slightly due to a heavier mix of pulpwood and slightly lower pulpwood realizations; average realizations for southern saw logs were flat. Fee harvest declined 2% versus the first quarter and per unit harvest and hauling costs increased due to additional spinning activity and higher fuel costs. Other revenue also declined seasonally. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA declined due to higher fuel costs and lower average pulpwood realizations. Northern Timberlands contributed $3 million to EBITDA, $3 million less in the first quarter but a $1 million more than a year ago. Fee harvest volume declined seasonally as spring break up, limited activity in some areas, average realizations improved compared to the first quarter as strong lumber prices built demand for hardwood saw logs. Timberlands business is making good progress against this 2018 operational excellence initiatives and is on track to achieve its $40 million to $50 million OpEx target for the year. Key focus areas include improving the productivity of harvesting and hauling operations, reducing road cost, optimizing forestry spending and maximizing the revenue from every log we harvest. Real estate, energy and natural resources, Chart 7 and 8, real estate and E&R contributed $22 million to second quarter earnings and $47 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA was $6 million higher than the first quarter and $10 million more than a year ago. Contribution to earnings decreased slightly compared with the first quarter due to a higher average land basis for the mix of properties sold. Average price per acre increased significantly compared with the first quarter due to mix. Quarter acreage sales in Montana where Timberland prices are regionally lower. EBITDA from energy and natural resources increased compared with first quarter, due to seasonally higher sales of construction materials. The real estate business is solidly on track to meet or exceed its target 30% premium to timber value for 2018. Wood products, Charts 9 and 10. Wood products contributed $349 million to second quarter earnings before special items, nearly $100 million more than the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $385 million. This is the highest quarterly EBITDA ever for this business, an improvement of over 40% compared with a year ago. EBITDA for lumber totaled $195 million, 55 million more than the first quarter and over 50% more than a year ago. Compared with the first quarter our average sales realizations improved 9% and sales volume increased by nearly 11%. This was partially offset by higher Western and Canadian log costs. Lumber prices increased through much of the second quarter as strong building activity drove consistent demand and rail supply issues continue to constrain shipments for many Canadian producers. As rail service began to normalize late in the quarter, industry shipment volume increased with flaming lumber usage typically moderate - as the second quarter concluded, pricing and selling, while channel inventories recalibrate. All of the worst Canadian rail destructions have been resolved. Transportation logistics remain challenging for both rail and product shipment due to tight supply and strong summer times shipping demand. Our wood products team has done an outstanding job of inviting options such as direct tracking, additional reloads and rail car repositioning to flow product to customers and as of today we have cleared all of our shipment backlog. Second quarter charges for countervailing and anti-dumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber totaled $6 million, compared with $5 million in the first quarter. At our first quarter 2018 these duties are no longer reported as a special item. OSB contributed a $129 million to EBITDA, 37 million more than the first quarter and nearly 50% more than a year ago. Pricing rose throughout the quarter due to continued strong demand and average sales realizations increased about 17%. Sales volume increased 2% and fiber costs increased slightly. Engineered wood products contributed $58 million of EBITDA. $13 million more than the first quarter and $6 million more than a year ago. Average sales realizations improved approximately 3% compared with the first quarter as we continue to capture the benefit of our early 2018 price increase and sales volumes improved due to seasonally higher demand. Unit manufacturing costs were comparable to the first quarter as improved operating rate offset higher prices for oriented strand board. Distribution contributed $12 million to second quarter EBITDA $3 million more than the first quarter and slightly lower than one year ago due to higher fuel and labor costs. This business remained highly focused on managing costs and product margins. Second quarter with products result include one special item a net pretax charge of $20 million for finalization of remediation costs associated with our Flak Jacket product. Wood product is on track to achieve its OpEx target of $40 million to $60 million in 2018 teams are highly focused on reducing controllable costs, increasing by recovery, improving new reliability, enhancing product margins and maximizing the benefit of focused capital investment. I will now turn it over Russell to discuss some financial items and our third quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thank you, Doyle and good morning. The outlook for the third quarter is presented in Chart 13 of the earnings slides. In our Timberland’s business as customary, we expect our third quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be seasonally lower than the second quarter slightly higher than the third quarter a year ago. In our Western Timberlands operations, we expect third quarter fee harvest volumes will be comparable to the second quarter. Domestic law demand is expected to be stable during the third quarter with third quarter average sales realizations at level slightly below the second quarter average. Third quarter realizations could be higher if a severe fire season limits regional log supply during the quarter. Japanese export log volumes are expected to be comparable to the second quarter while average sales realizations are expected to be slightly lower. Overall we are seeing continued steady demand from our Japanese customers. Chinese export demand remains strong, however sales volumes are expected to soften, which is typical during the summer months. Long realizations are expected to be slightly lower. Western Road costs are expected to be seasonally higher, log and haul costs will also increase as we continue to harvest at higher elevations to the summer months, resulting in longer haul distances. Fuel costs are also expected to increase. In the South, we anticipate third quarter average sales realizations will be comparable to the second quarter and fee harvest volumes will be seasonally higher. Civil culture and forestry spending in the South is expected to increase as we perform more hardwood management and site prep work during the dry weather and continue our thinning activity. We also anticipate higher fuel cost and per unit log and haul expenses. In the North, we anticipate third quarter harvest volumes will be significantly higher than the second quarter, as we move past the spring break-up season. Real estate and energy and natural resources, earnings and adjusted EBITDA for the quarter are expected to be 35% to 40% higher than the second quarter. As is typical real estate business, markets are most active in the summer and fall months with the largest portion of sales closing in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect approximately $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our real estate and energy and natural resources business in 2018. Second quarter land basis as a percentage of real estate sales, was slightly higher than our full year guidance of 40% to 50% due to the mix of a acres sold. We now anticipate that land basis will be at the higher end of this range for the full year 2018. For wood products, we expect third quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be 10% to 15% lower than the second quarter, significantly higher than a year ago. This includes a $25 million impact from extended maintenance downtime at our Grayling OSB mill, as we undertake a scheduled press replacement. Although pricing is soften from record highs, we anticipate lumber and OSB prices will stabilize over the next few weeks and average realizations for the third quarter will be moderately lower than the second quarter average. Sales volumes for lumber should be comparable to the second quarter. The sales volumes for engineered wood products should increase. Third quarter OSB volumes will be approximately 10% lower than the second quarter due to the Grayling press replacement. Chart 11 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. The $26 million favorable variance in earnings before special items compared with first quarter is primarily attributable to the non-cash elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and life of reserve. During the first quarter, we incurred expenses as we built inventory of logs and lumber at higher prices; in the second quarter we began to deplete those inventories. Our unallocated pension and postretirement benefit costs also decreased; each year in the second quarter we finalize prior year end estimates for pension plan assets and liabilities. As a result of this work, we now expect to record a total of approximately $75 million in non-cash, non-operating pension and postretirement expense for the full year 2018, reduction of $25 million from our prior guidance. This should result in a non-operating pension and postretirement expense of approximately $19 million for each of the remaining quarters in 2018. Chart 12, summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $901 million, cash from operations during the second quarter was $597 million an increase of 461 million over the first quarter, which is typically the lowest cash flow quarter of the year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $97 million. We continue to expect total CapEx will be approximately $420 million, $300 million for wood products and $120 million for Timberlands. Moving on the debt. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.9 billion of debt outstanding. We have no remaining maturities in 2018. Moving on the taxes, we continue to expect our 2018 effective tax rate to be between 11% and 13% based on the forecasted mix of earnings. Finally I would like to update you on our share repurchase activity. During July, we have purchased $75 million or approximately two million shares an average price of $34.82 per share; as of yesterday we have 425 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Now, I will turn the call back to Doyle and look forward to your questions.
Doyle Simons: Thank you Russell. Our second quarter financial performance was the strongest in over a decade and I’m incredibly proud of the effort our teams have put into achieving these results. They reflect several years of hard work to capture OpEx opportunities. Improved relative performance in each of our businesses and position us to capitalize on the markets we are experiencing today. At the same time, we have significant runway ahead; our operational excellence work is not complete and with favorable housing fundamentals, strong market outlook and a relentless focus on improving our relative performance. We will be well-positioned to derive as much value as possible for shareholders. And now, I would like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning. Doyle you are generating record cash from wood products. You are very conservatively levered coming into the quarter and now you are kind of more under levered. I was wondering if you could talk about capital allocation, are there properties out there in the market that are potentially good value, are there parts of our portfolio that could be augmented through acquisition or Russell talked about your share repurchases in July. Are there opportunities to accelerate your buybacks is that a sign of things to come, kind of any thoughts you could share will be helpful.
Doyle Simons: Sure, let me talk about our how we think about capital allocation and our financial priorities. And first and foremost as we talk about as returning cash to shareholders. As you alluded to, as we continue to capitalize on strong marketing conditions and our OpEx improvements we are generating lot of cash. We are committed to returning cash to shareholders, primarily through a growing dividend. But also through opportunistic share repurchase as Russell just mentioned in last week or so we have repurchased $75 million of shares and we will continue to work very closely with our Board to review opportunities to continue to return cash to shareholders through a growing dividend, share repurchase or both. In terms of other uses, we are our CapEx is going to be roughly $420 million this year, probably similar level next year and then it will start to trend down. We will also look for growth opportunities. Anthony and as we said, those would be primarily in Timberland where we will be very disciplined in finding opportunities that we think create incremental shareholder value on a go forward basis. And with our land base that allows us to be very disciplined and very choosy as to what opportunities we look at from a growth perspective. And then finally in terms of capital allocation and you alluded to, it’s we are committed to maintain a strong balance sheet, but our balance sheet is in very good shape currently.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on wood product side, do you still expect to complete the black at the bottom initiative by year-end. And then where do you think wood products CapEx could shake out moving forward, kind of relative to the 300 million you expect this year and do you see opportunities after the work at the New York signal port for CapEx investments in your lumber mills.
Doyle Simons: So in terms of the CapEx, Anthony as you know we are about $300 million this year, I would anticipate a similar number next year and then start to trend down probably an ongoing number round numbers would be in the 250 range in terms of in terms of CapEx. In terms of additional opportunities, we will continue to find opportunities to spend capital in our wood product operation primarily to focus on driving - continuing to drive down cost and some of that $250 million will be spent on exactly those type of projects. In terms of black at the bottom and to just remind everybody what that is, when you go back and re-create the situation that occurred back in the last downturn. So we modeled that and we figure out what our cost structure needed to be to, if we have that type of situation again which none of us anticipate or hoped that we do. But if we do go through another recession that level, we wanted to make sure that our wood products operation would be positive cash flow and by the end of 2018, when we accomplish our $40 million to $60 million of OpEx we will be at the level where we would be black at the bottom if we went back into what we refer to as the great recession.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. I will turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian McGuire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian McGuire: Hey good morning everyone. Just want to ask on some of the inflationary cost pressures you talked about in like fuel and transportation in general, kind of are he worse one. But you know labor I suppose also probably seems to be tighten. Just wondered if you could comment on what trends at the exit of the quarter head into 3Q and the outlook for the back half of the year you are seeing, are you are expecting some pick up in those inflationary pressures and are there any opportunities to put in for charges or other things to sort of offset it or do you just let the market prices to take care of that?
Doyle Simons: So, as you just referenced, we are experiencing cost inflation, its primarily related to fuel and transportation, labor and input costs are also rising but to a much lesser extent. Just to give you a sense, those cost owned from a fuel and transportation were up less than $5 million in the second quarter versus the first quarter. So there are numbers, but we are doing everything we can to manage those and offset those that primarily through our OpEx efforts and things like improving our efficiency, our truck scheduling, capital and non-capital improvements to efficiency, of our materials usage all those type of things are things we are focused on to track to offset the inflationary costs that we are experiencing and probably will continue to experience for the next few quarters.
Brian McGuire: Okay, I appreciate that. Obviously in the quarter lumber and OSD prices gone pretty high it’s correct, lately just wondering maybe you can share your thoughts on where you think that the correction needs to eventually re-pace out at and how much of it is just tied to seasonality and how much of it is just tied to the better rail availability and logistics and better supply availability in general?
Doyle Simons: Sure and we have spent a lot of time thinking about this and let me kind of give your our perspective on what has happened in the lumber market this year. So if you start back in Q1 we had late inventories, we had continued growth and demand driven by housing that was partially offset by weather, you had supply constraints primarily due to transportation, so you had a positive pricing environment and prices worked nicely in the first quarter as we all know. You then moved into the second quarter, did have lean inventories, had strong demand driven by continued improvement in housing and seasonality, you had continued supply challenges, although the transportation got better late in the second quarter, but in the second quarter you had a very positive pricing environment and prices were up sharply. As we moved into the third quarter, inventories were still in good shape, but we had slower demand seasonally, we had the transportation challenges abating, resulting in more supply. So, not surprisingly pricing is pulling back which is normal seasonally. Looking forward to your point. While we continue to see some volatility, we anticipate the remainder of 2018 and 2019 that lumber prices will continue to be at favorable levels supported by lean inventories, strong U.S. housing demand and a lagging industry supply response. And in connection with what's happening right now as Russell said in his comments, prices are solved we anticipate that they will stabilize over the next few weeks and that's what we have built into our third quarter projections.
Brian McGuire: So stabilizing around current levels that maybe just modestly lower than moreover today is that about right?
Doyle Simons: Correct. That is correct.
Brian McGuire: Okay, that makes sense. Just one last one for me, team in housing starts were weak, we don’t want to make too much out of one month, lot of noise in the numbers, but some people were calling out maybe impact of higher lumber prices, maybe given some of the homebuilders pause and caution do you see any signs of that and do you think with this correction back in the lumber prices we might see some pick up back in that starts, actually now.
Doyle Simons: We heard some of that. You got to remember that you know only roughly 2% of the cost of a new house is attributable to lumber prices. So while I think it may have some effect on the margin both when it’s up and when its down, I don’t think that’s a big catalyst for what happens on the housing starts our housing sales numbers.
Brian McGuire: Okay. Thanks very much.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Thanks everyone. Good morning, thanks for all the details Doyle and team. Doyle maybe starting out big picture, I had a couple of nuts and bolts to follow. You have been through more than one cycle. What gives you comfort given your many years of experience and a lot of that in wood products, that this isn’t based on what we are seeing the markets concern is in the beginning of a bigger downturn. What gives you comfort based on your experience, putting aside we know what the longer term housing start number should be based on demographics, what base on your experience tells you this is a path that still has a lot of run way.
Doyle Simons: Well I think it’s all the things or some of the things that you just referred to. If you are talking specifically about housing George, it just is the demographics, it’s the wages, it’s all the things that ultimately drive demand for housing and all of those continue to be very positive. We spend a lot of time with our home builders, customers and they continue to be positive and are seeing good activity. If you are talking about the lumber OSB, I have learned anything and I think you know nice way is - what you say is the nice way of saying. I have been around a long time and I’m getting old and that’s correct. [Technical Difficulty]. The one thing I have learned George and I think you learned as well, the supply and demand ultimately is what matters and if you just look at, let’s just take lumber for example while there is additional supply coming on the south. The additional supply that is coming overall from a lumber overall prospective is less than its going to be needed to meet the demand if housing continues to grow with the rates we think is going to and supply and demand ultimately matters and that’s why we made the comments, I made it little bit earlier that we feel optimistic about lumber prices being generally favorable for the foreseeable future.
George Staphos: Alright. Thanks for that Doyle, I guess maybe to the point you are mentioning on supply and demand is one of the question I have is good segway. Can you comment on what you are operating rates look like over the back portion of the year again within the key wood products businesses and whether there has been a significant change in your outlook or the rates were running at in the first half of the year, just as for seasonality if you could. And then two quick and I will turn it over. One how do you define modestly down comes your pricing sensitivity would that be like within 5% from current level and then there is capacity going in panels, but it’s obviously not in OSB, it’s in MDF and other products that don’t really compete against yours and Grayling as well. But does that create any kind of labor competitive issues for you as you are operating there and bringing that new press on. Thank you guys, good luck in the quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, George, what I would tell you on operating rate is for the first half of the year lumbers run in the mid 90s pretty much flat, OSBs running in the mid 90 and ELP lowing running in the high 80s low 90s. And I would anticipate continued strong markets as we talked about and those type of rates going forward, excluding our scheduled maintenance, of course including scheduled maintenance of our Grayling mill being down the entire third quarter as we had previously announced. In terms of your last question regarding additional capacity coming online and what the impact that has on labor. Labor is a constant struggle, it’s something we spend a lot of time on, we feel like we have done a pretty good job on finding that labor that we need, but as additional capacity comes online that will continue to be a challenge going forward. I think to your other question George referenced what we think is going to happen with lumber and OSB prices and what we deem, but moderately I guess I would say as I think as we said earlier, we do think and had built into our third quarter numbers that prices will stabilize over the next few weeks. So that’s kind of what we have built in. I think it’s also important to realize, we are talking about averages-to-averages. So if you look at it right now our third quarter to-date averages, lumber and OSB are basically in line with the second quarter. Now clearly spot prices are down as we have talked about, but if you look at quarter-to-quarter I think it's important that you realize that there is some averaging that happens there in terms of what we built into those numbers.
George Staphos: Thank you very much Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman: Hey good morning. Maybe just sticking on pricing for a second, you are looking for pretty near term stabilization and I’m just wondering given that the recent - spend actually if anything in correlation of the decline. Are you seeing that I mean are you seeing those signs emerge or is that still somewhat hopeful that over the next few weeks incremental supply trend in Western Canada or whatever will work its way out?
Doyle Simons: Yes. Gail as you said, at least in the last week the decline has accelerated. So we are not yet seeing signs of that, but as we step back and look at supply and demand fundamentals we are and who knows right, but we are hopeful and we do anticipate that prices will stabilize. If they don't then we will need to adjust the numbers for that. Based on everything we know today prices ran up more than I think anybody anticipated in the second quarter, they are now recalibrating, we will see where that is, but fundamental supply and demand balance has not changed other than the timing issues.
Gail Glazerman: Alright. Then maybe shifting to southern. I guess with log and lumber market, last quarter you talked about seeing some pocket of tension perhaps starting to build on some of your log market and taking a step back, lumber production, the data is pretty lagged, but it’s only up for the 2% in the south through April, but it was up 10% in the west. I’m just wondering does that surprise you and are you seeing southern outputs starting to respond or do you think that’s really just capacity constraint, it doesn’t seem consistent with the operating rates being reported on industry level?
Doyle Simons: I think in the south Gail, our sense of what is happening there, there is a lot of additional capacity that you know that’s been announced, but it's taking a while to get that built and get that fully up and running. So I think that number will continue to grow as we move forward, but it’s just going to take a little time to get there.
Gail Glazerman: And on the log side are you still seeing some pockets of retention around where there has been announcements.
Doyle Simons: Yes. You know we are, we are encouraged about what we have seen, some of the pockets where new mills has started up and there is a mill and Weyerhaeuser, Mississippi where it started up and we have seen some tension in there and then in Georgia there's a couple mills that have been specifically announced not yet started, but we have seen some tensioning in that wood basket. So we are starting to see pocket tensioning and with that gets where additional capacity is either come online or been announced.
Gail Glazerman: Alright and just on last quick one. There has been a lot of headlines lately on labor negotiations at West, I’m just wondering if you can get some insight into where that’s stands.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So there had been some headlines regarding labor relations, we are negotiating with our labor union housing in the West, we are continuing to work with union leaders and we look forward to reaching an agreement on that front.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Thanks. Good morning all.
Doyle Simons: Good morning Collin.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Collin Mings: Going back to Anthony’s question just on capital allocation front. Just as you think about the affirmation strength in wood products the balance sheet and the progress toward the black of the bottom initiative has the thinking regarding tying a more sizable dividend bump to southern log prices evolved at all.
Doyle Simons: You know Collin as we said, we are generating a lot of cash in the Company. Right now we are spending a lot of time with our Board regarding how to best deploy that cash, as Russell talked about we have bought $75 million of shares back and will continue to work with our Board regarding the proper level of a dividend going forward. Southern Saw Log will be a factor, clearly that is considered an important factor, but it’s just one of many factors that we and the Board think about regarding the appropriate dividend level going forward.
Collin Mings: Okay. Switching over to wood products, recognizing there is some seasonality, but on EDP just how you think about the sustainability of kind of recent EBITDA generation from that segment in particular, because again it’s a very strong results during the quarter and kind of some - strength there.
Doyle Simons: Yes, we are encouraged by what we see in EWP, as you know Collin we had a price increase announced in early 2018, we have captured about half of that, we anticipate capturing the other half through the fourth quarter. Demand continues to be good for that for that product, our teams have done a really nice job of figuring out ways to lower cost and run more efficiently and more effectively in our EWP operations that were encouraged by what we have accomplished, but we think we still have some runway ahead of us.
Collin Mings: Okay and than just one last one for me, I will turn it over. Just can you expand on prepared remarks on Japan, it appears wooden construction starts there have been trending down year-over-year for several months. Just what are you doing from your customers in our market, how they responded is really the shrink in log prices in the specific North West over the last several months. Just if you could put a little bit more color on the Japan business just given how format is your export platform.
Doyle Simons: Sure and I will try to do that, it is important. What I would tell you is Japanese demand remains steady, log inventories are moderate, post in being - while general housing starts are down I think 4% year-to-date post in being which is our market is relatively stable, I think down 1%, 1.5% so far this year. Our outlook for third quarter is for stable volumes and slightly lower pricing and the other thing you should probably start to think about is there is another consumption tax increase scheduled for the fall of 2019 and we do typically see some demand pull forward and advance of such increases, assuming that actually plays out. So that’s kind of how we think about Japan.
Collin Mings: That’s helpful color. Thanks Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Good morning Doyle. Good morning Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning Mark.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Mark Wilde: Doyle just to kind of start out here, I wonder can you give us an update on your first half Southern log exports. I mean you have had some pretty aggressive targets for this year in terms of kind of year-over-year improvement in Southern log exports?
Doyle Simons: Yes, we are encouraged by what is happening in the Southern exports markets. We are continuing to grow our export business out of the south. as you know, we have been exporting Southern yellow pine from the Atlantic coast, that’s the India and China and then early this month in July we expanded our operations by starting up another program out of the Gulf South and fiscally New Orleans, where we are shipping to China from New Orleans. As we had originally said, we expect to triple the size of our export program in 2018 versus 2017 and we are on track to do that and as you look further out we think there's potential for significant additional upside as we move into 2019 and beyond.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then switching over to distribution, do you have any kind of read from your distribution business and what you kind of hear from others, just in terms of how full that distribution channel is right now. I know we have been lean in recent years, but I have been hearing when supply was tight in the first and second quarters maybe some distributors were placing multiple orders and now that product is starting to flow. The system is a little fuller?
Doyle Simons: Yes. I would say from inventory levels it’s kind of lean to normal, in that range is how I would characterize from a distribution perspective.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then if we look at not only your kind of I-joist and LVL volumes, but the industry numbers, not the APA, they are kind of flattish for the first half of this year, which is a little bit hard to reconcile with that housing start data that is out there. Have you got any thoughts on that?
Doyle Simons: You know what I would say is I think from a weather perspective and some other things that there has been challenges in your part of the world and the East if break it down between the East and West as we do, the West has been strong, the East has been a little weak. I think overtime that will rectify itself Mark, but you're right the numbers look a little out of sync, but I think is more of a timing and weather related issues than anything fundamental.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then the last one from me, there is a timber MLP at around Puget Sound that it’s got a large shareholder that's agitating for a sale. I’m just curious, are there any kind of practical or regulatory issues, with you expanding your land position around Puget Sound?
Russell Hagen: Mark this is Russell. There is no constraints as far as us being able to expand our ownership in the West.
Mark Wilde: And just any thoughts on the attractiveness of kind of the Northwest versus other parts of the U.S. like the South?
Russell Hagen: Well I mean the West is very attractive given where current log prices are at and where timber values are, but the South is also very attractive from the long-term investment perspective. So we look at both of those areas very closely. As Doyle mentioned we are in really every wood basket in the United States and we are very familiar with all the transactions that are out there and we look at everything if it makes sense and add shareholder value we will pursue them.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Fair enough. Good luck in the second half.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Doyle just one question. How do you think about the cyclicality of the real estate business these days and how these obviously strong, but I’m trying to get a handle on how much of a secular tailwind, do you think you have in that business. Given the reemphasizing you've done over the last couple of years.
Russell Hagen: So this is Russell. As far as our real estate business. We do have some tie-in but it’s just a cyclical nature of the housing market as we see some of our properties go into more - sold to developers, but a lot of our real estate activity is driven by higher and better uses of recreational uses, conservation uses, alternatives to commercial type timber operations. So while we do see a little bit of that. I think the overall trend really sits with the availability of discretionary spending from the buy side, we are seeing strong markets in the South and in the West for the for our real estate program.
Mark Connelly: So Russell do you think that’s going to be a continue source of growth or sort of steady performance.
Russell Hagen: You know our target is for $250 million of EBITDA from the real estate, energy and natural resources business and we have really positioned this business to run it for the long term. And so as we mentioned, we have gone through our ABO process, which is really our methodology of identifying that subset of bakers that have a higher value than commercial Timberland operations, and we position our portfolio really to sell through over the next 10 to 15 years. So Mark I think that's going to be a steady-state business with some upside as we see continued pricing appreciation.
Mark Connelly: Sure. Superb. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question from the line Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Wanted just to focus a little bit, you have kind be grouping with lumber together and some of the comments in terms of expecting stabilization, et cetera. But I see that maybe there are some different dynamics in the markets as well and wanted to get your feel on it. In particular there has been a lot of that peak capacity that has started up in the first part of the year. And curious as to whether or not you think that production is now being felt in the market and whether or not the likelihood of their being potentially divergent behavior between OSB and lumbar at least over the short to medium-term given me maybe some different dynamic on the capacity side, even if the demand drivers tend to be the same.
Doyle Simons: Mark good question and I think short-term, not medium-term or long-term, but short-term, there is a possibility for divergence for the reasons you outlined, there has been additional capacity that’s come online, it’s been slower to come online than anybody expect it, but it seems to now be happening. So I think in the in the very short term, you could see as we have said all along when it comes on it tends to be lumpy and you could see one of those lumps happening in the short-term. But if you look at it longer term essentially demand is growing at about a billion board feet a year, the plant is ramping up at roughly the same rate. Yes you are going to have these times where it gets chunky and you have a big chunk coming on at the same time, but if you just sit back again like I said in lumber and look at the supply and demand equation and the amount of growth and the amount of supply that’s coming online operating rates very high. It feels like we should experience favorable pricing for OSB going forward.
Mark Weintraub: Okay thank you. And then obviously lots of talk on trade war in China in particular as you think about potential implications for warehouse or what would you highlight?
Doyle Simons: Mark there is a lot of uncertainty as you very well know regarding trade policy and China tariffs. What I would tell you this point is the proposed tariffs on use case do not affect our export logs, thus far we have not seen any impacts to our business. If something does change we will figure out a way to manage through it, the bottom line is China does need to source some percentage of their logs from the United States on go forward basis?
Mark Weintraub: Okay that’s helpful. And just lastly, so I know the tax rate seems to be, if I’m doing my math right, it was a fair bit higher in the second quarter and that just caused you more money in the wood product business then you were expecting and then it comes back down in the second half of the year and looks like there is a $0.02 or $0.03 from a higher tax rate in the second quarter than what I would have expected?
Russell Hagen: Mark this is Russell. Yes that’s correct. We just generate more income in our taxable REIT subsidiary basically the wood products business, but the full year guidance is still 11% to 13%.
Mark Weintraub: Superb. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Hi yes, good morning Doyle, good morning Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning.
Chip Dillon: First question has to do with the strong cash generation in the quarter. I think you mentioned that the second quarter if I heard you right was technically not one of the stronger cash generation, I guess working capital builds up and taking your leverage down to 2.2 times and I guess the question is do you see more of that kind of cash generation in the second half, and secondly, as you think about the buyback situation versus acquisition, are we to kind of read into the 75 million and the fact that you're looking to do more on the buyback front, pretty much saying that it's more attractive to buy timber by buying your stock at current levels versus going out and buying land?
Russell Hagen: So this is Russell. Cash generation. We did have a strong quarter and it is our strongest quarter. I would say it's pretty consistent with our prior year trends as far as how that cash flow generation will look going forward; as far as the share repurchase you know as Doyle said, we are committed to the return on the cash flow there, and we will do this either through dividends and share repurchases. So we have an opportunity in July to get into the market and by 75 million worth of shares and this is part of overall capital allocation strategy. So whether it would be dividends or share repurchase or investing in a business they are all tied together.
Doyle Simons: And Chip we are confident of weighing the benefit of share repurchase versus potential acquisitions as a constant analysis that we do and we will continue to do because just as Russell said it’s all tied together and we are trying to figure out how to allocate capital to create the most value for shareholders going forward.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then second quick question is I think Russell mentioned in his comments that EBITDA and OSB would be down I think 10% sequentially due to the downtime tied to the press replacement. Did I hear that correctly, was that a way of saying that it would have been 10% lower in this past quarter or you are kind guiding us to $110 million number and if that's the case, how confident are you given the volatility that we typically see in OSB prices.
Russell Hagen: So to be very clear on this, what we said was that the impact from the grayling being down for the entire quarter on EBITDA would be $25 million. We also said that volume out of OSB would be 10% less than it was a year ago, based on grayling being down for the quarter.
Chip Dillon: Okay. That’s very clear. Thanks for that clarification. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Chercover: Thanks good morning. I have got couple of questions and I guess the answer is number two was contingent on number one. So first of all, get ready. High level of earnings generated by wood products and maybe real estate too, is it jeopardizing the weak status. I mean, as I recall there used to be some threshold that the TRS could exceed I think it was 15%.
Russell Hagen: So Steve this is Russell. So we have plenty of room in our REIT overall retail some income and assets has even with the elevated income generation in the taxable subsidiary, so that's not a concern of ours.
Steven Chercover: Okay terrific and even if we would have keep going its kind current levels that would remain the case.
Russell Hagen: We really don’t have a concern with that.
Steven Chercover: Okay which means let me get to number two. Have you looked into any expanding your Wood Products beyond EWP and perhaps into cross laminated timber or some of the panelized construction that I think WRECO used to actually do?
Russell Hagen: Yes this is Russell. As far as the wood products portfolio, we are very happy with the way its configured and set that it has with Timberland. As far as expanding even further downstream onto CLT or some of these other emerging wood products businesses, again we were very focused on what we do well, in each one of our wood products businesses were performing very well. We definitely welcome the emergence of those new products in the industry is CLT will pull on lumber demand, which also improves overall log demand. But it's not an area that we would expand into readily.
Steven Chercover: Great. Thanks Russell.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC.
Paul Quinn: Yes, thanks very much. Good morning guys.
Russell Hagen: Good morning Paul.
Paul Quinn: Hey, I just had one question, I just wanted to dive in a little bit on the supply demand on lumber side. Lots of announcements have been made on capacity additions to the market and just what you're feeling is on whether they will all come up and your sense from the equipment side, you know, when you deal with that equipment vendors what their orders files are like and how easy it is to bring on capacity.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So Paul, I think they will, all of them are strong work, but I think nearly all of them and I think we probably will see additional announcement as we move forward just because we as an industry are going to need the additional supply to meet the demand. So pretty encouraged by what we see there. And like I said I think nearly all of the ones that have been announced will in fact happen, and we could even have additional announcements as we move forward. With that said, I think to your second point and it’s going to take longer than most people factored in to get those up and fully running. Fortunately our two big projects Dierks and Millport were kind of ahead of the curve. So were able to secure the contractors and as you know we will be starting both of those up fairly shortly and in good shape. But I can tell you, in talking to contractors and just getting filled for order files. They are full, they are very full. So as a result, I think some of our competitors who have announced these mills it’s potentially going to take longer and maybe cost a little more than they originally anticipated.
Paul Quinn: Great. Thanks for that. Best of luck.
Doyle Simons: Alright, thank you.
Doyle Simons: If I understand it that is our last question. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call and for your interest in Weyerhaeuser and hope everybody has a good day and good weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Weyerhaeuser second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Baum – Senior Director of Investor Relations Doyle Simons – Chief Executive Officer Russell Hagen – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari – Citi George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Maguire – Goldman Sachs Gail Glazerman – Roe Equity Research Salvator Tiano – Vertical Research Collin Mings – Raymond James Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets Steve Chercover – D.A. Davidson Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Mark Connelly – Stephens Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Beth Baum: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s first quarter 2018 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Beth and welcome everyone. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter net earnings of $269 million or $0.35 per diluted share on net sales of $1.9 billion. First quarter results include net after-tax charges of $6 million for special items. Excluding special items, we earned $275 million or $0.36 per diluted share. This is an improvement of 18% compared with the fourth quarter and 65% higher than a year ago. I’m extremely pleased with our first quarter performance as we fully capitalize on strong lumber, OSB and Western log markets to drive outstanding results including the highest first quarter wood product EBITDA on record. Adjusted EBITDA for the company totaled $544 million, 20% more than a year ago and comparable to fourth quarter. Before I discuss our business results in more detail, let me make a few comments regarding the housing market. The housing market continues to grow at a healthy rate. Total housing starts for the first quarter average 1.32 million units on a seasonally adjusted annual basis the highest quarterly average since the second quarter of 2007. This is particularly notable given that a challenging winter delayed the start of the building season and a portion of the eastern United States. Year-to-date, total housing starts have improved 8% compared with a year ago and single family starts are up 7%. Permit activity is also healthy with total permits averaging over 1.3 million for the first quarter. Activity in the West has been particularly strong including in California where permit activity has increased 47% through February compared with a year ago. Builder confidence is high and our customers are reporting a strong start to the spring selling season supported by continued employment growth, rising wages, historically strong consumer confidence and growing participation by the millennial home buyer. The consistent optimism we hear from our customers reinforces our confidence that the housing market is well positioned to manage labor and lot challenges and build on it solid upward trajectory. For 2018, we continue to expect approximately 1.3 million total housing starts with single family start up nearly 10%. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with Timberlands Charts 4 to 6. Timberlands contributed $189 million to earnings before special items, $23 million more than the fourth quarter and $41 million more than a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $268 million. Western Timberlands delivered $165 million of first quarter EBITDA, $25 million more than the fourth quarter and $32 million more than a year ago. Western domestic market conditions were favorable throughout the quarter as strong lumber prices drove solid demand for logs. Mill inventory levels were moderate in most regions although log supply in southern Oregon remained tight due to continue winter weather. Pricing for domestic logs strengthen through the quarter. The harvest volume decline slightly compared with the fourth quarter, which had included fire season catch up volume. Forestry expenses were seasonally lower. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, log sales volumes and realizations improved nicely compared with the fourth quarter. Demand for our logs remained very solid as our customer sales volumes are strong. Compared with the year ago quarter sales volumes were slightly higher and realizations improved substantially. In China average realizations were flat compared with fourth quarter, while sales volumes decline modestly as construction activity paused seasonally for the Lunar New Year. Log inventories at Chinese ports increased during the Lunar New Year period but take away bounce back sharply if construction activity resumed and we anticipate inventories were returned to normal levels over the next several months. Overall, Chinese demand for our logs remains very solid and our volumes and realizations are substantially higher than a year ago. Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands contributed $98 million to first quarter EBITDA comparable to the fourth quarter despite a seasonal decline in the harvest volume. The harvest declined 8% compared with fourth quarter but it increased 6% from the first quarter of last year. Challenging wet weather in several regions created market opportunities in the quarter as operability was limited and mill inventory decline below the target levels. Our teams did an exceptional job of leveraging our significant scale to flex volume take advantage of available harvest settings and increase deliveries to key customers while simultaneously ensuring adequate log decks at our own mills. For example, on one weekend a team in the Gulf South delivered over 200 truckloads of logs to one of our lumber mills while continuing to fulfill commitments to all other customers. Average sales realizations for southern sawlog and pulpwood increase slightly compared with the fourth quarter. Our per unit harvest and hauling costs decreased modestly as we flex to more accessible harvest settings and forestry costs declined due to wet weather. Northern timberlands contributed $6 million to EBITDA, $3 million less than the fourth quarter. The harvest volumes declined seasonally and average realizations were comparable to the fourth quarter. The Timberlands business is making good progress against this 2018 operational excellence initiative and is on track to achieve it’s $40 million to $50 million OpEx target for 2018. Our teams continue to generate and implement ideas to improve the productivity of harvesting and hauling operations, reduce the road maintenance and construction cost, optimize spending on forestry activities and ensure we maximize the revenue from every log we harvest. Real estate, energy and natural resources, Charts 7 and 8. Real Estate & ENR contributed $25 million to first quarter earnings and $41 million to adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA was $46 million lower than the fourth quarter but comparable to a year ago. Fourth quarter is typically our seasonally strongest quarter while first quarter usually reflects the lowest level of transaction activity. Average price per acre sold increased compared with the fourth quarter due to mix. Over half of the acre sold in first quarter of 2018 was located in Montana, where Timberland prices are regionally lower. In contrast the majority of sales in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2017 were located in the U.S. South. EBITDA from energy and natural resources declined slightly compared with fourth quarter due to seasonally lower sales of construction materials. The real estate business is well positioned to meet or exceed its 30% targeted premium to timber value for 2018. Wood products, Charts 9 and 10, wood products contributed $250 million to first quarter earnings before special items, $29 million more than the fourth quarter and $78 million more than a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $286 million, this is the highest first quarter EBITDA own record for this business and an improvement of nearly 40% compared with the year ago. Canadian rail transportation remained a challenge throughout the quarter and our Wood Products team did an outstanding job of devising creative ways to mitigate the disruptions about repositioning, available rail cars and shifting volume to trucks. Although the overall effect on our first quarter results was relatively minimal we did experience some shipment delays resulting in lower sales volumes for lumber and OSB compared with a year ago. EBITDA for lumber totaled $140 million, $24 million more than the fourth quarter and over 40% more than a year ago. Lumber pricing rose steadily during the first quarter as demand remained very solid. Channel inventories were low and transportation delays limited availability. Compared with the fourth quarter our average sales realizations improved 7% and sales volumes increased 3%. This was partially offset by higher Western oil cost. First quarter adjusted EBITDA for lumber includes charges of $5 million for countervailing and anti-dumping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. The duties are calculated based on the final combined rate of 20.23% and are no longer reported as a special item. OSB contributed $92 million to EBITDA, $12 million lower than the fourth quarter but 40% more than a year ago. Compared with the fourth quarter a 6% decline in average sales realizations was partially offset by a 6% increase in sales volumes. Engineered wood products contributed $45 million to EBITDA and $11 million more than the fourth quarter and $8 million more than a year ago. Average sales realizations improved 1% to 2% compared with the fourth quarter as we began to capture the benefit of our first quarter price increase. Sales volumes for solid section products improved due to seasonally higher demand but I-joist volumes declined as East Coast sales lagged due to winter weather. Manufacturing costs decreased due to lower prices for oriented strand board. Distribution contributed $15 million to first quarter EBITDA, the best quarter results ever reported for this business. EBITDA improved $10 million compared with the fourth quarter and $7 million more – and $7 million compared with a year ago. This business continues to focus on managing cost and product margins. Fourth quarter Wood Products results include one special item, a pretax benefit of $20 million from product remediation insurance proceeds. Each of the Wood Products businesses made good progress on their respective OpEx initiatives during the quarter, with teams focused on reducing controllable costs, improving mill reliability, enhancing product margins and maximizing the benefit of focused capital investments. We continue to expect collective OpEx benefits of $40 million to $60 million from this segment in 2018. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook. Russell Hagen Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the second quarter is presented in Chart 13 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we’re expecting second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly higher than second quarter of last year but approximately $25 million lower than the first quarter due to normal seasonality. In our Western Timberland operations, we expect second quarter fee harvest volumes will be comparable to the first quarter. We anticipate slightly higher log sales realizations will be more than offset by seasonally higher unit logging costs and increased road and forestry costs. Log and haul costs will increase due to the planned shift of harvest activity to higher elevations in the spring months. Western road costs are expected to be higher than the first quarter due to additional road Zbuilding activities, which is typical in the second quarter. Japanese export log sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the first quarter while sales volumes are expected to decline modestly due to the timing of shipments during the second quarter. We are seeing continued steady demand from our Japanese customers. Chinese export log volumes are expected to increase in the second quarter as construction activity has picked back up, following the February holidays. We anticipate average sales realizations will decrease slightly compared with the first quarter. In the South, we anticipate second quarter average sales realizations and fee harvest volumes will be comparable to the first quarter. Per unit log and haul costs are expected to be higher in the second quarter due to additional thinning activities and increased fuel and trucking costs. Silviculture spending in the South is expected to increase, which is typical coming into the spring season. In the North, we anticipate second quarter harvest volumes will be significantly lower than the first quarter due to spring break-up. Average sales realizations are expected to increase modestly compared to the first quarter. Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter are expected to be comparable with the first quarter. As is typical for the Real Estate business, the summer and fall months are the most active selling seasons, with the largest portion of sales closing in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect approximately $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources business in 2018. First quarter land bases, as a percentage of real estate sales, was slightly lower than our full year guidance of 40% to 50% due to the mix of acres sold. We continue to expect that land bases, as a percentage of real estate sales, will be between 40% and 50% for the full year 2018. For Wood Products, we anticipate second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be significantly higher than the first quarter earnings before special items. Sales volumes are expected to increase quarter-over-quarter for all product lines. We expect slightly higher average sales realizations for lumber and significantly higher sales realizations for OSB, partially offset by higher Western log cost. Engineered wood products sales realizations will also be higher as we continue to capture the 6% to 12% price increase we announced early in the first quarter. Operating rates are expected to improve in the second quarter with a seasonal increase in demand. Overall, we expect adjusted EBITDA for our Wood Products segment to improve approximately 15% to 20% compared to the first quarter if lumber and OSB pricing remain at or near current levels for the balance of this quarter. Looking forward, we expect to take maintenance downtime in the third quarter at our Grayling OSB mill as we undertake a scheduled press replacement. As a result of this extended outage, we currently expect our third quarter OSB sales volumes will be approximately 10% lower than the third quarter of 2017. Chart 11 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. Adjusted EBITDA decreased compared with the fourth quarter due to the higher non-cash charges for elimination of intercompany profit in inventory and LIFO. This was primarily driven by increasing values for softwood lumber and Western logs and seasonally higher inventory volumes. As stated in our prior earnings call, our pension and post-retirement benefit costs increased in the first quarter. We continue to expect to record approximately $100 million of non-cash, non-operating pension and post-retirement expense for the full year 2018. First quarter unallocated items also included a pretax special charge of $28 million for environmental remediation associated with a formally owned mill site. Chart 12, summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $598 million. Cash from operations from the first quarter was $136 million. The first quarter is usually our lowest operating cash flow quarter due to inventory and other working capital build as well as the timing of semiannual interest payments. Capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled $81 million. We continue to expect total CapEx will be approximately $420 million, $300 million for Wood Products and $120 million for Timberlands. Moving on to debt. We ended the quarter with approximately $5.9 billion of debt outstanding. We repaid $62 million maturity during the quarter using available cash and we have no remaining maturities in 2018. Interest expense was $93 million in the first quarter. We expect interest expense of approximately $380 million for the full year. Moving on to taxes. We continue to expect our 2018 effective tax rate to be between 11% and 13% based on the forecasted mix of our earnings. Now I’ll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Russell. First quarter was an outstanding quarter for Weyerhaeuser, and we have much more opportunity ahead. With a strong housing market trajectory, favorable market dynamics across our Timberlands and Wood Products businesses and a culture focused on operational excellence, we have the tools and runway to further improve on these strong financial results. Looking forward, we are relentlessly focused on capturing the full benefit of the opportunities in front of us in 2018 and beyond to drive as much value as possible for our shareholders. And now I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: From a big picture perspective, you’re generating record cash from the Wood Products business and leverage seems fairly conservative to hear. I’m wondering if you could just share how you’re thinking about capital allocation at this point? And with regards specifically to maybe acquiring timberlands, how would you weigh opportunities that maybe you’re seeing in the South versus maybe just repurchasing your own shares? You still have, I think, $0.5 billion roughly on the share repurchase authorization.
Doyle Simons: Anthony, good question. And our financial priorities remain unchanged, first and foremost. We’re committed to returning cash to shareholders. As we continue to capitalize on very favorable market conditions and our OpEx improvements, we’re expecting strong cash flow generation for 2018. Our board will continue to regularly view opportunities to return cash to shareholders and this may come in the form of a increased dividend or as you pointed out, opportunistic share repurchases as appropriate. And we do have $500 million of authorization. Secondly, we’ll continue to invest in our businesses. As you know, we’re going to invest roughly $420 million back into our businesses this year. And then in addition, we’ll look at growth opportunities going forward, primarily in Timberland but we’ll be very disciplined in terms of growth opportunities as we move forward to make sure any acquisition that we may make would be value accretive for our shareholders. And then finally, our balance sheet, as you know, is in really good shape. So that’s kind of how we think about capital allocation.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just a clarification on the 2Q outlook. I think you’re expecting higher average sales realizations for lumber and OSB. I know that you have maybe a little bit of lag with Random Lengths. Do you expect with kind of lumber and OSB prices in 2Q could maybe stay roughly in the same range that they are where they are currently here at the end of April? Or do you think those spot prices might decline or step down a little bit in 2Q as some of these kind of weather and transportation issues resolve themselves?
Russell Hagen: Yes. So let me answer that in a couple of ways. Number one, just to give you a sense, as you said, there is a lag and as prices have moved up, it takes some time to catch up. Number two, just to give you a sense of where we are currently, quarter-to-date in lumber pricing, we’re up roughly $10 versus the first quarter average and quarter-to-date in OSB, we’re up roughly $40. As we look out, we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the markets. Fundamentally, the improvement in pricing and the markets overall is being driven by continued growth and demand, which is being driven by the improvement in housing and thin inventories across the system. In the first quarter, we all know we had some transportation issues. It’s going to take a while, a couple of quarters, for those to fully resolve in the industry. And as that additional capacity comes online, our additional inventory comes online, is going to be coming online in a period which is a stronger building season. We did have some disruptions on the demand side during the first quarter due to weather. Those should be behind us and we’ll be moving into a stronger building season. So as we factor all that in, we’re pretty optimistic about prices for lumber and OSB as we move through the balance of the year.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That’s very helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Couple or three questions and thanks for all the details. I guess, the first question, Doyle, obviously, it sounds like weather and transportation impacted the volume trends that you otherwise would have seen in the first quarter. Is there a way to put a number, an approximate one, in terms of what your shipments would have looked like if you had a more normal, both logistics and weather environment, in the first quarter, recognizing it’s wintertime every time in the first quarter? But what do you think you might have lost in terms of volume trends in the quarter?
Doyle Simons: Yes, let me – rather than answering it in volume trends, let me try to answer it in terms of dollar impact on the quarter, George. And our best guess – and as you indicated, there’s lots of moving parts, but our best guess is that weather had a roughly $5 million – and I’m talking about our Wood Products group, had a roughly $5 million negative impact in the first quarter. And that the transportation challenges, specifically rail in Canada, had a $5 million impact. So the total of those two things is probably a $10 million – roughly a $10 million impact on our first quarter versus what you would call a more normal first quarter, if there is such a thing.
George Staphos: Okay. Appreciate that Doyle. Second question, obviously, you have a couple of projects coming to maturation over the next year or so with Dierks and Millport. What ability do you have within your system as it’s currently constructed, in other words, no new, no steel and concrete? But given what you have right now to tweak your capacity, where would you have more flexibility whether it be in lumber – that’s where I’d guess, but waiting on your answer, or OSB or wherever, should demand continue to, hopefully, it’s a high-class problem, materialize positively.
Doyle Simons: Yes, great question. And you’re right, the biggest opportunity is in lumber. We will have both Dierks and Millport coming online as we move to late this year and in early next year. Those will increase our capacity by roughly 6%. And then on top of that, George, just through ongoing capital and just running better, we think we can increase our capacity by another 2% to 3% on top of that 6% that’s going to come from Millport and Dierks. So that’s our biggest opportunity on the volume side as we move forward.
George Staphos: Okay. And just for clarification, 2% to 3% is an annual figure or that’s total over the rest of the cycle?
Doyle Simons: Now thank you for the clarification. That is an annual figure, 2% to 3%.
George Staphos: I’ll turn it over, I’ll come back with an additional question later. Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Good morning everyone.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire: My first question, just looking at Chart 5, I’m sort of struck by the huge gap between Western and Southern log prices. And it’s always been a big gap, but we’ve opened up to about $100 a ton difference. Just I know they’re sort of different markets to a large degree. But I just wondered if there’s – if you’ve ever seen a gap this wide before, and if there’s ever – if there’s really a point where you or others could look to arbitrage that? I mean, I know shipping costs overland are prohibited, but just also thinking about the export market and some of the opportunities you’re trying to create out of the South, just wondering if the super wide gap that’s opened up could potentially just change some of the thinking behind what a Western market is and what a Southern market is.
Doyle Simons: Brian, so you’re right, there is a large gap. We’ve been very encouraged by what’s happened in the West and think there is additional opportunity as we move forward. In terms of arbitrage for the reasons you identified, very difficult because of the high cost of trucking logs from one portion of the United States to another. I think more likely what’s going to happen is you’re going to see that gap close as Southern log prices start to move in. And as we think about Southern log prices, Brian, we’re actually encouraged by what we see in the South, and we are starting to see some very early signs of pricing improvement in markets. If you say, well, what are the key drivers of that? Number one, continued growth in demand, and you heard what we had to say about our optimism about housing. Number two is the declining share of – declining Canadian share of the U.S. market. That’s 26% year-to-date versus 30% last year. Third and very importantly is all the new Wood Products capacity that’s coming online. Specifically, the 4-plus billion board feet of capacity additions that are coming online 2017 to 2020. Just to give you a sense, that’s 20% of Southern capacity. And as that new capacity comes online, we expect to see those specific wood baskets tension and put upward pressure on sawlog pricing overall. And in fact, we’re already starting to see that in a couple of areas with new capacity. One is in Central Mississippi, where the new Beuren mill is up and running and prices have moved up over there. And then secondly, even in markets where the capacity isn’t up and running yet, but it’s been announced, for example, the Warrenton, Augusta, Georgia area, the new mill announcements by GP and Canfor have already caused that wood basket to tension. And then the final thing, which is regarding your comment on the Southern export markets, we are making really good progress in developing our export business out of the Southern U.S. We’re already running an export program on the Atlantic Coast out of Charleston and Wilmington, and we’re also working to establish a new program out of the Gulf South, which we expect to have up and running in a few months. We expect to triple the size of our export program in 2018, which we did – try to mention that, would be comparable to a midsized sawmill. And we think there is meaningful potential for significant additional upside in both China and India going forward. So that’s how we think about the South. And to your original question, we think that gap will close over time as a result of improving Southern log prices.
Brian Maguire: And just related to that, the exports that you are starting to see out of the South, are the realizations there comparable to Southern realizations? Or are you seeing any signs of a little bit better pricing because it’s the export market? You’re recognizing that your shipping costs are going to be higher obviously. But netting that against the shipping costs, will the netbacks to the mill on exports be comparable to other Southern sales that you you’ve got?
Doyle Simons: What I would say is, to date, they’re comparable to a little bit better.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just one last one from me on just the Timberland markets themselves. It seems like – recently, some others have written about transaction activity being really slow, really – starting maybe in the second half of 2017 continuing into 2018. Just wondering if you’re seeing that also as you bring some parcels to land – some land parcels to market. And any sense what could break that logjam? Is it prices that need to move lower or do people need to feel a bit better about the housing markets or interest rates? Just any color you can give on that would be helpful.
Russell Hagen: Sure, Brian. This is Russell. I’m going to break it into two pieces. One, I think you’re asking a little bit about our Real Estate program. That’s definitely a different market than the Timberlands, the broader Timberland market. So just on Real Estate on the first quarter, it was comparable to last quarter. Second quarter should be comparable to first quarter, and then we’ll start seeing activity pick up as people get into the marketplace. And then we’ll see a majority of that closings in the fourth quarter. And that’s pretty typical for the Real Estate business. On the Timberland side, it has been a slow first quarter, and that’s pretty typical also. We would expect that the transaction volume for 2018 will be comparable to 2017. We are seeing fewer transactions or fewer offerings in the market kind of in the beginning. But I think that will start loosening up as some of the TIMOs start bringing some of their properties out of some of the funds that are terminating or coming to full life. But overall, we think the market should pick up in the second half of the year.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman: Hey Good morning. I guess, I just wanted to dig into the lumber and OSB markets a little bit more and the impact, just maybe psychological impact of some of the supply shortages. I guess, one, can you just give a little more color on where inventories started the year on both the producer and the customer side and where you think they are currently? And just any – maybe a little bit more color, you did try to lay out the argument as to why maybe things won’t get worse. But as that – as those inventories do clear from Western Canada, how confident are you that the market will be able to absorb it without kind of easing off some of that panic that was in the market earlier?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So as you look at inventories, Gail, other than the build and mills in Canada, inventories throughout the system remain very lean, both for lumber and OSB. In terms of the – those inventories at the mills becoming available, I would tell you all indications are that’s going to take some time. Seeing railway is hiring more people, putting in new cars, but they’ve indicated it’s not going to be until the third quarter until that actually starts to make an impact. So I think that additional inventory that’s at the mills is going to come online over time, not in one big chunk. And it’s going to come online at a time, as I said, where we’re going to need more because if we’re going to be in the seasonally strong period when we have winter weather behind us and there will be more building activity.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And then just switching gears. Realize you have the $20 million insurance recovery in the quarter. There was a headline earlier in the week that kind of suggests that maybe you’re having some issues. And could you just give an update on where – about a court case kind of seeking $260 million. Can you just put some color on that and where you stand?
Doyle Simons: Yes, the court case – all it was, was there was a filing to clarify venue for any disputes that may arise regarding coverage. We’re pleased with the progress we’ve made. We’ve recovered $20 million in the first quarter, another $5 million so far in the second quarter. And we remain confident that we will recover a significant portion of the costs associated with Flak Jacket ultimately.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Just one last one. Obviously, somewhat of a moot point, given the delivery issues in the quarter. But just your latest thinking and what you’re hearing on the trade dispute and how that fits into current NAFTA negotiations.
Doyle Simons: Say that again, Gail. I’m not sure I followed your question.
Gail Glazerman: Just your current thinking on the softwood lumber trade dispute and where that may or may not be impacted relative to current NAFTA negotiations.
Doyle Simons: Yes, good question. So the SLA negotiations have been sidelined due to the focus on NAFTA. The two are not, as you know, directly linked, but there have not been ongoing discussions. Bottom line is we remain hopeful that, over time, we will be able to reach a quota-based agreement.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Hi, guys. This is Salvator Tiano filling in for Chip. How are you?
Doyle Simons: Good. How are you doing this morning?
Salvator Tiano: Great. So a couple of questions. Number one, just clarify, to dig a little bit deeper into George’s earlier question. On OSB and lumber sales, you mentioned I think a $10 million combined hit, but how should we be thinking in terms of what can be recovered in the second quarter? Is there anything that’s just been pushed there and we can see even stronger volumes? Or is this also higher expense-related and there’s nothing you can do about it anymore?
Doyle Simons: Well, if it’s product that was made that we weren’t able to ship for whatever reason, that could show up in the second quarter. If it was weather-related and we weren’t able to make it, which was – we did have some downshifts in the – primarily in the Southern U.S. during the first quarter, not able to make that up. So I would say it’s a combination of both.
Salvator Tiano: Can you provide kind of any clarification with regard to – out of this $10 million, what can be recovered? Or is it something you cannot comment?
Doyle Simons: I would say a portion of it will be recovered in the second quarter. Not able to quantify that exactly.
Salvator Tiano: Okay. Understood. And the second big picture question here. Just wanted to get your thinking now that we’re seeing indeed more lumber mills coming via South. What do you think will be required to start seeing higher timber prices there in terms of perhaps additional projects, the inventory – kind of the log inventory clearing? What is your thinking towards moving to higher prices on a more sustainable basis?
Doyle Simons: Yes. As we said earlier, we’re encouraged by what we are seeing in the South. A key driver of that is the additional capacity that is coming online. The additional amounts, roughly 4-plus billion board feet, which is 20% add in the South, that’s – we’re encouraged by that. That, combined with the increase in the Southern export market, less lumber coming in from Canada and just, very importantly, the overall improvement in demand driven by housing growing at 7%, 8%, 9%, all are positive things that are going to result in us reaching that point where – the inflection point where we will start to see improvement in southern log prices. And as I mentioned earlier, we’ve already started to see some slight improvement in some select markets where additional capacity has either come online or decided to come online.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Hey, good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Collin.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Collin.
Collin Mings: First question. Doyle, you touched on this already on the – really the Canadian side of things, but you guys were pretty successful delivering results in 1Q despite some of the cost pressures out there. Can you maybe just talk a little bit more about the trucking and labor cost pressures? You discussed that in detail a little bit last quarter. How are those kind of looking as you go into 2Q now?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So from a trucking perspective, truck availability continues to be challenging across the U.S. and Canada. We expect, as we indicated in the – in our earlier call, that we expect these challenges to persist. And trucking rates are, in fact, increasing somewhere in the 5% to 8% range, but we are working really hard to mitigate those cost increases through OpEx. And then in terms of labor, that’s just going to be a constant headwind. But again, a lot of work that’s going on there to make sure that we’re all setting that through OpEx. And then the final thing I would highlight is things like resin costs are going to be a headwind as well. But we’ll work to either – both to primarily to reduce our usage of resin to the extent we can and other ways to offset that cost pressure.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then just switching to the Real Estate front. I mean, you noted in the past that there have been some maybe government funding issues that was keeping a lid on sales activity, to some extent, on the Real Estate side. Any change or any sense that, that is changing on the margin at all? Or again, do you expect that to kind of be a headwind relative to maybe what adjusted EBITDA from that segment would have been otherwise?
Russell Hagen: Collin, this is Russell. You’re correct, the federal budget include $200 million for conservation funding. That’s a real positive. But those types of transactions take a little bit of time to form up, and so we would expect to see the benefit of that coming in really in 2019. As far as our outlook for 2018, as we stated, we still – we expect to hit the $250 million of EBITDA for the Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources business. And meet our premium targets of 30%.
Collin Mings: All right. That’s it from me. Congrats on the quarters guys.
Russell Hagen: Thanks, Collin.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Mark.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I want to just start out by you saying that I think this Wood Products performance is pretty impressive. Because if you look back the last time you were running like this was in the mid-2000s and we had much higher housing starts and the Weyerhaeuser footprint was much bigger in Wood Products.
Doyle Simons: Thank you for saying that Mark. Our folks have done a lot of really hard work to get to where we are today. More to do, but appreciate that acknowledgment.
Mark Wilde: Yes. I wondered, Doyle, you’ve talked for the last three or four years about this goal of kind of black at the bottom. Where would you say you are on that metric right now? We know they’re not going to always be great.
Doyle Simons: They’re not always going to be great and that’s the way we’re running our company and, specifically, the Wood Products group. We’ve made a lot of progress in that front. And basically, just remind everybody what we’ve done is gone back and recreated the results that were during the last recession. Hopefully, we never go back to those. But making sure that we have a cost structure in place that if we do go back to that – that type of situation, that we would be generating positive cash flow. Very encouraged by the progress we’ve made there as a result of the OpEx work. We were roughly 90% there at the end of 2017 and anticipate being 100% of the way to being black at the bottom by the end of 2018. So a lot of really good work, a lot of good progress on that. And Mark, you’re right. We know things won’t stay this way forever, but the beauty of the work we’ve done, it allows us to fully capitalize on the upside, but also, when this thing does roll over, which we know it ultimately will, we will be in a cash flow positive position on a go-forward basis.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then I noted, Doyle, in response to an earlier question about acquisitions, you said that, primarily, you would be focusing on Timberland but you didn’t say exclusively. If you were going to do things in building products, can you just give us some sense of what’s your criteria would be?
Doyle Simons: Sure, Mark. So we’ll – like I said, we will be focused primarily on Timberland. But we do think there may be opportunities for what I would call more bolt-on acquisitions in Wood Products that some of the key criteria would be if it fit into our wood basket, that would be a positive. But even more than that, it would be making sure that we were acquiring a mill or a set of mills at a price where we could generate long-term value for our shareholders on a go-forward basis. So we’ll continue to actively look for those type of bolt-on acquisitions. Most assets, I think, are pretty fairly valued right now from a Wood Products perspective, but we’ll continue to look but be disciplined in acquisition opportunities on our Wood Products side.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Last question I had is for either you or Russell. I’m just trying to get a sense. Given this big move we’ve had in the West Coast log prices, whether that is really starting to constrain some of the domestic converters, whether the log price is just too high for them to carry at this point, whether it’s for plywood or lumber or whatever.
Doyle Simons: Mark, because of the run-up in lumber prices, in plywood, but more specifically in lumber prices, even at these higher Western log costs, lumber mills – I think most lumber mills are profitable. I know ours are. So that margin is still there to be had based on current log prices and current lumber prices on the West Coast.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Fairly good. I’ll turn it over. Thanks, Doyle.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steve Chercover: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Steve Chercover: So first off, we’ve been hearing about new sawmill capacity coming on stream in the South for some time, but it sounds like the ramp is slower than anticipated. And it sounds like some of the equipment deliveries are behind schedule. So maybe you can confirm that, and is it impacting any of your projects?
Doyle Simons: So not impacting our projects at all. As I indicated, Dierks will be up later this year and Millport early next year, and we are on schedule on both of those projects. In terms of the overall increase in sawmill capacity, we anticipate that that’s going to be 4-plus billion. We anticipate the timing of that is roughly 1 billion a year, 2017 to 2020. Clearly, a some of that is – been pushed back a little bit because of the lack of contractor availability. But it will – our sense is while it is being delayed somewhat because of the competition for contractors, it’s ultimately going to come online but maybe pushed back temporarily.
Steve Chercover: Got it. And then my second question was on the work at Grayling. I want to clarify, first of all, is it a press rebuild because I thought you said replacement? So which is it and will you gain any capacity?
Russell Hagen: So Steve, this is Russell. It is a press replacement. And as far as the capacity, the capacity will be about the same as prior. So this is just an old press and it’s time to replace it, and it will make the mill much more cost-effective as we go forward.
Steve Chercover: Got it. And could you just remind us, I missed it, the financial production impact in Q3?
Russell Hagen: About 10% is what we said on the sales volume in Q3 compared to prior – the prior year.
Steve Chercover: Great. Thanks Russell. Thank you both.
Russell Hagen: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. Doyle, so you are mentioning about 1 billion a year in lumber, I think, in the U.S. South, which I guess is not that much. If we think about a 50 billion-plus market, that’s only 2% or so. Now is there also incremental capacity that you think is also going to be coming on in addition to that? And/or what would be happening in some of the other regions? And might there actually even be even possible offsets in Western Canada, for instance?
Doyle Simons: Yes, it’s a good question, Mark. So what I would say is the way we’re thinking about these numbers is, it is a 20% – the 4-plus billion board feet is a 20% increase in Southern capacity. But if you look across the entire system, it’s much more like a 5% increase across the entire industry. As you further indicated, we don’t anticipate much, if any, additional increase in the West. And in fact, we think there will be shrinking capacity in Canada. So net-net, while there is a lot of capacity coming on in the South, we think, from a supply and demand perspective for lumber, that’s going to continue to be very good as we look forward. As you know, operating rates are already north of 90%. If you look at the numbers, demand is growing 7%, 8% a year. And this additional supply, if you look at it from an overall industry perspective, not just the South but overall industry perspective, it’s growing about 5% a year. So demand, we think, is going to continue to outpace supply, which should be positive as we move forward.
Mark Weintraub: And so following up, it’s very encouraging to hear some pricing power in some of those markets in the U.S. South saw timber. I guess, one of the toughest things, for me at least, to try to figure out is when things get good, where can U.S. saw timber prices go? I mean, I know where they went historically. But what would be the – what are – what’s the kind of framework that maybe would be helpful in thinking through where U.S. saw timber prices could potentially go in tighter markets?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So if you look at it historically, prior to the recession, Southern sawlog prices were $15, $20 higher than they are today. So I don’t think there’s any reason at all that as these things tighten up, and they will as we indicated, that you could see that type of pricing improvement. If you use the West as a market or as a reference point, there’s even more opportunity in front of that, especially as we start to develop these export markets. So if things really get humming domestically because of all the additional capacity that’s coming online, you’re going to have less coming in from Canada as we talked about, and then you have an export market on top of that. You can paint a scenario that could be pretty good for Southern sawlog prices in the future.
Mark Weintraub: Thanks. That’s exactly where I was trying to go. So you do use the West, are you willing to hazard an estimate to what that would mean for U.S. Southern sawlog prices could go to be at kind of equivalent basis?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I haven’t done that exact math, Mark. But Southern – in the West, sawlog prices recovered fairly quickly after the recession to where they were before. And they’ve gone up significantly past that level in the West. And again, with all the key drivers that I just outlined, I don’t see any reason that you couldn’t see over time the same type of improvement in the South that we’ve seen in the West over the past few years.
Mark Weintraub: Great. Thanks very much.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. How much impact do you think the freight issues are having on lumber prices? Because there’s so many supply challenges in the past year, that’s hard to keep track of what’s going on, on the supply side.
Doyle Simons: Yes, Mark, I think fundamentally, what’s happening on lumber and OSB is you just have continued growth in demand, coupled with a balance on the supply side of the equation, which is shown in the lean inventories throughout the system. Now there’s no doubt that some of these temporary disruptions like freight are having a temporary impact. But I would say yes, we had freight disruptions or challenges in the first quarter, but we also had – on the supply side, but we also had weather challenges on the demand side. So as we think about it long term, we’re optimistic because, again, it’s ultimately lean inventories throughout the system, coupled with where we are in terms of the demand side of the equation. So that’s kind of how we think about it. We’re going to continue to have these one-off situations that happen. But as long as inventories continue to be at low levels and we continue to have growth in demand, which we anticipate because of what’s happening on the housing front, we’re pretty optimistic about pricing going forward.
Mark Connelly: Okay. That’s helpful. A question on Timberlands, do you think that the geographic mix of the EBITDA you’re generating that we saw this quarter and last quarter is going to persist? I mean, obviously, log prices are up in the West. But is there something structural happening in mix or volume that we should be thinking about between the South and the West?
Russell Hagen: So are you referring to Real Estate sales or…
Mark Connelly: No, I’m thinking about Timberland, the overall realizations that you’re getting there, not the Real Estate side.
Doyle Simons: So Mark, I’d say there’s nothing structural that’s changing there. As you know, we’ve seen much more pricing improvement in the West than we have in the South over the past few quarters. But in terms of structurally, nothing that should change significantly in that mix of earnings going forward.
Mark Connelly: So no significant gains in silviculture or anything like that in the South relative to the West?
Doyle Simons: There are gains in silviculture, for example, on – in both. As we’ve indicated, longer term, there will be – from a harvest level perspective, the West will be coming down or did come down – will be coming down this year, whereas the South in the near term will be going up. But other than that, no structural changes.
Mark Connelly: That’s helpful. Thanks, Doyle.
Doyle Simons: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks very much. I just wanted to understand the criteria around the black at the bottom phrase and the testing that you’ve done. What’s sort of log, lumber, OSB price matrices?
Doyle Simons: Paul, good question. Basically, what we did is we went back and looked at what those prices were back in the depths of the recession and said, okay, if we go back to that type of situation, what type of cost structure do we need in our Wood Products system to be black at the bottom? So that’s the work that we’ve done to model what – where we needed to be. Hopefully, again, we don’t go back to a recession as deep as the one we saw back in 2008, 2009, but that’s the way we modeled it.
Paul Quinn: So there’s been quite a bit of investment in – across a number of OSB as well as lumber mills that would suggest that the cost curve, it didn’t push down. Do you expect that those recessionary conditions are going to be the next – similar to the next recession? Or is it – there’s a whole bunch of mills out there that haven’t had a lot of investment and those marginal mills will come off and that’ll be the bottom?
Doyle Simons: Yes. And we’ll have to see how that plays out. But I think you highlighted exactly what we’re focused on, is making sure that when the next recession happens, and we all know it will, that our mills are well positioned. There will be other mills in the industry that would – have not focused on cost or capital has not been spent in where they will absolutely not be black at the bottom and will be well positioned to continue to run during the next downturn.
Paul Quinn: All right. Fair enough, good results. Thanks guys.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: So as I understand it, that is our last question. I would like to thank everybody for being on the call this morning and, as always, for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Beth Baum - Director, Investor Relations Doyle Simons - President and Chief Executive Officer Russell Hagen - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Randy Toth - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. George Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Collin Mings - Raymond James Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Steven Chercover - D. A. Davidson Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc. Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Beth Baum: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s fourth quarter 2017 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Beth, and welcome, everyone. Weyerhaeuser delivered strong financial and operational performance in 2017. I’m proud of the team work, dedication and creativity our employees displayed throughout the year, as they work together to accomplish goals, overcome challenges and deliver strong results. In 2017, we increased full-year adjusted EBITDA by 31% to nearly $2.1 billion; generated over $1 billion of Wood Products EBITDA, the most since 2004; captured nearly $140 million of operational excellence improvements; grew Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources EBITDA by nearly 30%; completed the asset value optimization process for Western Timberlands; delivered a 55% premium to timber value from real estate sales; exceeded our merger costs synergy target by 25%; and fully eliminated $35 million of costs formerly allocated to our Cellulose Fibers business. We also further simplified and optimized our portfolio by divesting our Uruguay operations, redeeming our ownership in the Twin Creeks joint venture, and selling 100,000 acres of Southern Timberlands for collective proceeds of over $700 million. Finally, we increased our dividend for the sixth time since 2011, consistent with our commitment to return cash to shareholders through a growing and sustainable dividend. These accomplishments are reflected in our financial results. For the full-year 2017, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings of $582 million, or $0.77 per diluted share, on net sales of $7.2 billion. This represents a 40% improvement in full-year earnings from continuing operations. For the fourth quarter, Weyerhaeuser earned $271 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, on net sales of $1.8 billion. Fourth quarter results include a $37 million after-tax benefit from special items. Excluding special items, we earned $234 million, or $0.31 per diluted share for the fourth quarter. This is more than double our earnings for fourth quarter 2016. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $551 million, 38% higher than one year ago. Before I discuss our business results in more detail, let me make a few comments regarding the housing market. The U.S. housing market finished the year on a solid note, as strong demand and favorable weather in many areas enabled building activity continue – to continue late into the year. Total annualized housing starts averaged $1.25 million for the fourth quarter, an increase of almost 7% compared with the third quarter. For the full-year 2017, U.S. housing starts totaled just over $1.2 million. As expected, growth in single-family starts was strong, while multi-family activity remained volatile. Single-family housing starts rose approximately 8.5% compared with 2016. Approximately 71% of total starts were attributable to single-family homes, compared with 67% one year ago. This mix shift is very beneficial for Wood Products demand. Entering 2018, housing market fundamentals remain favorable. Millennials are becoming more active in the market and homeownership among households headed by someone under age 35 rose to 36% in the fourth quarter from 34.7% a year earlier. Builder confidence is holding strong at levels comparable to prerecession highs. Permit activity is healthy. Single-family permits increased 9% for the full-year 2017 and total permits averaged over $1.3 million in the fourth quarter. Economic growth remains solid, employment and wages continue to rise and consumer confidence remains historically strong. Although constraints on labor and lot availability may provide some guardrails for the rate of building activity, our builder and dealer customers see significant opportunity to serve continued pent-up demand and are optimistic for a strong 2018. For 2018, we expect single-family housing starts to increase by nearly 10% with total starts approaching $1.3 million. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with Timberlands, Charts 4 to 6. Timberlands contributed $166 million to earnings before special items, $35 million more than the third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $252 million. Western Timberlands delivered $140 million of fourth quarter EBITDA, $29 million more than the third quarter and $39 million more than a year ago. Fee harvest volumes increased 14% compared with the third quarter as favorable logging conditions and strong production by our harvest crews enabled us to catch up on volume that cannot be harvested during the severe third quarter fire season. Western domestic market conditions were strong throughout the quarter, as underlying demand remained steady and mills rebuilt log decks depleted during the third quarter fire season. Pricing for domestic logs increased throughout the quarter. Per unit logging and hauling costs increased slightly due to higher contract trucking rates and additional high elevation logging. Turning to our export markets. In Japan, prices rose steadily throughout the quarter, as Japanese demand remained solid. Log and lumber inventories for our Japanese customers remain relatively low and they are running at high operating rates. Log sales volumes were comparable to third quarter and stronger takeaway was offset by timing of shipments. In China, demand for our logs remains steady and pricing strengthened as customers competed against strong demand from U.S. domestic buyers. Log inventories at Chinese ports declined slightly during the quarter and remain within a normal range. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands contributed $101 million to fourth quarter EBITDA, $6 million more than the third quarter. Demand improved as mills resumed normal operations following third quarter weather events and our fee harvest volumes increased 6%, compared with the third quarter as we caught up on production days lost during hurricane activity. Average sawlog and pulpwood realizations were comparable to the third quarter. Unit transportation costs increased slightly due to higher fuel and trucking rates. Northern Timberlands contributed $9 million to EBITDA, $5 million more than the third quarter. Fee harvest volumes increased as we caught up on Montana harvest, they cannot be accessed, while mandatory fire restrictions were in place. Average realizations improved due to mix. Finally Timberlands fourth quarter results include a $99 million non-taxable gain on the previously announced sale of 100,000 acres of Southern Timberlands for $2,025 per acre. This is reported as a special item. The quarter includes non-earnings contribution from operation of the Twin Creeks joint venture due to redemption of our ownership interest. Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources, Chart 7 and 8. Real Estate and ENR contributed $50 million to fourth quarter earnings, $3 million more than the third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $13 million to $87 million. Fourth quarter transaction volume was slightly weaker than expected, as some activity paused due to buyer uncertainty regarding the several budget and tax policy. The average price per acre sold increased compared with the third quarter. Fourth quarter sales included a greater proportion of Southern acres, while third quarter included a large sale of lower value Montana acres. For the full-year 2017, the Real Estate business sold just over 97,000 acres, or approximately 0.7% of our land base. Real Estate significantly exceeded its 30% targeted premium to timber value, capturing an average premium of 55% in 2017. Wood Products, Charts 9 and 10. Wood Products contributed $221 million to fourth quarter earnings before special items, compared with $241 million in the third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $258 million for the fourth quarter and over $1 billion for the full-year 2017. This is the highest annual EBITDA since 2004 and over $150 million more than EBITDA from 2005, when we operated almost double the number of facilities and production volumes were over 60% higher. EBITDA for lumber totaled $116 million comparable to the third quarter and more than double a year ago. Average sales realizations for lumber improved 4%. This was offset by higher log cost for our Western and Canadian mills and a 5% decrease in sales volumes, as shipments from our Canadian mills were delayed due to weather-driven disruptions in rail transportation. OSB contributed $104 million to EBITDA, $2 million more than the third quarter and $58 million more than a year ago. Average sales realizations improved 2% compared with the third quarter. This price improvement was largely offset by 6% decrease in sales volumes, again, due to issues with Canadian rail transportation. Resin costs also increased. Engineered wood products contributed $34 million to EBITDA, $16 million lower than the third quarter, but $8 million more than a year ago. Sales volumes declined seasonally and manufacturing costs increased due to higher prices for OSB, fiber and resin. Distribution contributed $5 million to fourth quarter EBITDA, compared with $12 million in the third quarter. This business focused on managing cost and product margins and performed well in what is typically a seasonally challenging quarter. Fourth quarter results for the Wood products segment include a pre-tax charge of $50 million for remediation for our Flak Jacket product. This charge reflects higher than expected labor costs, resulting from the strong demand for home remediation services following Hurricane Harvey and Irma. As of yesterday, we have completed remediation in 99% of the affected houses. We continue to expect a significant portion of the cost will be covered by insurance. I will wrap up the Wood Products discussion with a few comments on the Softwood Lumber Agreement. On December 7, the U.S. International Trade Commission issued its final determination, affirming material injury to U.S. lumber producers. Final countervailing and anti-dumping duties became effective on December 28. These collective duties are assessed at approximately 20% for most producers. Fourth quarter results include a $9 million net pre-tax benefit from an adjustment for the final applicable periods and rates associated with the countervailing and anti-dumping duties. Final duties will remain effective for a minimum of five years unless reduced upon appeal by NAFTA or the WTO. Although Canadian producers have initiated appeals to both bodies, we expect the process will extend for several years before the panels reach a decision. The U.S. coalition continues to work closely with the U.S. Trade Representative, and we remain hopeful, we will be able to negotiate a quota-based agreement. Chart 12, operational excellence. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, our Timberlands and Wood Products business achieved almost $140 million of operational excellence improvements in 2017. Timberlands delivered standout performance, significantly exceeding its $40 million to $50 million target. The business captured $66 million of operational excellence improvements, primarily from merger-related operational synergies. Wood Products captured $71 million of operational excellence at the high-end of its $55 million to $75 million target. Lumber and OSB met their targets with improvements of $21 million in lumber and $20 million in OSB. Engineered wood products and distribution exceeded their targets capturing $16 million and $14 million of improvements, respectively. Although we have captured almost $500 million of operational excellence improvements since 2014, we have more opportunity to improve our relative performance in each of our businesses. In 2018, we are targeting OpEx improvements of $40 million to $50 million in Timberlands and $40 million to $60 million in Wood Products, including $20 million to $25 million in lumber, $5 million to $10 million in OSB, $10 million to $15 million in engineered wood products, and $5 million to $10 million in distribution. Finally, we fully delivered on our commitments to eliminate the $35 million of costs formally allocated to our Cellulose Fibers business by 2017 year-end. Identifying and capturing these cost reductions require collaboration across corporate functions and operating segments and I’m proud of the team work that enabled us to achieve this goal. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our first quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the first quarter is presented in Chart 14 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to fourth quarter earnings before special items. In our Western Timberlands operations, we anticipate continued strong realizations and favorable domestic demand. We expect harvest volumes to decrease modestly compared to the fourth quarter, as the fourth quarter included additional volumes that were deferred from the third quarter because of fire restrictions. Japanese export log sales volumes and average sales realizations are expected to increase compared to the fourth quarter. We are seeing continued strong demand in the Japanese housing market combined with low-channel inventories, which is providing strong price support. Chinese export log volumes and average sales realizations are expected to decrease modestly compared to the fourth quarter on seasonally softer demand due to the Lunar New Year. In the South, we expect seasonally lower demand and sales volumes, and we anticipate average sales realizations for the first quarter will be comparable to the fourth quarter. We also expect higher fuel and trucking costs. In the North, we anticipate first quarter sales volumes will decrease, while sales realizations will be comparable to the fourth quarter. Full-year 2018 harvest volumes for the South and the North are expected to be comparable year-over-year. In the West, we expect harvest volumes to decrease slightly compared to 2017, as a result of our previously announced exit from Twin Creeks joint venture, we will no longer have harvest volume to report in the category titled Other. Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to be significantly lower compared to the fourth quarter. In Real Estate, we typically closed fewer transactions in the first and second quarter of the year, as recreational buyer traffic slows during the winter months. The summer and fall months are the most active selling seasons with the large portion of sales closing in the second-half of the year. We expect Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter to be comparable to the first quarter of last year. We expect approximately $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources business in 2018. Land bases as a percentage of Real Estate sales should be between 40% and 50% for the full-year 2018. For Wood Products, we anticipate first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the fourth quarter earnings before special items. For Lumber, we expect average sales realizations will be slightly higher. For OSB, we expect the average sales realizations will be lower quarter-over-quarter. Engineered wood products sales realizations will be comparable to the fourth quarter. We recently announced price increases of 6% to 12% for engineered wood products, which we will begin capturing in the second quarter. Sales volumes and operating rates are expected to increase quarter-over-quarter for all product lines, as we typically have lower production in the fourth quarter due to seasonal and maintenance downtime. Chart 11 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. For the fourth quarter, the decrease in earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA compared to the third quarter are driven primarily by an increase in non-cash charges related to intercompany profit elimination and LIFO inventory adjustments, as we rebuild depleted log inventories in our export yards and wood products mills during the fourth quarter. In addition, fourth quarter unallocated items include pre-tax special items of $42 million of insurance reimbursements for environmental remediation costs incurred in prior years and $14 million of Plum Creek merger and integration costs. Following the successful completion of the merger, we do not anticipate additional merger integration costs in 2018. For our pension and postretirement plans, the year-end 2017 funded status decreased by $138 million compared to 2016, as a result of a decrease in discount rates. Discount rates decreased by approximately 60 basis points for the U.S. plans and 20 basis points for the Canadian plans. We did not make any cash contributions to the U.S. qualified pension plan in 2017, and we are not required to make any cash contributions in 2018. Cash paid for all other pension and postretirement plans in 2017 was $78 million. Our required cash payments for these plans 2018 will be approximately $60 million. We expect to record approximately $100 million, or $25 million per quarter of non-cash, non-operating pension and postretirement expense in 2018. Chart 13 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $824 million. Cash from operations during the fourth quarter was $354 million. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter totaled $160 million and for the full-year 2017 are $419 million. Looking ahead to 2018, we expect total CapEx will be approximately $420 million, $300 million for Wood Products and $120 million for Timberlands. Investing cash flows for the fourth quarter also include approximately $108 million of proceeds from redeeming our equity interest in the Twin Creeks joint venture and $203 million of proceeds from selling $100,00 acres Southern Timberlands to Twin Creeks. Moving on to debt. We ended the quarter with $6 billion of debt outstanding. Interest expense was $96 million in the fourth quarter. We expect interest expense will be approximately $380 million in 2018. Moving on to taxes. Following the enactment of the federal tax reform, we benefit from the lower federal tax rate on the earnings generated by our taxable REIT subsidiary. These earnings will now be subject to federal tax at 21%, rather than the prior 35%. The new law does not affect our REIT status, or the provisions that allow us to pay capital gain dividends to our shareholders. Further, we do not anticipate any limitations on our interest deductibility. In our fourth quarter results, the net tax adjustment was included in special items. The adjustment is primarily to remeasure our net deferred tax assets, following the reduction in the federal tax rate. We currently expect our 2018 effective tax rate will be between 11% and 13% based on the forecasted mix of our earnings for our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Russell Hagen: Thank you, Russell. 2017 was a strong year for Weyerhaeuser as we successfully completed our merge integration, further focused our portfolio, delivered improved financial performance across all our businesses and returned cash to shareholders by increasing our dividend. Going forward, I’m extremely optimistic about 2018 and our ability to continue to improve performance through operational excellence, fully capitalize on market conditions and demonstrate disciplined capital allocation to drive value for shareholders. And now, I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first questions is from line of Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde: Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Mark.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde: Just to start off, I wondered if you could talk just a little bit about the markets, because we’ve gotten off to a much stronger start than I would have expected here in January in all of these Wood Products markets. How do you read what’s going on here?
Doyle Simons: Yes, Mark, I’ll tell you. I’m encouraged by what we see in the Wood Products market. If you look at lumber markets, you’ve got growing demand from housing going up, and as I said, optimistic about what we’re going to see in 2018. I’m encouraged that the millennials are showing up, also anticipate strong repair remodeling markets. You’ve got lean inventories. You’ve got high operating rates. You’ve got less lumber coming in from Canada and that was down roughly 5% in 2017 versus 2016, and now, we’re moving into the stronger building season. So encouraged by what we’re seeing in lumber markets. Likewise in OSB, clearly have growing demand, driven by the same things I just outlined again, lean inventories, high operating rates. Now, we all know there’s new capacity coming on. But I think, this industry should be able to absorb that capacity assuming demand continues to grow, which it will. Now there will be some volatility and lumpiness as that new capacity comes online. But the other thing about the new capacity, Mark, as you very well know, it takes – normally it takes longer to bring up new capacity, especially when you’re bringing up capacity of mills that have been down for an extended period of time. So overall, pretty optimistic about what we’re seeing. And then, of course, in engineered wood products, as we mentioned, we have announced a price increase of 6% to 12%. And we think in terms of that, we all should – we’ll start to realize that in the second quarter and by the end of second quarter probably have half of that, or maybe a little more that we will realize by the end of the second quarter. So overall pretty optimistic about wood products markets.
Mark William Wilde: Okay. And then just as a follow-on question. Well – but this Western log market just is also surprisingly strong. I wondered, if you want to put any more color behind that? And also, is there any effect from the weakening in the U.S. dollar?
Doyle Simons: So, Mark, as you said, Western log markets have been very positive. We continue to be encouraged about what we see in those markets. Domestically, you’ve got the strong demand and pricing improvements, and Japan continued solid demand low inventories. We anticipate higher prices and volumes in Q1 versus Q4. Post and beam construction was up, which is the key driver for us, I present in in 2017 versus 2016. And in China, we’ll have a little policy here as we go through the Lunar New Year. But if you just look at 2017 versus 2016, log exports were up from the U.S. to China up over 10% and we can – we expect continued strong markets. Overall, it’s a weaker – as we said a strong dollar is bad for Weyerhaeuser, or weaker dollar is a positive for Weyerhaeuser. So if the dollar does weaken, net-net that will be a positive for us overall in these markets.
Mark William Wilde: Right. Thanks, Doyle. I’ll turn it over.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Randy Toth: Good morning. This is actually Randy Toth sitting in for Anthony.
Doyle Simons: Good morning.
Randy Toth: We’re hearing a lot of commentary from companies that we cover in regards to freight tightness and labor tightness. I just want to know how you guys think that might impact you in the 2018?
Doyle Simons: Yes, we like other companies are in fact seeing that type of tightness, as we mentioned in the fourth quarter, a real impact on wood products earnings as a result of transportation issues, specifically in rail out of Canada, but also in trucks out of Canada. And one mill, for example, that we have in Canada, shipments from rail were delayed by over two weeks and one much better from a rail perspective. So as we move into 2018, we think that will continue to be a headwind in terms of availability, but more so increasing rates, both on the truck and rails side. And we’re going to work really hard to offset that through our operational excellence initiatives in 2018.
Randy Toth: Okay, thank you. And then can you talk a little bit about timber exports out of the U.S. South. I know, they grew quite a bit in 2017 although off a small base. How much are you guys participating in that, and do you think that growth is sustainable?
Doyle Simons: Yes. We are participating in that and it’s a key initiative for us. What we would tell you is, while you’re right, it is off a low base. We anticipate that in 2018, our shipments could be three times higher than they were in 2017. And our best guess now is the takeaway that will go into export markets would be the equivalent, just to try to dimension it a small sawmill in the U.S. and what they would use. So you’re right. It’s off a small base, but growing. We’re spending a lot of time and resources developing that market and are very optimistic about that market long-term.
Randy Toth: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos: Everyone, good morning. Thanks for all the details. Congratulations on the year Doyle and Russell. I guess, the first question I had, maybe piggybacking off of Mark’s earlier question. So where do you see your customers log decks at present in the West? And overall, if you had mentioned, I’d missed it. Where do you see lumber inventories overall in the channel? Do you think things are more or less back to normal? Are they still below normal in terms of average inventory levels, any thoughts that would be helpful? And I had a couple follow-ons?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So if you look at lumber inventories, they are pretty lean across the entire system. If you look at log decks in the West, as you know, they got very, very low during the fire season. They have started to rebuild. I would say, they’re kind of somewhere between low and normal, but log decks are being rebuilt in the West.
George Staphos: Okay. And Doyle, one question I had for you. On that subject, are wood margins high enough do you think across the market in the West present demand destruction on Western log? So in other words, are you seeing a sufficiently strong lumber prices out there and demand to keep pulling Western logs?
Doyle Simons: Yes. The answer is yes. The – we have not seen any – what you would call value destruction from that pricing and demand continues to be strong. Where the competition is occurring is between domestic logs and Chinese logs, because as prices have run up, those are competing directly against each other. And the beauty of our system is, we’re able to play that and thin logs to where we can create the most value.
George Staphos: Okay. Two last questions, I’ll turn it over. One segueing off that comment and then comment just on OpEx. So one thing that we noticed in the deck and as always, we appreciate the detail. The Chinese export log revenue seemed to drop a bit more sequentially 3Q to four 4Q than it did last year just eyeballing it. And you mentioned, there’s further sequential drop off in the first quarter coming up because of Lunar New Year, which didn’t seem to have as much of an effect last year. Is there something else going on in China that we should be mindful of, or that you’re maybe guarding against as a kind of a what-if. And then in terms of OpEx, congratulations on the performance there. What gives you confidence, I guess, four years into the program that with all the work you’ve done in OSB and lumber that there’s still more in the tank in 2018? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter.
Doyle Simons: George, in terms of what’s going on in China, it’s pretty simple that the reason it’s down in the fourth quarter versus third is the strength in domestic markets. And as I’ve just mentioned, we can swing back and forth. And as domestic markets have continued to improve, we are selling more to the domestic market and less to China. It has nothing to do with a falloff in China, as I mentioned, actually log shipment overall to China were up. And I mean, from an industry perspective, we’re up 10%.
George Staphos: Yes.
Doyle Simons: And we’ll get through this Lunar New Year and you never know what impact that will have, but we continue to anticipate strong demand in China in 2018. In terms of OpEx, as mentioned in the earlier comments, we’ve made good progress. We have made good progress in 2017, but there’s much more opportunity in front of us. But the reason I’m so encouraged by what’s happening in OpEx is, when we first started this program three or four years ago, it’s very top down-driven. Now what’s happening is, it’s bottom-up driven. Our employees are out working in the mills, are out working in the Timberland every day are finding additional opportunities to drive OpEx improvements, that’s how we’re defining winning, that’s how people are being compensated. So encouraged that we will be – can able to meet or exceed the targets that we’ve laid out in 2018. Although, as you’re exactly right, it does get harder. We’ve got most of the low-hanging fruit and you did see the numbers in Wood Products come down slightly in 2018 versus 2017 which is indicative of that, but encouraged by the opportunities that we have in 2018 and confident we will meet those targets.
George Staphos: Thank you very much. Good luck on a quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Russell Hagen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Hey, good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Collin.
Collin Mings: Just to start for me. Just given the growing flexibility offered by the balance sheet, just maybe talk a little bit more about how you’re approaching external growth on the Timberland front this year, especially just given the recent termination of the Twin Creeks JV?
Russell Hagen: Yes, Collin, this is Russell. As far as how we look at the timber markets, we have 12.5 million acres in the United States and we’re in every major wood basket. And we have a team that really all they focus on is timber valuations and making sure that we understand kind of the relative values in the market. So we see everything coming on to the market. And if there’s an opportunity that fits within our portfolio and we can create shareholder value, we’ll take a hard look at that. But we always approach this in a very disciplined manner. Again, our goal over the long-term is to continue to grow the business and increase shareholder value. But we’re going to do it very disciplined.
Collin Mings: Okay. Any sizable transactions out there kind of in the pipeline, or anything on that front?
Russell Hagen: There’s a couple of transactions that I think will carry over into 2018 that were kind of in the pipeline in 2017 that didn’t close. But beyond, probably what’s in the broader news and what’s available, I don’t see anything else meaningful.
Collin Mings: Just sticking with the kind of capital allocation just on the debt maturing this year, Russell, do you plan to pay that off with cash and recognizing it, it’s still early, but you got pretty meaningful maturity in 2019 at a pretty high-cost, just how are you thinking about the debt maturity here just when you’re still well below your kind of targeted debt to EBITDA number?
Russell Hagen: Yes. So let me take that in a couple of steps. The first is, we do have $62 million maturity that we actually paid off yesterday and that was a pretty high coupon rate about 7%. We paid that off with available cash, because it really wasn’t – it didn’t make sense to go and refinance such a small maturity. As far as our $1.8 billion, I think that you’re referring to are the future debt maturities. We have a lot of flexibility around that and we’re well positioned from a balance sheet standpoint to address that when it comes up, but we don’t see any concerns with that. As far as our leverage ratios, you’re correct. We are – have a target leverage ratio of 3.5 times net debt to EBITDA and that’s really over the cycle. So in some years, we’re going to be a little lower and some years we’re going to be little higher. Right now, we’re a little lower and that’s a function of – we have paid down some debt and restructured some debt, but we’ve also had improvement in our EBITDA. So we see that. We’re in a very comfortable position, and it provides us with a lot of flexibility should an opportunity arise and we want to go tap the capital markets.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then one last one for me just as far as on the Timberland guidance. Just given the strength particularly on the West just given log pricing momentum there that would start 2018, can you maybe just quantify how much we should expect in terms of the downtick in harvest volumes? I think in the prepared guidance remarks, you suggested that the West would be down and the North and South would be flattish year-over-year. But again, at least, in the first quarter which seem to imply a pretty meaningful year-over-year decline in the Western volume. So just how should we quantify that?
Russell Hagen: Sure. So, first, big picture. We’re harvesting on a sustainable level. So in the West, as we mentioned at our Investor Day last year, the harvest will decline modestly in 2018, and that’s really a function of working through the older age timber on the Longview acquisition. And so we’ll see the harvest level, level out starting in 2018 and then we’ll see moderate growth in that in 2023.
Collin Mings: Okay. And should we think about any other noise seasonality as it relates to those harvest volumes?
Russell Hagen: Coming into the first quarter?
Collin Mings: Just in the West in general, yes?
Russell Hagen: Yes. So in the West, we’re going to have some seasonally lower volume in the West.
Collin Mings: Okay. I appreciate the color, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire: Hi, good morning, guys.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire: A couple of times, you mentioned some negative impact from rail and trucking issues in Canada in the Wood Products segment. I just wonder if there’s any way you can size that? Is it like a $5 million or $10 million hit to EBITDA in the quarter, or more immaterial than that?
Doyle Simons: You’re talking about in the fourth quarter?
Brian Maguire: Yes, in the fourth quarter?
Doyle Simons: Yes, Brian, it was a significant issue in the fourth quarter, and it was primarily due to just the lack of trucking in Canada. As I mentioned, at one of our mills, shipments were delayed for – I said trucking, I mean, rail. So let’s back up. So we’ve got rail and truck issues, both of those were a problem in the fourth quarter. For example, one of our mills, shipments were delayed for a full two weeks due to rail issues, primarily due to the extremely cold weather in Canada. With that said, because of the surge in – demand in the fourth quarter for trucks, trucking availability was also a problem. So I would say, the – it was a probably $10 million to $15 million hit in the fourth quarter. Part of it was due to higher prices, but more so, we just couldn’t ship the volume, because there wasn’t rail or trucking available and that primarily happened in the month of December.
Brian Maguire: Okay, that helps. And then it sounds like 1Q maybe seeing some similar disruptions, maybe not just in Canada, but in the South, I know down here in the Gulf states, we’ve had a lot of these winter storms we don’t normally have. Just wondered if there’s going to be an impact maybe in the Southern logs or Southern Wood Products that you’re seeing so far in 1Q?
Doyle Simons: I think in 1Q, it’s going to be more just higher cost as opposed to just not being able to ship. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, I do think rail and trucking will be a headwind, as we move into 2018. We’ve not seen the disruptions in terms of availability that we saw in the month of December. But we do have higher rates going in and just both in truck and rail. We’re about currently 60% truck, 40% rail. We will be shifting more to truck when possible just because as we look at the options that’s the better one as we move forward.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Just one on Southern log prices. It’s sort of an area we start off thinking, maybe this will be the year we start to see a little bit of tension in the market and prices start to pick up. And since it’s Groundhog Day today, I thought you maybe could give a little bit of an outlook on how you think that prices could go this year, if it’s going to be more of the same, or do you think maybe by the end of the year we could start to see some upward tilt on those prices?
Doyle Simons: Yes, it’s a great question, Brian, and I appreciate the color. Let me tell you how we’re thinking about it. And we do think there’s some potential for some pricing traction in 2018, and let me tell you why. Number one, it all comes down to housing demand, as I said, continues to grow. And we’re quite optimistic that housing will continue to grow and we’re especially encouraged about what we’ve seen in terms of the millennials finally starting to show up in the market and frankly, that’s what’s been missing. We also expect a strong year from repair remodeling and are projecting that to be up roughly 7.5%. Maybe even more importantly than that is that, there is a lot of capacity being added in the South, as you know. It seems like every week, there’s an announcement of new capacity that’s being added, or at least being considered. In terms of the numbers, about 1 billion board feet of new sawmill capacity came online in 2017. There’s another 2 billion board feet slated to come online in 2018 and 2019, and another 1 billion board feet on top of that, that’s currently under consideration. Just to put that in perspective that’s on a base of about 20 billion board feet in the South, so that’s a big increase. And to your point, we already are starting to see some benefits in certain markets, where additional capacity has come online. The third part of this is, of course, on the supply side and there is less lumber coming in from Canada, I think, that’s going to continue either as a result of the final duties, or negotiated agreements. Just to put that in perspective, that number went down from 33% in 2016, down to 30% in 2017. And as you look at just absolute lumber shipments from Canada, those were down over 5% in 2017 versus 2016. And then finally, as I mentioned earlier, we’re very encouraged by development of Southern export markets. We’re going to ship three times as much in 2018 as 2017, and as I mentioned, that should be equivalent to a small mill. So I think, all of those things are going to start to come together, and we are hopeful that we will start to see some pricing improvement as we move through 2018.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I’ll leave it there. Thanks, again.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Chercover with D. A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Chercover: Thanks, and good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Chercover: So you gave us a little update on your views on Southern log pricing. And I just wanted to understand, if you could – for your specific projects that Arkansas, Mississippi and Alabama, how they’re going to kind of ramp up over the course of next year? So what’s the timeframe?
Doyle Simons: Yes, great question. So if you look at the two projects – our two big projects, let me start off by saying, just overall the capital that we’re spending in our lumber operation should increase our productivity 2% to 3% a year. On top of that, the two projects, number one is Dirk’s, Arkansas, that will start up this summer and as an additional 80 million board feet of capacity. And then our Millport mill, which we’re rebuilding will start up in early 2019, and that’s an additional 215 million board feet of capacity. So that’s on top of the 2% to 3% that we’re getting through the additional capital that we’re spending.
Steven Chercover: Okay, great. And then one on the softwood lumber file. The recent – I – and then I recognize the big difference between airplanes and lumber. But does the ITC ruling between Bombardier and Boeing have any impact on softwood lumber file, because I mean, the Canadians are certainly trying to link it in the NAFTA talks?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So we don’t think that has any impact on the discussions. We, as I said earlier, remain hopeful. We’ll be able to reach a quota-based agreement. And frankly, negotiations are temporary sidelined due to the focus on NAFTA. But we would believe those negotiations will remain separate from the overall NAFTA discussions.
Steven Chercover: So I don’t recall if you’ve ever specified what the actual volume limit would be with 30 billion board feet, or 20 billion board feet from Canada?
Doyle Simons: In terms of the limit based on what Steve? I’m sorry, I don’t understand your point.
Steven Chercover: Sorry. Well, I guess, if there’s a quota that it’s a volume limit as opposed to a market share limit so?
Doyle Simons: Now the quota that we have been discussing and again, it’s still being negotiated would be a percentage, whatever it’d be 25, 27, 29, whatever the number may be, that’s the way the discussions have gone. It’s not a hard limit on volume, it’s a percentage quota.
Steven Chercover: Okay. Thanks, Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. First, just wanted to follow-up on the color you’re giving, particularly on the lumber capacity in the U.S. I thought that was very interesting and helpful. You had mentioned 2 billion board feet in 2018 and 2019, I assume that was in each year, just wanted to clarify that?
Doyle Simons: That was the total for 2018 and 2019. And then on top of that, Mark, we’re not factoring in the, as you know, there’s a lot that’s been saying, okay, we’re going to do this, but the ground has not been broken and that’s another 1 billion. So if you look at total 2018, 2019, it could be up to 3 billion.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, okay. So I think, you said another 1 billion in 2020, and that was what you’re referring to?
Doyle Simons: What I meant to say, Mark – yes, here is what I meant to say is 1 billion in 2017, 2 billion total in 2018/2019 with the chance that there could be another 1 billion on top of the 2 billion in 2018/2019 and that’s to your point would probably show up in 2019, maybe some of that in 2020.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. Thank you. And in curiosity, do you have handy a view on outside of the U.S. South? What net capacity change in North America over that timeframe might be?
Doyle Simons: Mark, I don’t have those numbers here in front of us. I think, there will continue to be potential capacity that could happen in the West. In Canada, as we all know, I think, if anything their capacity going to shrink because of the lack of fiber due to the pine beetle situation.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And then shifting gears to real estate, two question. So you provided $250 million EBITDA estimates for 2018. I was hoping to get any preliminary indication on likely cost basis. And maybe just any color around that as well, given that that’s only a little bit higher than this year and maybe I misremember. But I had thought the expectation was that that number would likely be going up, as you had finished some of the reviews during 2017?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So let’s talk about that. So what happened in 2017 is and we came in a little lower than 250 guidance, is there ended up being no federal dollars that were allocated for conservation projects. This is the first time in many, many years, where no money has been provided to the various federal agencies for conservation projects. And just to give you a sense of the magnitude, that directly impacted two deals, that would have generated approximately $40 million of EBITDA in 2017. As we move into 2018, we’ll see – we’re hopeful that that happens. But our guidance is based on there being little to no federal dollars that are put in place. So that’s the fundamental shift as we look forward into 2018 chance, there’s some upside there, but that’s the number that we’re comfortable with assuming no federal dollars. In terms of the…
Russell Hagen: Yes, Mark, this is Russell. As far as bases, we’re guiding to about 40% to 50%.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. And just, Russell, just one clarification. I assume, when you had talked about there being a couple things in the pipeline on Timberland side that was an,industry or was that a Weyerhaeuser specific comment?
Russell Hagen: No, it’s industry.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Thank you.
Russell Hagen: Thank you for that clarification, Mark.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Thank you, Doyle. Some of our…
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Connelly: Good morning. Some of our clients tell us that they see hurricane rebuilds taking away from overall construction activity, because too much of the available labor in those markets is shifting away. Can you give us your thoughts on that and what do you see – how you see that the sort of labor construction thing playing out this year, because you’ve got a bigger [Multiple Speakers] assumption?
Doyle Simons: Yes, there’s no doubt that labor is the constraint. And as we talked to all of our customers, that’s the one thing we hear over and over. I think in some of the select markets, as you had indicated, some of the labor that would normally be used for new housing is being used for, call it, repair and remodeling as a result of the hurricane. So I think that will put a little bit of a damper on housing in those markets, maybe in the near-term. Longer-term, there’s a number of houses, as you know, that were completely destroyed. So those will end up in new housing. So I think, limited impact from hurricanes in terms of new housing starts in the short-term. Long-term, as we know, it always takes longer to rebuild from these things. But net-net, I think, that’s just going to be another positive for housing as we move forward.
Mark Connelly: Absolutely. Just one more question. On the operational excellence thing, I’m sorry to keep coming back to it. But the shift to bottoms-up opportunities, is this sort of a new leg of opportunity there? Are you going to start to tell us the operation excellence as targets are going up again? I just wonder if you could give us…?
Doyle Simons: Yes, it’s a great question. As I said, if you look at over the last four years started off very top down driven low-hanging fruit. Now it’s moving more into the things that are tougher but it’s being bottoms-up driven, because frankly, I’m not smart enough to figure out what the new things are that we can do, but our folks are. So, in terms of the size of the opportunity, we’ll continue to identify those on an annual basis. I don’t think, they’ll be going up substantially. My best guess is, they’ll remain at these levels for at least the next couple of years and then we’ll go from there.
Mark Connelly: It’s a good problem to have. Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Gail.
Russell Hagen: Hi, Gail.
Gail Glazerman: Can you give some color on where your Lumber and OSB prices are currently versus the fourth quarter average? And was there anything kind of mix, or timing-related that helped drive your pricing up not necessarily to it is relative to in the months trend?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So what I would tell you is, on the current and these are quarter-to-date realizations versus fourth quarter, Gail. Just to give you a sense, Lumber is about $10 higher, OSB is about $50 lower, because as we know, we had a big run off. I would say, both Lumber and OSB are trending in the right way. And as we move towards the building season, as I mentioned in response to an earlier question, we anticipate that trend will continue. In terms of OSB pricing, Gail, and I think you’re talking about the fourth quarter. I would tell you, there’s a couple of things. Number one is, as you look at it versus the indexes, there is a lag that we have. And so, when things are going down, ours don’t fall as quickly, so that’s part of it. And then just, as you also know, we have some premium flowing product, which helps skew it in a positive way as well. So I would say, those are big – two big things.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you. And on the Southern log exports, can you just remind us to what extent the destination markets overlap with where you’re shipping from the last?
Doyle Simons: Yes. The good news is there, they don’t overlap at all. Now, let me clarify that. We’re sending to China and India. So of course, we do send out the West Coast to China, but these are going to different ports and for different uses than our Western log. So there’s no the term I use cannibalization of logs that are coming from the South into China versus the West. So some of them are to new customers in China, some of them are to existing customers, but that are either going into different ports, or and all of it is for different uses than the Western logs are being used for.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, helpful. And just one last one. In terms of Western log market, do you have any perspective how much extreme weather, both in terms of the winter last year with all the snow and rain, as well as the dry summer might have supported pricing, and if we got kind of more normal weather as we move through the summer, what your outlook might be?
Doyle Simons: Gail, there’s no doubt that the weather in 2017 was kind of a catalyst to get prices – well, prices are moving for the weather, but for prices to continue. I will tell you though, weather has stabilized. And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to be very encouraged by what we see in the West and that’s primarily from a demand perspective. Japan continues to be solid. China is strong. In domestic markets, primarily driven by California, and as you know, California was slower to recover now. California is going permits, they are up 15% in California and we think that trend is going to continue. So, whether it’s going to cause some volatility. But if you just look at overall supply and demand, I feel it’s pretty good in the West.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Good morning, Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon: Thanks for all the information. One sort of couple of big picture questions. One is, could you just tell us, in your view, as you look at OSB and plywood, there has been decades of substitution out of plywood into OSB. And I guess, have we reached a point where there’s very little substitution, meaning that all the use of plywood is basically in specialty areas, or in extreme cases, do you think several points of those markets could switch back and forth? And then I had a second question, if you could just talk a little bit about with the obvious high margins that lumber mills, I believe, are making in the South, in particular, and again that might get crimped in some point in the future, as you mentioned, as demand goes up for logs. Would it ever make sense for Weyerhaeuser to consider acquiring sawmills, just given that you would own them immediately and maybe it would be cheaper than building?
Doyle Simons: So Chip, on the OSB plywood substitution, you’re right, I mean, we’ve seen that trend over, over many years. I think, it’s kind of in balance now. Now that doesn’t mean that there won’t be some temporary shift. But overall, I don’t see any fundamental shifts back and forth between OSB and plywood. In terms of lumber mills in the South, as you said and you’re exactly right, very high margins there. As we have consistently said, we would look at growing our Wood Products business on a go-forward basis. We think our bigger opportunity is in Timberland, but we will look at growing Wood Products business. I think, lumber would be a business that we would be interested in growing, especially if it tied in with our overall strategic footprint from a Timberland perspective. In terms of how we would grow, number one is, doing projects like Dirk’s and Millport. And then secondly, would be exactly what you said in finding acquisition opportunities, where at a value, where we think we – at a price where we think we could create shareholder value. Going and building greenfield mills is probably not a step that we’re going to take. But we would be very interested in sawmills to acquire assuming again, we could do it at a price where we could create value over the cycle. You can assume that the margins that are currently in place are going to stay that way forever.
Chip Dillon: Gotcha. And we hear a lot about the overgrown situation in the South, too much inventory, and you’re giving some reasons why that could be alleviated in the near-term. But every county in the Southeast isn’t the same. And could you maybe point out where you – where we should look for early indications of return in sawlogs, maybe particular states or parts of states that you kind of look for?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I’ll just give you one example. There’s a couple of new mills that have started up kind of along the Arkansas, Louisiana border. And as I mentioned earlier, we are starting to see some benefit in some of those areas, where you’ve seen some of this new capacity startup. So that’s an example of where we are starting to see some benefit and some potential pricing tension in that market, and there’s a lot of markets like that across the South. The good thing about Weyerhaeuser, as you know, we’re just about in every markets. So as that starts to happen, we will participate in that pricing tension.
Chip Dillon: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Today’s final question will come from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn: Great. Thanks. Good morning, Doyle and Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Paul.
Russell Hagen: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Quinn: Just had a couple of quick questions. One on the labor issue side, whether you’re seeing contractor inflation. Your contractors coming back to you and asking you for significantly more money, because they’re having issues with getting labor on their side of the – harvesting – on the timber side?
Doyle Simons: We are starting to see a little bit of that. It’s much more prevalent on the transportation side than on the actual logging side. But we are seeing – starting to see a little bit of pressure on their logging side, as well as we move forward. And as I said, I think, inflation, there’s labor inflation or truck inflation, it’s going to be a headwind for us as we move into 2018. And we’ll just kind of work really hard to offset that through our operational excellence efforts.
Paul Quinn: Okay And then just turning to. U.S. South exports, what are your, and I might have missed this, but what are you looking at the Indian market and how do you view that market going forward?
Doyle Simons: Yes. The Indian market is – so as I mentioned, we are focused on two markets, China and India. India is currently the smaller of those markets. Unlike China, where we had a presence, this is a new presence, but we’re spending a lot of time on the ground there. And we’re encouraged by the opportunity that we see, and I’ll tell you there’s a lot of interest in that market. So, we’re still in the early stages, but encouraged and think that’s a market that has real opportunity to grow as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Paul Quinn: Great. That’s all I had. Best of luck, guys.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Russell Hagen: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: As I understand it, that was our final question. Let me end by thanking, everybody, for joining us this morning. And as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Weyerhaeuser fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth L. Baum - Weyerhaeuser Co. Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co. Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc. James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth L. Baum - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2017 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Beth, and welcome, everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter net earnings of $130 million, or $0.17 per diluted share, on net sales of $1.9 billion. Our third quarter results include after-tax special items of $129 million, primarily related to previously announced charges for product remediation. Excluding these special items, we earned $259 million, or $0.34 per diluted share for the third quarter. This is an improvement of over 20% compared with second quarter 2017 and 50% higher than a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $569 million, 12% more than the second quarter and over 30% higher than one year ago. I am very pleased with our third quarter operating performance. Employees across the company worked together to overcome a variety of weather-related challenges and each of our businesses delivered strong operating results including another record quarter for Wood Products adjusted EBITDA. We also continue to deliver on our efforts to simplify our operations and strategically optimize our Timberland portfolio by completing the sale of our Uruguay operations for over $400 million and then October redeeming our ownership interest in the Twin Creeks joint venture and announcing an agreement to sell 100,000 acres of non-strategic Southern Timberlands for $225,000 per acre. We have also eliminated over 80% of the cost formerly allocated to our Cellulose Fibers business and remain on track to achieve the full $35 million of reductions by year-end. Before I discuss our business results, let me make a few brief comments regarding the housing market. The U.S. housing market continues its upward trajectory. Although September housing starts weakened sequentially as hurricane suspended construction activity, single family starts rose 6% year-over-year in September and are up over 9% year-to-date. With construction labor temporarily drawn to the repairing model activity to support hurricane recovery efforts, we now expect total housing starts of approximately $1.2 million in 2017. With continued favorable housing market fundamentals including solid single-family permit activity, strong builder confidence, rising employment and wages, and consumer confidence at 13 year highs, we continue to anticipate steady improvement in the housing market for several years to come. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with timberlands, charts 3 to 5. Timberlands contributed $131 million to earnings before special items compared with $135 million in the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $220 million. Western Timberlands delivered $111 million third quarter EBITDA, $13 million lower than the second quarter but $2 million more than a year ago. Fee harvest volumes declined 16% compared with the second quarter. Mandatory state fire restrictions limited working hours for our Washington and Oregon crews in July and August and forced us out of the woods completely for up to two weeks in September. This year's Western fire season was extremely severe, but we experienced no material damage to our timberlands. All Western Timberlands employees did an outstanding job of proactively assessing fire risk and rapidly deploying resources as needed, and less than 1,000 of our 2.9 million Western acres were affected. The severe fire season limited log availability, driving strong Western domestic market conditions throughout the quarter. Mill inventories remain tight and pricing for domestic logs improved moderately due to continued steady demand. Export demand also remained favorable, with higher log sales volumes and realizations across all markets. In Japan, year-to-date housing starts have risen 1% through August and post-and-beam starts are up 2%. Our customers log and finished product inventories are relatively low and demand for our logs remains solid. In China, demand is steady and pricing strengthened as customers competed against strong demand from U.S. domestic buyers. Log inventories at Chinese ports were stable throughout the quarter and remain within a normal range. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands contributed $95 million to third quarter EBITDA, $4 million more than the second quarter. Fee harvest volumes increased compared with the second quarter but were modestly lower than planned as most Southern regions lost a few production days due to hurricane activity. We experienced no material damage to our Southern lands and our employees and contractors did an excellent job of safely staging equipment to avoid damage, and enable crews to resume operations as quickly as possible. Overall Southern market conditions improved during the third quarter as wet weather limited log availability, and Southern sawlog realizations increased slightly compared with second quarter. Our average log realizations were comparable to second quarter as third quarter included a higher proportion of pulpwood due to seasonal thinning activity. Forestry cost increased slightly. Northern Timberlands contributed $4 million to EBITDA, $2 million more than the second quarter. Fee harvest volumes increased seasonally, but were less than planned as mandatory fire restrictions curtailed harvest activity in Montana for nearly six weeks. Average realizations declined due to mix. Timberlands continues to make strong progress on its operational excellence initiatives and is well positioned to achieve its $40 million to $50 million OpEx target for 2017. Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources, charts 6 and 7. Real estate and ENR contributed $47 million to third quarter earnings, an improvement of $24 million compared with second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA doubled to $74 million. The average price per acre sold was lower than second quarter, as third quarter included a large sale of lower value Montana acres. Wood Products, charts 8 and 9. Wood Products contributed $241 million to third quarter earnings before special items, an increase of $3 million compared with second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA improved $4 million to $278 million. EBITDA for lumber totaled $117 million, $10 million lower than the second quarter. Sales volumes declined approximately 4% as we were forced to curtail operations at our Princeton, British Columbia mill for over a month due to a nearby forest fire. Log cost for our Canadian and Western mills also increased. These factors were partially offset by a 2% increase in average lumber sales realizations. Although log availability was challenging in the West due to fires and in the South due to extremely wet weather, our Timberlands and Wood Products teams work together to develop creative solutions and keep our mills running. Our Western operations expensed no log-related downtime in the quarter, and we lost only a few operating shifts across our Southern lumber system. OSB contributed $102 million to EBITDA, $15 million more than the second quarter and nearly $40 million more than a year ago. Average sales realizations improved 11% compared with the second quarter. Operating rates and sales volumes declined slightly due to a small increase in planned maintenance downtime. Engineered wood products contributed $50 million to EBITDA compared with $52 million in the second quarter. Manufacturing costs increased due to rising fiber prices for fiber, resin and OSB, and seasonally higher maintenance. This was largely offset by improved sales realizations as we captured most of the remaining benefit from price increases implemented during the first half of this year. Distribution contributed $12 million to third quarter EBITDA, $1 million lower than the second quarter, but $5 million more than third quarter 2016 despite direct hurricane activity in several of our markets. Our Houston, Atlanta and Jacksonville employees did an exceptional job of developing and implementing plans to keep our associates safe and resume operations as fast as possible following Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. All three sites fully rebounded from storms with negligible damage and resumed normal operations within several days. Each of the Wood Products businesses is on track to achieve their respective OpEx initiatives, and we remain confident we will deliver collective benefits of $55 million to $75 million from this segment in 2017. I will now give a brief update on remediation efforts for our Flak Jacket product. We are absolutely committed to doing the right thing to take care of our customers and resolve this situation as quickly as possible. As of yesterday, remediation was complete or underway in over 80% of the affected houses. We expect the vast majority of the work will be completed by year-end with a significant portion of the costs covered by insurance. I will wrap up the Wood Products discussion with a few comments on the Softwood Lumber Agreement. Through most of the third quarter, Canadian softwood lumber imports were subject to preliminary combined countervailing and antidumping duties of 25% to 30%. On August 25, the countervailing duties which were assessed at approximately 20% for most producers were statutorily suspended pending the International Trade Commission's final determination of injury. U.S. continues to collect preliminary antidumping duties which are assessed at approximately 7% for most producers. The Department of Commerce is collecting and evaluating additional information to support its determination regarding final countervailing and antidumping duty levels. We expect that determination to be released no later than November 14. We anticipate the collection of countervailing duties will resume around year-end following the ITC's final determination regarding material injury to U.S. producers. The U.S. coalition continues to work closely with the Department of Commerce, and we remain hopeful we will be able to negotiate a quota-based agreement. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the fourth quarter as presented in chart 12 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect fourth quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $20 million higher compared to third quarter. In our Western Timberland operations, we anticipate fourth quarter fee harvest volumes to be higher than third quarter as we plan to make up most of the third quarter volume loss due to summer fire restrictions. We anticipate domestic sales realizations will increase in the fourth quarter as demand remains solid and mills looked to build inventories in advance of winter weather. Japanese export log sales volumes will increase modestly compared to third quarter volumes while average sales realizations are expected to be slightly higher compared to the third quarter supported by continued solid demand in the Japanese housing market. Chinese export log volumes and average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. Western road spending was delayed in the third quarter due to fire restrictions. Spending in the fourth quarter will increase as we expect to complete the deferred roadwork by year-end. In the South, we expect slightly higher harvest volumes as we make up for volume not harvested in the third quarter due to hurricanes and wet weather. We anticipate average sales realizations for the fourth quarter will be comparable to third quarter results. Forestry spending in the South is expected to increase as we deferred activities from the third quarter into the fourth quarter due to wet weather. We also expect hauling costs will increase as we compete with hurricane recovery efforts, which is increasing demand for truck transportation. In the North, we anticipate fourth quarter sales volumes and sales realizations to be comparable to the third quarter. As Doyle mentioned, on October 12, 2017, we announced the redemption of our ownership interest in the Twin Creeks joint venture and the termination of the management agreement, which will occur at year-end. The Twin Creeks activity was reported in Other Timberlands and will no longer be included in our results starting in the fourth quarter. Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to significantly increase as compared to third quarter as the fourth quarter is when we typically expect the largest portion of our real estate transactions to close. We continue to see strong HBU interest in activity across our markets, although transaction volumes in several Southern markets have paused temporarily following hurricane activity. We currently expect approximately $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources business in 2017. Turning to Wood Products, we anticipate fourth quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to third quarter. Strong demand and low inventories throughout the supply chain have led to historically strong October pricing for lumber and OSB. Overall, we expect modestly higher quarter-over-quarter lumber and OSB sales realizations, and slightly higher engineered wood product sales realizations. Sales volume for lumber and OSB will be comparable with the third quarter. In addition, we expect a slight increase in log cost for our Western lumber production compared with the third quarter. We expect the decrease in engineered wood products sales volumes in the fourth quarter as well as higher input costs and increase per unit manufacturing cost due to planned seasonal and maintenance downtime. Chart 11 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of nearly $500 million. Cash from operations during the quarter was $323 million. Capital expenditures for the third quarter totaled $97 million. And we continue to expect our full year capital expenditures to total approximately $435 million, $300 million for Wood Products, and $135 million for Timberlands. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is historically the highest quarter of capital spending. Investing cash flows for the quarter also included $403 million of proceeds from the sale of our Uruguay operations. Moving on to debt, we ended the quarter with $6 billion of debt outstanding. During the quarter, we completed the refinancing of our $550 million term loan which was scheduled to mature in 2020, replacing it with a new $225 million term loan maturing in 2026 and prepaying $325 million. In addition, we paid down a scheduled bond maturity of $281 million during the quarter. Interest expense was $98 million in the quarter, a slight decrease from the second quarter due to a lower average balance of debt outstanding that resulted from the debt pay-down during the third quarter. And now, I'll turn it back to Doyle and look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Russell. I am proud of our third quarter performance as employees across our businesses and functions once again worked together to overcome challenges and produce strong operating results. Looking forward, we remain focused on delivering continued operational improvements and capturing the full benefit of market conditions to drive value for our shareholders. With that, we would like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: And your first question from the line of Mark Weintraub of The Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just one sort of maintenance fee type one. The $20 million in other in the unallocated items, was that reversal of LIFO or what was that $20 million?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Mark, this is Russell. That $20 million is really related one-time gains of sale assets and some operational true-ups, so we wouldn't expect that to occur in the fourth quarter.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Any single significant one or multitude of smaller items?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Really it's multitude of smaller items. We sold some surplus offices and we had some true-ups on some gain calculations.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And any updated thoughts on Southern saw timber pricing and the outlook for next year. It does seem there's been an acceleration of capacity announcements for additional lumber. And just wanted to get your updated thoughts on where that supply-demand balance in saw timber is and when an inflection point might conceivably be reached and we get some improvement in pricing?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, Mark. And we do think there's some potential for some pricing traction as we enter 2018, really driven by four things. Number one, as we mentioned, housing demand continues to grow and we are constructive on housing as we move into 2018. Secondly, as you just highlighted, more capacity is being added, and I'm particularly encouraged by number of recent announcements, including GP announced a greenfield mill in Talladega and said they are evaluating potential additions in Georgia, Texas or Mississippi, all of which would be good locations. Canfor said they are going to increase their Southern production by 300 million board feet and they're evaluating a potential greenfield mill in the South. I think this week's announcement of Potlatch and Deltic getting together and their intent to significantly increase lumber production. West Fraser's purchase of Gilman and their plan to increase capital spending, our 300 million board feet of additional capacity at Dierks and Millport that we've talked about. And all of that is on top of about 1.2 billion board feet of additional lumber capacity that's happening in 2017. So, all of that is good on the demand side. The other thing I would point out – or two other things I'd point out is the Softwood Lumber Agreement. We do fundamentally believe there's going to be less lumber coming in from Canada, either as a result of final duties or hopefully a negotiated agreement. And then the final factor is we're really encouraged by the development of the Southern export markets. We are now shipping to India out of Charleston, South Carolina. We're shipping to China out of the Wilmington, North Carolina. We're continuing to work to develop exports out of other ports including some in the Gulf South. And while it's still early on that, those volumes as we've previously said could be equivalent to a small mill in the 2018 timeframe. So, we think all of those factors are coming together. And as I've said, we are hopeful that we could see some pricing traction on Southern sawlogs beginning in 2018.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: That's super helpful. And lastly tying into that, as you think about the dividend is that mostly going to be determined by what you're expecting to happen in timber profitability? Or the strength that we've had in Wood Products, is that enough that it really does factor into your willingness to move sooner rather than later on the dividend degrees of magnitude?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure. So, let me give you some thoughts on that. Yeah. We are as we've said committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. And going forward, the board will continue to regularly review the dividend in light of a full range of external market conditions as well as our internal improvement. As you very well know, our largest asset is our Southern Timberlands, and we expect the biggest driver for a substantial dividend increase, will be improving pricing for Southern sawlogs as we just talked about, as that will generate a sustainable and growing earnings stream that provides strong support for the dividend over time. With that said, there may be opportunities for incremental increases before that occurs. So, that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks a lot.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I had a question on the OSB market. Prices have obviously rocketed up following the hurricanes. Can you give us a little color in terms of what you're seeing in the OSB market right now in terms of pricing and demand? And then, in terms of your ability to meet customer demand in 4Q, I think you said sales volumes in 4Q for OSB would be similar to 3Q. I think, normally, those volumes kind of fall seasonally. If you're running involves (24:01) kind of floppish sequentially, is that you're just running at higher operating rates or are you deferring maintenance or debottlenecking some capacity? Just any kind of color you can give on OSB market and your ability to meet customer demand would be helpful?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, you're exactly right. OSB markets have been very strong. And I would tell you current realizations for Weyerhaeuser are approximately $40 above the third quarter average, and that's been primarily driven by just underlying strong demand and thin inventories. Anthony, as we look into the fourth quarter, nothing customary what's going on there. As we said, we did take a little bit of downtime in the third quarter for maintenance. We'll take a little bit in the fourth quarter, but we're not doing anything to try to adjust from a market perspective. That's just how the maintenance fell during the year. But we continue to be optimistic about OSB markets. As we all know, we are moving into a little bit slower seasonal period, so that may have some impact. But we continue to be constructive on OSB markets as we move through the fourth quarter and into next year.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, you announced the Twin Creeks exit earlier this month. Can you remind us why that didn't fit Weyerhaeuser's portfolio versus when Plum Creek entered that JV? And then, when you think about the opportunity to acquire timberlands, are you seeing compelling opportunities in the South, any specific regions, and is valuation an obstacle?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, Anthony. This is Russell. As far as Twin Creeks, you're right, that was originally formed by Plum Creek with institutional investors, and then Silver Creek was the manager of kind of the overall relationship. We did close on that transaction last April. Weyerhaeuser had the property management requirements for that, and then we retained a 21% equity interest. As we look at our 13-million-acre portfolio today and the strength of our balance sheet, we really don't need a structure like that to continue to grow the business. When we had originally – or when we had closed in April, we shortened the timeframe from the original 15 years that was negotiated by Plum Creek down to three years, with the intent of having a transition out of the venture, and we had the opportunity to exit the venture a little early, and so we took that opportunity. As far as acquiring timberlands. Go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. No. Just from here on out, in terms of interest level and opportunities in the South, how do you characterize it?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure. We see strong timber pricing in the South. And fortunately, we're in every wood basket in the Southern market. And so we have an opportunity to see really everything that's coming into the market and then everything that's adjacent to us in those markets. So if we see an opportunity to acquire that fits our portfolio and creates shareholder value, we'll pursue that.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. I'd like to actually, Russell and Doyle, just come back on that last question. I thought a couple of quarters ago that you were suggesting the real focus was on the integration of the two companies rather than acquisitions. Is that view now shifted as you get deeper into the integration of the two companies?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. Good question, Mark. And we're about 18 months into the integration of the two companies. I can tell you at least from my perspective, it has gone very well. We still have some work to do, but most of the hard lifting is behind us. As you know, we exceeded our original synergy target and continue to make improvements by implementing the best practices from each company. So as we look forward, we would consider potentially – potential acquisitions. With that said, we're going to be very disciplined, Mark, as we move forward. As Russell said, we are in every major market in the South. We have a good presence in the West. So, we don't feel compelled to grow because we are in every market, so we will be very disciplined, and look for opportunities where we can clearly create value for our shareholders through timberland growth opportunities.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. And then, Doyle, just kind of turning to that Southern Lumber issue because you're correct. You pointed out a number of these initiatives that are out there, and from what we understand in the market, there's actually even more behind that potentially. Are you guys looking at any potentially a greenfield or the acquisition of more lumber capacity? Or indeed, what would be your view sort of overall on kind of growing the Wood Products portfolio?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. And so, as we look at potential growth of the company, as we very consistently said, we think our biggest opportunities will be in timberland. With that said, we would absolutely look at what I would call bolt-on acquisitions in the lumber business especially if it met up with our strategic footprint on our timberlands. In terms of growing capacity, I think our bigger opportunities, Mark, will be by investing in our existing mills, things like Dierks and Millport, as opposed to building a greenfield mill. As we look at the return opportunities from those two options, we think that's the best approach for Weyerhaeuser going forward.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Very good. I'll turn it over, Doyle. Good luck in the fourth quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Hi, guys. Good morning, and thanks again for the details.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: How are you doing? I just want to pick up on the lumber capacity question that Mark keyed up. So, as I recall, Dierks and Millport add 8%-9% to your capacity over the next couple of years, and I remember there's one project comes on this year, and then the other one comes on next year. Can you correct me if I'm wrong in any of that? And what ability do you have to flex your existing capacity beyond this project in the 400-million board feet you're getting from it?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, you're right in terms of the timing. Dierks is in the process of coming on now. We'll see the benefit of that in early 2018, and then Millport is later in the year and into 2019. In terms of flexing our existing mills, George, the – we will continue to work on that. Part of OpEx, of course, is increasing the productivity and the reliability of those mills. And I would tell you we should be able to do that 2% to 3% on an annual basis, and we'll continue to focus on that going forward.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And, Doyle, on that front, you don't need to add shifts to get there, correct? That's just through improving the reliability, in theory, if you needed to. Even though, I know it's not necessarily a good thing from a safety and operating standpoint. You could add later shifts in the workday or a third shift or something to that effect. Would that be a fair assessment?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: That is a fair assessment. The 2% to 3% is just by running our mills more reliably. As you know, we're spending capital at our mills so that helps in some ways to run our mills more reliably. And that does not include any additional shifts.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. One question, can you let us know where currently realizations in lumber are versus your third quarter average?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. As I mentioned, OSB's current realizations are up $40 versus the third quarter, and lumber is up $15 to $20 versus third quarter levels.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Two more, and I'll turn it over. One thing – if we look at the timber outlook for exports, to Asia in particular, the next several years, are there any specific points that give you encouragement? And the question behind the question is, obviously, you're still largest in terms of your exports to Japan. Japan has been kind of a flat to declining market for U.S. exports, I believe, over time. And Japan has been growing its ability to supply its own timber over time as well. So, key points of optimism, if any, in terms of the Asian export market opportunity, considering what's been going on with Japan? And then, lastly, SG&A, it looks like you're more or less plateauing there after really a very good performance early in the OpEx program. Is there anything left to do there? Thanks. And welcome back, Beth, as well.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. We're all glad to have Beth back, so thanks for that comment. In terms of Japan markets, George, as you know, the big driver for us in Japan is post and beam construction. As we said, that is up roughly 2% year-over-year. That for post and beam construction, they need – the Japanese need the Doug Fir that we are able to produce and supply. And as you look forward, most projections have overall housing in Japan as you said flat, but post-and-beam construction continuing to grow and we are, by far, the largest supplier to Japanese saw-millers of the Doug Fir that's needed for the post-and-beam construction.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: And then as far as SG&A, as we mentioned, we've achieved $125 million SG&A target and that was related to the costs associated that we're going to remove from the Plum Creek integration. So, we're very pleased that we achieved that target, and then as Doyle mentioned, we're 80% into the $35 million of the SG&A cost related to what we call the stranded costs related to cellulose fibers. So, our $160 million target, we feel we'll meet that target by the end of the year. Going into 2018, we'll have a continued focus on SG&A. Our OpEx efforts in our manufacturing in the timberlands. We have a very similar mindset as it relates to SG&A. So, that's always an area that we will have a lot of focus on and looking for opportunities to improve and reduce those costs.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks, Russ. That's very helpful. Good luck in the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: You're next question is from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Collin.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First question from me, just going back to Mark's question earlier, maybe I'm posing a little bit differently in terms of the dividend policy adjustment to 85% of CAD over the cycle and again the prepare remarks about housing. Just more specifically, Doyle, where do you think the company and how does the Board think about Weyerhaeuser – where Weyerhaeuser is in terms of the cycle, early, middle, late innings? Just given that there's some moving pieces between the housing outlook, wood product pricing, how do you characterize that in terms of what inning we're in?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. I still think we've got a lot of runway in front of us in terms of housing, Collin. As you very well know, housing, it's historical average, about $1.5 million in starts. This year, we think we're going to be at $1.2 million. So I would say we're in the early to maybe mid-innings in terms of overall – the overall cycle because, as we all know, it's ultimately going to be driven by housing. And also, as we said in our remarks, we think for a number of years, housing is going to continue to improve. So lots of runway in front of us.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then switching to – thinking about CapEx and again in context of where we are in this cycle. I know, Doyle, in the past, you've kind of talked about some of the capital that has been put into the – really to the company on couple different fronts, and maybe seeing that kind of peak at this point in the cycle. Is that still consistent with your thinking or just going back to some of the prior questions about the opportunities that you see across the businesses, could maybe there be – maybe a longer runway of elevated CapEx, just given kind of the cash flow you guys are throwing off right now and maybe some of the opportunities?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. Collin, what I would tell you is we – our CapEx this year is going to be roughly $435 million, $300 million in wood products and $135 in timberlands. We're still working with the Board, but we would anticipate a similar type number in 2018. And then as we've also said, we think over time, we would see that start to tail off in our wood products business as we complete the projects that we're focused on and deliver on our OpEx initiatives and make our wood products business where it will be black at the bottom. And just to remind everybody, we believe we'll be roughly 85% of the way there by the end of this year.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. I'll turn it over. Thanks, Doyle. Bye.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Collin.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: In your comments in terms of the fourth quarter, you mentioned repair and remodel, perhaps stealing some thunder from new home construction, and I'm just wondering kind of how you think that plays out as you move into 2018 because I presume we're not going to finish kind of all that repair work, and labor seems to be pretty tight in the homebuilding side?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. I think if you look at repair and remodeling markets overall, Gail, and I said – directly to your question, we continue to be encouraged there and those are up probably 7% to 8%. The remark we made or I made was regarding the hurricane activity and what we've seen in some markets is the labor that would normally be used to be building new houses is fixing houses that were damaged as a result of the hurricanes. I think we'll continue to see some draw from that as we move into 2018. However, some of the houses that were damaged were completely damaged and those will in fact be new houses that will show up in the housing starts number as we move into 2018. As you know, there's normally a tail on the amount of time it takes to completely recover from hurricane efforts and especially in Houston I would tell you I think that that's going to be somewhat of a tailwind in those markets through 2018. But there's no doubt labor continues to be the biggest constraint whether it's in the overall single family construction or finding labor available to work on the repair of the homes that were damaged from the hurricanes.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. And just again kind of similar question, kind of looking past fourth quarter into 2018, but do you expect any material after effects from the fires in D.C.? And I think one producer yesterday said they're starting to compete a little bit in the U.S. with Canadian wildfires. Just how extreme do you think that might be over the next couple quarters?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I think it clearly had an impact as we talked about in the third quarter. As we move into the fourth quarter, that seems to be normalizing. So, other than the ultimate effect it's going to have on the availability of logs in Canada, which were already being impacted, of course, by the southern pine beetle, I don't see any specific impacts as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. But it was kind of that log availability that I was trying to get some insights into.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: And maybe I missed it, but your comments on kind of the OSB outlook, I don't think you really addressed the new supply coming on and just if you could talk about how that fits into your outlook relative to current incredibly strong realizations there?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, as we – as I said, we continue to be constructive on OSB markets as we move forward. With that said, clearly, there is additional capacity coming online, and we'll see exactly how that comes online and what the timing is. One thing we know about OSB capacity is it's pretty lumpy in terms of coming online. So, I think there will be some disruptions and impacts on pricing as the OSB capacity comes online over the next couple of years. Frankly though, we're going to need – we, as an industry, are going to need some additional OSB capacity as housing continues to grow. So, there won't be an exact match, of course, between supply and demand and the timing thereof. But if you look – if you assume housing is going to continue to grow and then you look at the incremental supply that's going to come online, those should be fairly well matched. There will be some timing issues, as we all know, as we work through that.
Gail Glazerman - Roe Equity Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question if from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Just a question on the balance sheet. I think the leverage is down now. Net leverage is almost to 3 times. And it sounds like after you got the Twin Creeks proceeds, then you have, it sounds like, higher EBITDA sequentially in the 4Q. You'd probably be down, closer to that 2.5 times range to exit the year. So, I'm wondering if you've had any change of thoughts on where that leverage should sit and just kind of general thoughts about redeploying all the cash flow from the Uruguay sale. I know a lot of that was to pay down debt, but that obviously reduces the net leverage. Just any thoughts on the – where the leverage should go from here and whether it's the dividend or share repo or acquisitions kind of where you would sort of prioritize putting incremental cash to work now?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure. So, Brian, as we've stated in the past, our target net debt-to-EBITDA is 3.5 times. You're correct. We're now below that, and that's a function of we had some debt pay-downs this year. We're down to $6 billion of debt, and then we've had growth in EBITDA. And so, that's favored the ratio. So, as far as going forward on the proceeds, we'll look at the proceeds and we'll do our capital allocation program and really allocate that capital in the best way possible to create shareholder value. But that's something we continue to work with the Board on going forward.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: But Brian, I do think it's important to note that our financial priorities have not changed, continue to be consistent and, first and foremost, is returning cash to shareholders primarily through growing dividend, but also share repurchase. So, that's number one on the list.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great. And then just on the Wood Products, it's obviously great performance with the run-up in product pricing, but also a lot of work on the OpEx side. I think last year you got about $65 million of OpEx savings this year that's sort of the midpoint of what you're targeting I think. And just – I know you want to get the 2017 savings in before you start to think about 2018 too much. But could we be in for another year in 2018 where there is something in that ballpark in terms of OpEx savings?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. We, as you would anticipate, are still working on that, Brian. But I would tell, I would – we would anticipate something in a similar ballpark. And as I mentioned earlier, by the end of this year, we're going to be 85% of the way to being what we call black at the bottom, and assuming we get a similar type number and have a similar type target in 2018 and achieve that target, we would be close to 100% of the being black at the bottom by the end of 2018. So, that's how we're thinking about things, are encouraged by the progress we made, know there is more work to do. And we're also encouraged by the fact that now mostly ideas are being bottom up driven, rather than top down driven, and that's also a very positive development for our company.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That sounds great. Yeah. Combined with the cellulose fiber stranded cost removal sounds like a pretty good uplift from cost takeout there. And then, just on the – one last one on the Flak Jacket remediation, just trying to think about how the cash impacts of all this, as it sounds like you've spent $190 million in the quarter, and maybe there's some more to come in 4Q. Just wondering if you got any insurance proceeds yet or maybe the timing on when you'd expect to get that sort of can you kind of think about the impact to cash flows starting from October and going forward?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. Brian, what I would tell you is we expect to receive the reimbursements in 2018 and are very confident on our claim, and we will break those out on a quarter-by-quarter basis as those come in so everybody can track it.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. And, Brian, I would add, we've actually spent $60 million in the quarter. That's the cash expenditures.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. That helps. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Doyle, you said that the Southern land didn't get much damage from the weather. Do you have a sense of other people's Southern land? People we've been talking to don't seem to see a lot of damage in general.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. I would agree with that, Mark. And talking to some of our competitors, I think, unlike some previous hurricanes where you've been around a long time as I have, there was extensive timberland damage. I think that was mostly avoided with these two hurricanes. So, I think from an overall timberland perspective, we were very fortunate as an industry.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Just one more question. On the real estate acreage that you sold, could you give us a rough sense of how much of that was stepped-up land versus not stepped-up?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: We'd have to get back to you on the details, but a lot of the transactions that were closed in the last quarter were in the Montana area. And so, that property would have been stepped up.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Super. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Armstrong with Armstrong Investment. Please go ahead.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Good morning, and congrats on a good quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: First question is your Western log realizations, as you pointed out, are up really nicely year-over-year. Assuming a more normal fire season next year, do you expect the same pricing trend or should log prices stabilize a little bit more as we go into 2018 in the West?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, we're really encouraged by what we see out of the Western markets. I think there's no doubt that the fire season helped on a temporary basis. But as you look at the domestic markets, the log decks were – are thin coming out of fire season. I think more importantly from a domestic market, California housing continues to be very robust. Those permits are up 17%. And we think California is going to continue to kind of outpace the market because it lagged the market for so long. So, from a domestic side, we think demand is going to be strong. We are also, as we look into 2018, encouraged by what we see from export markets, both Japan and China. So, we're optimistic about Western log markets as we move into 2018.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Okay. That helps. Switching gear to Wood Products. You've addressed a lot of the questions. But do you have any insight on your customers' inventory levels? Have any of your customers really been able to rebuild inventories, or are they still tight after all the hurricane events and other – in the strong market?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. What I would tell you is customer inventory levels continue to be lean. Now, I would anticipate as we move into a slower seasonal period, Thanksgiving and Christmas and the winter months, you would start to see our customers have the opportunity to rebuild inventories but currently, inventories continue to be lean.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. Doyle, my first question has to do, and I apologize if this was asked, but if you could talk a little bit about plywood. I know it's not a big business for you, but there's been some bumpiness with imports. And as I think about OSB and the fact that there's less and less substitutability or at least in practice, are you seeing anything that might cause plywood to maybe recouple with OSB, or at least be stronger than it's been in recent years notwithstanding that the last month, few months have been good?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Chip, we don't see anything that's fundamentally changed in those two markets. As you know, we've all watched them together over the past many years in the substitution from plywood to OSB. But as we look forward, we don't see anything fundamentally changing in that relationship.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then the second question is when you look at your distribution of cash, Doyle, and I know you talked a bit about this already, but there seems to be some reluctance to, I guess, to create a steady component of the dividend from Wood Products, and obviously, because of the cyclicality. But how do you wrestle with the fact that it's making so much money now and could continue to? And how do you balance between a stable dividend and distributing cash during periods of very strong Wood Products results, which frankly could persist for a while?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Chip, I'm not sure I would agree with the reluctance comment. What I would tell you is we very purposefully raised our payout ratio from 75% to 85% over the cycle to reflect the fact that we think we have raised the floor on our Wood Products operation due to the significant change we made in our cost structure. We will continue to work closely with our board on the appropriate dividend level going forward, factoring in Wood Products markets and the fact that we're optimistic on Wood Products markets as we said earlier and also, factoring in what we're seeing on the Timberland side. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And quickly for Russell. I don't know if you gave us the specific guide on the real estate EBITDA for the fourth quarter, but if you could just let me know that and what basis we should expect it would be?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, on the EBITDA, we're going to be at about $250 million. And then the basis...
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: For the year.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: For the year, excuse me. So, for the year, $250 million. And then on the basis, we would expect about 40%.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And that's for the year as well?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Correct.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And everyone, we have time for one final question. And it comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. Thanks very much. Good morning, Doyle, Russell and Beth.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Paul.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Hey. Two questions. One on Timberland portfolio. You guys have done a number of things in the quarter – in the past, selling Uruguay, redeeming Twin Creeks, selling $100,000 in the U.S. South. What can we expect going forward here on your portfolio? And I'm specifically thinking about the North, which historically hasn't been part of the Weyerhaeuser portfolio?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: And so, Paul, what I'd tell you and what we've consistently said is we're constantly reviewing our overall Timberland portfolio. We do feel good about the moves we made, both through Uruguay and Twin Creeks, as Russell said earlier, to focus and simplify our portfolio. But we'll continue to look for ways to create value for our shareholders going forward, whether that's through potential acquisitions or potential dispositions from a portfolio perspective.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, maybe just a question on softwood lumber. Canadian companies seem pretty pessimistic on an agreement. In fact, West Fraser went as far as to say that Coalition seems unwilling to negotiate. I don't want you to get into negotiation on the call. But just from your perspective, what's stopping the agreement at this point?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I'm not sure anything is necessarily stopping an agreement at this point, Paul. As we said, we continue to be hopeful that we will be able to reach an agreement with the Canadians. We're working very closely with the Coalition and the Department of Commerce. We fundamentally believe that a quota-based agreement is the best option going forward for all parties involved because of the certainty and the simplicity that it brings to the tables. So that's how we're thinking about it and we'll continue to pursue and hopefully be able to reach an agreement with the Canadians going forward.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Best of luck with that and your financials going forward. Thanks.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Paul.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: As I understand it, that was our final question. I just want to end by thanking everybody for joining us this morning and, as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Weyerhaeuser third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Krista Kochivar - Weyerhaeuser Co. Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co. Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co. James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc. George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Krista Kochivar, Director of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Krista Kochivar - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2017 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer, and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Krista, and welcome, everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter net earnings of $24 million or $0.03 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Excluding after-tax special items of $188 million, we earned $212 million or $0.28 per diluted share. This is more than 1.5 times the earnings from continuing operations we reported in second quarter 2016, and an increase of about 27% from first quarter 2017. After-tax special items for the quarter include a $147 million noncash impairment charge related to the sale of our Uruguay operations, a $31 million charge for Flak Jacket remediation, $8 million for softwood lumber duties and $2 of merger-related cost. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $506 million, an improvement of 23% compared with second quarter 2016 and over 11% compared with first quarter 2017. Each of our businesses delivered strong second quarter operating results with Wood Products leveraging improving markets and ongoing operational excellence initiatives to achieve record adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. In addition, in the quarter, we announced the pending sale of the Uruguay operations, completed the asset value optimization process for our Western timberlands, and eliminated roughly two-thirds of the $35 million of costs formerly allocated to our Cellulose Fibers business, and continue to expect to eliminate the remaining cost by the end of the year. Before covering our business results, let me make a few brief comments regarding the housing market. Housing starts continue to move higher. After a robust start to the year, the pace of starts slowed early in the second quarter before picking back up again in June. Year-to-date, total housing starts are up approximately 4% and single-family starts are up 8%. Leading market indicators remain favorable. Employment and wages are rising, consumer confidence continues to be strong, and mortgage rates decreased from first quarter levels. Single-family permits are up 9% compared to last year and we are seeing especially strong single-family building activity in California and in the South. We expect total housing starts of approximately 1.25 million in 2017. Let me now turn to our business segments. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands, charts 3 to 5. Timberlands' contribution to earnings before special items was $135 million, $13 million less than the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $222 million. Western Timberlands delivered $124 million of second quarter EBITDA, a decrease of $9 million compared with first quarter but an increase of $10 million compared to a year ago. The market for Western domestic logs remained strong in the second quarter, supported by robust building activity in the West and low mill inventories. Log supply remained tight as record rainfall in the Pacific Northwest continued throughout the second quarter. Domestic log sales volumes and realizations increased slightly compared with the first quarter and road and forestry costs increased seasonally even though we deferred some of the projects as a result of the wet weather. Turning now to our export markets, in Japan through May, total housing starts increased 2% compared to the prior year, while post-and-beam starts were up 4%. Our log sales volumes decreased slightly due to the timing shipments and average realizations were comparable to the first quarter. In China, market conditions remain favorable and log sales volumes and average realizations increased compared to the first quarter. Log inventories at Chinese ports declined slightly again in June and remain within a normalized range. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands contributed $91 million to second quarter EBITDA, $5 million lower than the first quarter which benefited from seasonal seedling sales. Fee harvest volumes increased slightly compared with the first quarter and average log realizations were unchanged. Northern Timberlands contributed $2 million to EBITDA, a decrease of $6 million compared with the first quarter as fee harvest volumes declined seasonally due to spring breakup. Average realizations were higher as a result of a mix shift to a greater percentage of hardwood. The Timberlands business made good progress on its operational and excellence initiatives in the second quarter. Regional teams continue to implement best practices for harvesting and transportation. Optimizing wood flows over a larger footprint allows our teams to minimize cost and increase realizations. The business remains on track to achieve its $40 million to $50 million OpEx target for 2017. Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources, charts 6 and 7. Real Estate and ENR contributed $23 million to second quarter earnings and $37 million to adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA declined by $6 million compared with first quarter but improved $9 million compared with the second quarter of last year. During the second quarter, our real estate team completed the asset value optimization or AVO process review on our 2.9 million acres of Western timberlands. The AVO process identified approximately 365,000 acres where we expect to capture our targeted premiums to the underlying timberland values. We will bring these properties to market over time including some in the second half of this year. Wood Products, charts 8 and 9. Wood Products contribution to earnings before special items was $238 million in the second quarter, an increase of 38% over the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA improved $67 million to $274 million, an increase of 32%. EBITDA for lumber totaled $127 million, $28 million more than the first quarter, due to a 7% increase in average sales realizations and a 5% increased in lumber sales volumes. EBITDA for OSB totaled $87 million, $21 million more than the first quarter and more than double the second quarter of 2016. Average sales realizations increased 12% and sales volumes were comparable to the first quarter. All of our OSB mills ran extremely well again in the second quarter. Engineered wood products contributed $52 million to EBITDA, an improvement of $15 million over the first quarter. Average sales realizations increased for all products during the second quarter. We also captured a larger percentage of the February price increase in the quarter than we are originally anticipated. Distribution EBITDA totaled $13 million, an increase of $5 million compared with the first quarter and an increase of $4 million compared to the second quarter of last year. The distribution business remains focused on margin improvement and controlling operating and selling cost. Each of the Wood Products businesses is making good progress on their respective OpEx initiatives through the first half of the year. We continue to expect collective operational excellence benefits of $55 million to $75 million from this segment in 2017. I will wrap up the Wood Products discussion with a few comments on the Softwood Lumber Agreement. On June 26, the Department of Commerce announced preliminary antidumping duties on Canadian lumber producers. For most producers, the duty will be approximately 7%, and will also be assessed retroactively. The antidumping duties are additive to the countervailing duties which were announced at the end of April. Combined, these duties average between 25% to 30% for most producers. The government will continue its investigation through the remainder of the year as the Department of Commerce and International Trade Commission collect and evaluate additional information in support final determinations of the duties and the level of material injury to U.S. producers. These determinations are expected later this year. The U.S. Coalition [U.S. Lumber Coalition] continues to work closely with the Department of Commerce and we remain hopeful we will be able to reach a quota-based agreement. Before I turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our third quarter outlook, let me touch on the Flak Jacket issue we disclosed last week, as well as an update on capital allocation. Regarding Flak Jacket, our top priority is to take care of our customers and their customers. We're working proactively to quickly implement solutions and remediation is already underway or completed in over 100 houses. We've halted all production sales and shipments of these products and we are collecting unused products from our customers. We are absolutely committed to doing the right thing and resolving this situation as quickly as possible. Finally, capital allocation. Since converting to a REIT in 2010, we have communicated a target pay-out ratio of 75% of our funds available for distribution over the cycle. Following the merger with Plum Creek and the divestiture of our Cellulose Fibers business, it is clear to us and to our board that Weyerhaeuser's cash flow profile is significantly different than it was in 2010. After divesting of our home building and Cellulose Fibers business, doubling our timberland holdings, and significantly improving the cost structure of our Wood Products operation, our cash flow is more stable and predictable. Considering these factors, we have determined that the company no longer requires the level of retained cash flow implied by a 75% pay-out ratio and we have made the decision to increase our target pay-out ratio to 85% over a cycle. Going forward the board will continue to regularly review the dividend in light of a full range of external market conditions as well as for internal improvements. We expect the biggest driver for a substantial dividend increase will be improving pricing for Southern saw logs, as that will generate a sustainable and growing earnings stream to provide strong support for the dividend over time. Now let me turn it over Russell to discuss our third quarter outlook.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the third quarter is presented in chart 12 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect third quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be slighter lower compared to second quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, we anticipate slightly higher average sales realizations, with fee harvest volumes expected to decrease modestly compared to the second quarter. Japanese export log volumes will increase, while average sales realizations are expected to be slightly higher compared to the second quarter, supported by continued strong demand in Japanese housing market. Export log volumes to China are also expected to increase, with slightly higher average sales realizations. Third quarter domestic log sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the second quarter, with lower sales volumes. Western road spending was deferred due to record wet weather in the second quarter. Spending in the third quarter will increase as we expect to complete the deferred road work in addition to our typical summer road activities. Logging costs are expected to be slightly higher in the third quarter, because we tend to log in higher elevations during the summer. In the South, we expect higher harvest volumes if the weather improves from a very wet second quarter. We anticipate average sales realizations for the third quarter will be comparable to second quarter levels. Silviculture spending in the South is expected to increase due to seasonality as well as weather-related deferral of activities from the second quarter into the third quarter. In the North, we anticipate third quarter sales volumes to be significantly higher than the second quarter, as we move past the spring breakup season. Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA are expected to nearly double in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter and continue to ramp up in the fourth quarter, which is when we typically expect the largest portion of the real estate transactions to close. We continue to expect over $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources business in 2017. Turning to Wood Products, we anticipate third quarter earnings before special items and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to second quarter. Strong demand and low inventories throughout the supply chain have led to continued strong July pricing for lumber, OSB and engineered wood products. Overall, we expect comparable quarter-over-quarter lumber sales realizations and slightly higher OSB and engineered wood product sales realizations. Sales volumes are expected to be consistent in lumber and engineered wood products with a slight decrease in OSB. Looking at chart 10, unallocated items. The $26 million favorable variance in earnings before special items compared with the first quarter is primarily the result of a $14 million reduction in non-operating pension and other post-retirement benefit costs. In the second quarter of each year, we finalize prior year-end estimates. And as a result of this work, we now expect to record approximately $15 million per quarter of unallocated non-operating pension and post-retirement expense for a total of $60 million in 2017. Our total anticipated cash payments for pension and post-retirement remains unchanged at $70 million for all of 2017 with no funding required for our U.S. qualified pension plan. Chart 11 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $701 million, an increase of $246 million from the first quarter. Cash from operations during the quarter was $489 million, an increase of $454 million over the first quarter, which is typically the lowest cash flow quarter of the year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $87 million. We continue to expect our full year capital expenditures to total approximately $435 million, $300 million for Wood Products and $135 million for Timberlands. Moving on to debt. We ended the quarter with $6.6 billion. Earlier this week, we completed refinancing of our $550 million term loan, which was scheduled to mature in 2020, replacing it with a new $225 million term loan maturing in 2026, and prepaying $325 million in cash. In addition to this refinancing, we also have a scheduled bond maturity of $281 million in August of 2017. Interest expense was $100 million in the quarter. The repayment of the August maturity, which has an interest rate of 6.95% will reduce interest expense by approximately $20 million annually. We anticipate full year 2017 tax rate will be between 15% and 17% based on the forecasted mix of earnings from our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle, and look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Russell. Looking forward, we are extremely well positioned to continue to capitalize on the improving housing market and remain relentlessly focused on driving value for our shareholders through operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. And with that, I'd like to open up the floor for your questions.
Operator: And your first question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Southern log prices were flat quarter-over-quarter. I think that's first quarter since 2015 that prices weren't down sequentially. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in Southern log markets, are you seeing price stabilization or improvement, or was that just mix? Any kind of additional color you could give there would be helpful.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure. Anthony, and what we're seeing in the South is, just as you said, flat saw log pricing. At this point, we do not expect any significant improvement in saw log pricing in the third quarter. We would anticipate it would be flat with Q2. But as we move forward, we do see some potential for some pricing traction as we enter into 2018. If housing demand continues to grow, as you very well know, there's more capacity that's being put in place in the South. The Canadian share of U.S. lumber market, we believe, is going to decline due to either the duties or hopefully a negotiated agreement. And the other thing I would tell you that we're encouraged about is that the export markets out of the South are starting to grow and, in fact, we recently signed a contract for weekly shipments to India. We are also sending weekly shipments to an existing Western customer in China. So we think that has the potential to grow over time. So all of those things we think will ultimately lead to improvement in Southern saw log prices as we move forward.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And understood it's a probably very relatively small amount, but is it possible to quantify export shipments out of the South or maybe where you think they could be by the end of the year?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, so like I said, we're encouraged. It is a small amount at this point in time but we think over time it could grow to 400 to 500 containers a week, which would be, just to give you a sense, equivalent to a small sawmill. So that will make a difference in the marketplace.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just following up on the quota. There have been press reports the DOC might be near a quota that would cap Canadian share at 27% or 28%. I was just wondering if you could give any more color about your preference for a quota versus continuation of duties, and just striking the right balance between resolving the issue quickly but also making sure that your concerns and the Lumber Coalition's [U.S. Lumber Coalition] concerns are adequately addressed?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, and as we've said, Anthony, the U.S. Coalition continues to work very closely with the Department of Commerce and we remain hopeful we'll be able to reach a quota-based agreement and we like the certainly of a negotiated agreement. However, as we've also said, we want the right agreement. And if we don't get that, we'll let the process continue to play out in terms of the duties. So, again, a lot of discussions going on. We continue to be hopeful of a negotiated quota-based agreement which we think would be the best outcome.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Hey, good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: I guess just staying on the Softwood Lumber Agreement, I guess the preliminary duties phase out in August and there could be a gap between final duties, just how do you expect – any sense how customers might react to that?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: That's a good question, Gail. As you very well know, we've seen a improvement in lumber prices that's – so let me say it this way, the overall trend in lumber prices that we've seen, we think has ultimately been driven by supply and demand. And that's due to the fact that inventories are lean and demand continues to be strong. On top of that, we've seen that exacerbated a little bit by the fires over the past few weeks. The way I see it, the uncertainty around the SLA has driven the volatility in pricing but the overall pricing trend has been driven by fundamentals of supply and demand. As the countervailing duty goes off in August, I think we'll continue to see volatility in pricing as that happens. Exactly how that will play out, we'll just have to wait and see, but again encouraged by the underlying supply and demand dynamics. And we're just going to have to see how the SLA plays out going forward and specifically what impact that has at the end of August when the CVD lapses for a short period of time.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: All right, thank you. And can you give a little bit of perspective, I guess Southern Yellow Pine was weaker than SPF, and just how you see that relationship building over the next couple quarters?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, so you're exactly right, those kind of got out of sync during the quarter. I think there were a number of drivers of that, part of it was the duties that have come into place, part of it was FX, and with the Canadian dollar strengthening versus the U.S. dollar. And then of course the fires that have impacted BC over the past few weeks. So I think all of those things resulted in the relative change in SPF to Southern Yellow Pine. I think going forward, you'll see the normal gap that we've normally seen between those come back to normal as those factors play out.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: All right. And just to go to the guidance, you mentioned, I think, that you expected a little bit of improvement in Japanese log prices in 3Q, is that correct? And I'm just curious because I thought log volumes showed a little bit of pressure in June. I'm just wondering if you could give a little more color on the competitive dynamics you're seeing in Japan?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure, and as we said in our comments, we continue to be encouraged by what we see overall in Western log markets, and domestic markets demand continues to be strong, primarily driven by what we've seen in the California market. In Japan specifically, to your point, post-and-beam construction continues to grow at about 4%. And in the third quarter, we do anticipate kind of steady demand and potentially slightly higher prices in the third quarter. So, that's how we see Japan. And then China, as you know, inventory continues to be in very good shape, 3.5 million cubic meters, and there we expect higher volume and slightly higher prices in the third quarter as well. That's how we see the export markets.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. One just really quickly one. You mentioned that you're doing one just really quick one. You mentioned that you're doing weekly deliveries to a customer in the China out of the South, is that cannibalizing the business that you have from the West at all?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Business out of the West is very strong right now, as I just indicated, and in fact, total log imports into China from the U.S. are up 35% year-to-date. So, the amount that we are sending into China is an existing customer, but it's both a growth in overall volume as well as displacing a little bit out of the West. But we're fine with displacing a little bit out of the West based on the strong markets that we see in China.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thanks so much.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Good morning. Wanted to follow up a little bit on the change in the dividend policy and the tying to Southern saw log pricing over the long-term. Should we understand by that that there could be modest or moderate increases in the divided prior to the recovery in Southern saw log pricing? And then you can get bigger ones when there is visibility on that recovery or is it that there really likely wouldn't be any dividend increases until you saw that recovery?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Mark, as we've said, the board's going to continue to review the dividend. It's going to consider all conditions, external market conditions as well as internal improvements and things we're doing. As you very well know, our largest asset is our Southern Timberlands, and very purposeful, we've said we expect the biggest driver for a substantial dividend increase will be improving pricing for Southern saw logs. Because that's what's going to ultimately generate a sustainable and growing earnings stream that would provide additional strong support for the dividend over time. So that's the way we're looking at it and the board is looking at it.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And I realize this is a really tough one. But do you have any – what's your perspective on the potential timing of that recovery in Southern saw timber pricing now versus where your thought process would have been previously? And what drivers are – are there any meaningfully different drivers? And I realize you addressed this in some of your preliminary comments, but any additional color you could give would be welcomed.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure, Mark. And we continue to expect improvement in Southern saw log pricing as we move forward for all the reasons that I highlighted. Housing demand continuing to grow, we're encouraged by what we see there. Continued investment in the South and even yesterday or whatever it was, the announcement of a acquisition by one of our Canadian friends in the South and believe that they will spend additional capital to ramp up production there. We'll see whether we get a quota or the duties stay in place, but that's going to be helpful. And then, again on the margin, we talked about in the export market. So hard to tell exactly when, but we think as we move into 2018 as housing starts grow to north of 1.3 million, that we could reach the inflection point where we start to see some improvement in Southern saw log prices.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just lastly, curious why do you prefer quotas over duties?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, Mark, the reason we like the quotas versus the duties, is it's simple, it's effective, and we think it'll allow the U.S. industry to grow to its natural size. Now, with that said, if we can't get the right agreement in place, we can make the duties work as well. But we just like the certainty of having a duty in place. Everybody understands exactly what that is, and then go forward based on that.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Doyle, good morning, Russell.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Mark.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Doyle, let's just come back to that Softwood Lumber Agreement one more time. I'm just curious, if we don't get a deal in the next few weeks, and then we're in a point where we've reopened these NAFTA negotiations, is that going to kind of preclude getting a deal done on lumber until NAFTA is redone?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Mark, it's hard to answer that question, because we don't know exactly how that's going to play out. I do think if the SLA gets drug into NAFTA that could prolong our ability to reach a negotiated agreement, but there's just a lot of uncertainty exactly how the SLA will interplay with NAFTA at this point.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): You have a guess on your side? I mean, I think we're all kind of scratching our head.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I don't. Yeah, and I wish I could provide more clarity, Mark, but we're kind of scratching our head too just because it's just an unknown.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. The second question I had, Doyle, I know you guys have been very focused on kind of integrating Plum Creek. I'm curious as to whether you think you're at a point where you might start to look at some meaningful acquisitions. There is a lot of timberland that's potentially in the market over the next year or two.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Mark, as we've consistently said, our priorities number one, two and three have been the integration of Plum Creek. We've made very good progress on that, and I'm pleased with where we are. As we move forward, we would potentially look at timberland acquisitions but, as we've also said, the beauty of our portfolio is we are very well positioned and we don't have to grow anywhere. So with that said, we can be very, very disciplined in looking at potential timberlands acquisitions. If we find opportunities that we think will drive shareholder value, that's something we would consider. Otherwise, we'll just continue to focus on what we can do internally to continue to drive improvements in our overall performance and shareholder value.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. That's fair. Last question I had, Doyle. Just any more color on options around fireproofing on the I-joists, the thing that I think Flak Jacket was an attempt to deal with?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Mark, right now – I'm sorry, go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Well, I was just going to say, and I'd also like to get a sense if I could about how big, how many markets that that really is an issue in right now, because I think a lot of this is state-by-state regulation?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: It is state-by-state regulation, Mark. And our focus right now, as you would anticipate, is making sure we're doing everything we can with our customers to resolve the situation with Flak Jacket. As we move forward, we'll be determining how we want to proceed on any future product that would have this fire retardant material.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, fair enough. Good luck in the second half of the year, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah, I had a question just on – first question is, a few weeks ago, we saw that one of the large privately held wood products companies is announcing an engineered wood facility in South Carolina. And I know you've seen a great improvement in your results in that business, but my perception is that's mostly internally driven, not really market driven. So what are your thoughts about that? Do you think the market can handle that addition to capacity?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: You know, Chip, and thanks for making your comment on the internal improvements and clearly part of the improved performance in WP has been internal improvements. But with that said, those markets are also improving. As you very well know, we put in a price increase. That was in February. We saw a significant benefit of that in second quarter. We'll see a little bit more benefit from that in the third quarter. And I just give that background to say as housing continues to improve, we as an industry will need some additional capacity. Now, how that matches up when this mill comes online and it will take a while to get this mill online. As you very well know, startup takes a while. How that meshes with where we are exactly on housing starts remains to be seen, but as housing continues to improve and gets to 1.4 million, 1.5 million, 1.6 million, whatever the number is, there will be additional capacity that will be needed in engineered wood products.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And I don't know, either you or Russell, what are your thoughts about the – you mentioned that obviously the board is going to think about how to approach the dividend in terms of the ongoing rate. But you know it's interesting, obviously the saw timber tie-in in the South makes total sense because saw timber prices of course tend to be a lot more stable than wood products. But you still have this great Wood Products business that's doing very well. Now, I know other companies, one specifically for years has practiced sort of a variable dividend. And then there is another one who yesterday said that they are considering that, just because that is obviously more appropriate given the volatility you have there. Would that be something that you personally would consider or recommend to the board as an override to the ongoing quarterly dividend in years or periods where the wood business is particularly strong?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, this is Russell. As Doyle said, our objective is a growing and sustainable dividend over time. Clearly, the Wood Products business is performing well. We are pinned on Southern saw log as being the catalyst. However, we would take into consideration depending on where the market is at, but our primary focus is growing a steady dividend over time.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A.D. [D.A. Davidson] Please go ahead.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks, good morning.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: I recognize it was a wet spring here in the West, but it sure has been hot and dry in the last month, so are any of your Western lands now operating under harvest restrictions? And is that incorporated into your Timberlands guidance?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: It's a good question, and you're right, it was a very wet spring and now, at least where we live, we haven't seen rain in a month or so. So, at this point in terms of Washington and Oregon, nothing is under a fire restriction at this point in time, but as we all know, that could change quickly as we move forward. So basically, what's incorporated, Steve, in our guidance is kind of what I would call a normal fire season, if there is such a thing. If that changes, you could see further restriction or further tightening, I would say, of log markets in the Pacific Northwest. I would mention in Montana, we do have restrictions in place and no logging at this point in time is allowed after 1 PM.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, I kind of thought we might be going to Hoot here soon. Okay.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you very much.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: It very well could happen.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Armstrong with Armstrong Investments. Please go ahead.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: The first question I have is as land sales pick up in the back half of the year, will there be much change in the mix or will realizations per acre be similar to the first half of the year? Just I noticed that realizations were up nicely in the first half.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: James, this is Russell. As Doyle mentioned, we completed the Western analysis for our AVO or asset value optimization. And we're very pleased with those results and so we'll see some of those acres coming into the market in the second half of the year. As we indicated, third quarter will be double second and then we'll see a ramp-up in the fourth quarter. Those properties will have a higher value than the Southern or the Northern properties. So you may see a change in the average per acre value coming through the program.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Okay, that helps. And then on EWP, switching gears, you mentioned that you had more price realization in the second quarter than you expected, could you comment on how much you expect to get remaining in the third quarter? And will that be it for the February price increase or will some bleed into the fourth quarter?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, so in the second quarter, we realized about 70% of the price increase which, as we mentioned, was higher than we originally anticipated. In the third quarter, we would anticipate an additional 20% and then the balance, the 10%, to show up in the fourth quarter. So that's kind of how we see it playing out.
James Armstrong - Armstrong Investment Research: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning, guys.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just following up on the use of cash line of questions. Looks like you have a balance sheet that's up to about $700 million of cash, and you should get some proceeds from the Uruguay sale soon. Just wondering how share repurchases might fit into the capital reallocation strategy? And as you're contemplating where to move the dividend in a sustainable way, if share repurchases could be a solution to – a little bit of a release valve for some of that cash that's building up on the balance sheet?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure. And as we've consistently said in terms of our priorities for capital allocation, first and foremost is returning cash to shareholders. That'll be primarily through a growing and sustainable dividend. But Brian, as we've indicated, we're also open to share repurchase where appropriate and, as you know, we currently have a authorization of $500 million in terms of share repurchase.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then one – I see you chose to exclude the $11 million duties from the Wood Products adjusted EBITDA. I just wonder in the thought process there, if you guys are viewing that as a one-time thing in nature, maybe because they'll lapse at the end of August or they'll eventually be replaced by a quota? And then maybe could you clarify, is that $11 million tied to the actual lumber sales in the quarter or was there some impact from 1Q sales due to the retroactive nature of the duties?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, Brian you're – this is Russell – correct, we did put that as a special item and there's two components. One is the retroactive countervailing duties and then the go-forward countervailing and antidumping duties. And so we do view those as pretty unique relative to the overall lumber operations and that's why we put it in the special items. And then you're correct, it will drop off in August 28, until there is an actual final determination and then the duties are reinstated. So it'll be a little lumpy coming through if we put it into the operations.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And if we were to think about what an actual, theoretically if the duties did stay at the current levels, and actual expense in the quarter would have been something closer to $6 million or $7 million instead of the $11 million?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, probably $6 million to $7 million.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And the one last one from me, we've seen a big move in the Canadian dollar in the last couple of weeks and months. Could you remind us the impact to your earnings, every $0.01 or so move in the $1 might have? And then thinking beyond just the translation impact, any impact you might expect on trade flows from that? And historically have you seen Canadian imports of lumber dry up a little bit and a little bit more production shift to the U.S. when this has happened?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah, we noted that the change in the relationship on the FX for the Canadian dollar and the U.S. dollar, but we've been operating in a relatively strong dollar environment and we don't really see material impacts on those interquarter shifts. So we really don't look at what is the impact on a per $0.01 shift on that. So we don't think there'll be a material change in the inflows, it'll really be a primarily driven by the SLA and then also some of the restrictions resulting from fires up in Canada.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks very much. Morning, Russell and morning, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Paul.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Morning, Paul.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Just thanks for the updated pay-out ratio that you targeted $0.85, I understand the catalyst is on Southern log price movement. Just on that question, we had a lot of deferrals in the U.S. South following the recession in 2008 to probably 2014, just wondering what your assessment is of the current growth versus drain in the overall South? Are we harvesting more than the trees are growing down there, and when do you think we'll start to see some tension in the market?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Paul this is Russell. As we look in the South, again as Doyle mentioned, with continued strength in the housing market and continued increase in production, we're definitely seeing some rebalancing in some wood baskets. And I expect that as we continue to see the housing market recover and less Canadian volume coming into the U.S. market, we'll see those pensioned (44:22) over time. But it's not consistent across the entire South, but we're definitely seeing some benefits, particularly in the Atlantic South where those markets are starting to tension.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just on the guidance, when you guys for Q3 when you're guiding for Timberlands to be slightly down, is that like a 5% number and then one of the things that surprised me was the lower fee harvest volumes expected in the West and what's the result of that?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, in terms of the guidance we said slightly so I would say that 5% or less in terms of what that would mean in terms of dollars. And then in terms of the lower harvest in the West that's primarily due just to timing. As you know, a lot of what we call farmer wood comes on the market in the quarter, which can have a negative impact on pricing. We tend to back off during that period of time and then capitalize when pricing tends to be a little bit better.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, just on this potential Softwood Lumber deal, I'm pretty aware what happens in Canada on this side. Just it seems like a black box in terms of the Coalition's acceptance of the deal. Maybe you could give us some broad strokes, is that a two-thirds vote requirement and is that on a volume weighted basis for lumber producers in the U.S.?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, Paul, what I would tell you is the Lumber Coalition continues to be very united in terms of the approach on the Softwood Lumber Agreement, and is united behind, as we mentioned earlier, a quota-based agreement. So, I think if a deal can be negotiated that works for both sides, that's something that the U.S. Lumber Coalition would in fact support.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: All right. That's all I had. Best of luck.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with the Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: How're you doing? If I had one last quick one on SLA, recognizing that it might not be something you really want to get into. But just for the record, what do you think the odds are that, as there has been some speculation, that there might be an agreement before the NAFTA discussions begin middle of next month. And to the extent that you can comment at all, has there been a significant narrowing in your view of the bid-ask spread in terms of the quotas that both sides have seemingly wanted to apply?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: George, as you know, there have been a lot of discussions and negotiations between the parties, and what I would tell you is we do in fact remain hopeful that some type of framework can be agreed on before we get into this NAFTA issue. Trying handicap it would be just pure speculation. But again, we do remain hopeful, and we think some progress has been made.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. No, Doyle, that's actually quite helpful. Thank you for that. Russell, quick one for you. Remind me the basis for the land sales the rest of the year, what should we be modeling for, for the segment?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: George, I'd say the basis is probably 40% to 50% for the full year.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, back to the question of supply coming into the market, and recognizing, one, that it's ultimately good for the Timberlands business and hopefully the Southern business in terms of saw log pricing, and pulpwood pricing, and then also that your view is going to be ultimately that housing growth will absorb the capacity coming on. There has been a lot of capacity announced, as mentioned earlier, you have the EWP facility going up in Southern Carolina. You have the lumber projects in South Carolina and Northern Carolina, Florida, and you have an OSB announcement of a restart, I think today. Which of those markets do you feel have the most ability to absorb the oncoming capacity? And which would give you maybe a little bit of caution in terms of the absorption rate, at least initially, and why and why not? Thank you, guys, and good luck in the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, George. And what I would tell you is going from the ones I think have the most ability to absorb to where it may be a little lumpier in terms of absorption, I would say first is lumber. I think this additional lumber capacity is going to be needed and it's going to be absorbed without significant disruptions or potentially any disruption to the market. EWP, I talked about. We talked about it a little bit earlier, and we think as housing continues to grow, additional EWP capacity is going to be required and that capacity that's been announced is still quite a bit out in terms of when that will come online. And then finally OSB. As we know, OSB tends to come on in big chunks and I think clearly we need additional capacity, the industry probably needs additional capacity as OSB markets are tight and housing continues to grow. And we'll just have to see how that production phases in. One thing I would note is new mills, it always takes longer to start them up than most people factor in. And then some of these are restarts of mills that have been down for a very extended period of time. It will take some time to ramp those up as well. So that's how we think about the additional capacity that's slated to come online.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then on that latter point, Doyle, you'd say six months to a year in terms of the startup curve for an OSB mill restarting?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: That's probably as good as any, George.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I'd just like to close by thanking everyone for joining us this morning and, as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude Weyerhaeuser second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth L. Baum - Weyerhaeuser Co. Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co. Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.
Analysts: Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc. Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth L. Baum - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2017 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Beth, and welcome, everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter net earnings of $157 million or $0.21 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Excluding after-tax special items of $10 million for merger-related cost, we earned $167 million or $0.22 per diluted share. This is over 2.5 times of earnings from continuing operations we reported in the fourth quarter and one year ago. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $454 million, an improvement of 14% compared with the fourth quarter and 35% compared with the first quarter of 2016. I am very pleased with our first quarter performance as we illustrated the power of leveraging internal improvements across improving markets. Our employees did an outstanding job of capitalizing on operational excellence initiatives, merger-related synergies and strengthening market conditions to achieve outstanding operating and financial results in the quarter, while also fully delivering on our increased $125 million merger cost synergy target. One year into our merger with Plum Creek, I'm proud of what our teams have accomplished and the dedication and focus they continue to display as we work together to be the world's premier timber, land and forest products company. Before turning to our business results, let me make a few brief comments regarding the housing market. Housing activity began 2017 on a very solid trajectory. Total housing starts averaged over $1.25 million for the first quarter, an improvement of 8% compared with last year despite some unusually wet West Coast weather. Single-family starts rose 9% in the month of March and are up 6% year-to-date. Leading market indicators are also favorable. Single-family permits are up 13% compared with first quarter of last year and builder confidence remains near record highs. Employment and wages are rising, consumer confidence has surpassed pre-recession levels, and interest rates, although increasing, remain historically low. Our customers are reporting robust demand with strong activity in California as winter weather has mitigated and signs that an increasing number of millennials are entering the home-buying market. Labor and lot availability remain the most active constraints, but builders are motivated to manage through these challenges and capture the benefit of favorable market conditions. The spring selling season appears to be off to a robust start and we continue to expect between $1.25 million and $1.3 million total housing starts for 2017. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with Timberlands, charts 3 to 5. Timberlands contributed $148 million to first quarter earnings, $25 million more than the fourth quarter. Adjusted EBITDA rose to $242 million. Western Timberlands delivered $133 million of first quarter EBITDA, an improvement of over 30% compared with the fourth quarter and 13% more than a year ago. The market for Western domestic logs was stronger than expected during the quarter as the combination of solid building activity and low mill inventories drove demand, while unusually wet and snowy winter weather reduced the available log supply. Our Western team did an exceptional job of taking full advantage of our scale and operability, flexing harvest settings to some lower elevation tracks and leveraging our strong road system as they directed additional volume into the most tensioned domestic markets. Domestic log sales volumes and realizations increased compared with the fourth quarter and unit logging and road costs decreased due to lower logging elevations, continued operational excellence improvements and deferrals from silviculture, and road maintenance activities due to wet weather. Turning now to our export markets, in Japan, housing activity remained solid with year-to-date start-up of approximately 5% through February and demand for our logs has remained steady. Although Japanese construction activity typically moderates in the first quarter due to winter weather, log sales volumes were up slightly and average realizations increased compared with the fourth quarter. In China, log sales volumes declined compared with fourth quarter due to timing of shipment and our intentional decision to flex volume into this strong domestic market. Average log realizations improved and market conditions remained favorable. Log inventories at Chinese ports remain within a normalized range, having risen early in the first quarter before declining in March as construction activity resumed following the Lunar New Year holiday. Moving to the South, Southern Timberlands contributed $96 million to first quarter EBITDA, lower than the fourth quarter due to seasonally lower harvest volumes and slightly lower average realizations. Southern markets remain flat as log availability was plentiful due to favorable weather and mills are holding adequate inventory. Fee harvest volumes declined seasonally compared with the fourth quarter and average log realizations were slightly lower due to a higher proportion of pulpwood sales. Although pulpwood log realizations weakened during the quarter as seasonal maintenance and other mill shutdowns reduced demand, realizations for our delivered saw logs were comparable. Northern Timberlands contributed $8 million to EBITDA, an improvement of $1 million compared with fourth quarter as the region benefited from OpEx initiatives to reduce contract logging costs. Fee harvest declined seasonally and average realizations were comparable. The Timberlands business made good progress on its operational excellence and synergy initiatives in the first quarter. Regional teams continue to identify and roll out best practices for optimizing spending and value creation for our silviculture activities and improving wood flows to further reduce cost and maximize the realization we capture from every log. The business is on track to achieve its $40 million to $50 million OpEx target for 2017. The strategic review of our Uruguay operations continues to proceed well with strong interest from multiple parties. We look forward to providing further information when the review is complete. Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources, charts 6 and 7. Real Estate and E&R contributed $26 million to first quarter earnings and $43 million to adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA declined by $47 million compared with the fourth quarter but improved $9 million compared with the first quarter of last year. Fourth quarter is typically our seasonally strongest quarter, while first quarter typically reflects the lowest level of transaction activity. Earnings were comparable to fourth quarter earnings before special items as first quarter had a lower average land basis on the mix of property sold. Average price per acre improved by $500 due to mix. Approximately three-fourth of our first quarter acreage sales were located in the U.S. South with the remainder predominantly in the Pacific Northwest. In contrast, fourth quarter included a large transaction in Montana where timberland prices are regionally lower. Our team continues to make excellent progress applying the asset value optimization process to our Western Timberland and I remain very confident we will meet our target of completing this work by mid-year. Wood Products, charts 8 and 9. Wood Products contributed $172 million to first quarter earnings, an increase of nearly 75% compared with the fourth quarter. Adjusted EBITDA improved $75 million to $207 million. EBITDA for lumber totaled $99 million, $42 million more than the fourth quarter, primarily due to a 5% increase in average realizations. Lumber sales volumes increased 6%. Operating rates and manufacturing costs improved due to strong operating performance and reduced downtime for maintenance and capital projects, although several Western mills did lose small amounts of production due to weather. EBITDA for OSB totaled $66 million, $20 million more than the fourth quarter and more than double the first quarter of 2016. Average sales realizations increased 3% and sales volumes increased 21%. All of our OSB mills ran extremely well in the quarter and unit manufacturing costs declined due to higher operating rate and strong OpEx progress on controllable manufacturing cost. Engineered wood products contributed $37 million to EBITDA, an improvement of $11 million compared with the fourth quarter. Sales volumes for solid section increased 11% and I-joist volumes were up slightly. Operating rates rose seasonally and unit manufacturing costs improved due to less planned maintenance and holiday downtime. Average realizations for solid section and I-joist declined slightly due to mix as first quarter typically includes a greater proportion of commodity and industrial products. Distribution EBITDA totaled $8 million, an increase of $3 million compared with the fourth quarter and double the EBITDA of one year ago. This business continues to make progress by improving product margins and tightly managing warehouse, delivery, and selling costs across increased sales volumes. Each of the Wood Products' businesses made good progress on their respective OpEx initiatives during the quarter with OSB and distribution demonstrating particularly strong results. We continue to expect collective OpEx benefits of $55 million to $75 million from this segment in 2017. I will wrap up the Wood Products discussion with a few comments on the Softwood Lumber Agreement. On April 24, the Department of Commerce announced preliminary countervailing duties on Canadian lumber producers. For most producers, the duty will be approximately 20%. These duties will become effective upon publication in the Federal Register. For some producers, the duties will also be imposed retroactively effective 90 days prior to publication. The Department of Commerce continues to evaluate the coalition's petition for antidumping duties, which would be additive to the countervailing duties announced earlier this week. We expect a preliminary decision on the antidumping duties to be reached on June 23. We appreciate the action the U.S. government has taken to address the unfair trade practices that are harming U.S. lumber producers. The government will continue its investigation throughout of 2017 as the Department of Commerce and International Trade Commission collect and evaluate additional information in support of final determinations on both the duties and material injury to U.S. producers. These determinations are expected in early November and late December, respectively. We continue to prefer the certainty of a negotiated agreement. Formal discussions remain on hold, pending confirmation of the U.S. Trade representative. In the meantime, the coalition is working closely with both the Office of the USTR and the Department of Commerce. We look forward to resuming formal negotiations and are hopeful we will be able to reach a quota-based agreement. I will close this morning with a couple of comments on merger cost synergies and other cost reductions. As I mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to achieve our merger cost synergies ahead of schedule and at levels that exceeded our initial expectations. We captured our original $100 million run rate target at the end of 2016, several months earlier than anticipated, and have now exceeded that by 25%, fully delivering on increase of $125 million run rate target by year one deadline. Approximately 80% of these costs have been achieved through reductions in controllable SG&A, while the remainder have come from cost of sales. We remain on track to eliminate the $35 million of cost formerly allocated to our sale of Fibers business no later than 2017 year-end. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the second quarter is presented in chart 12 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be lower than the first quarter and comparable to second quarter of 2016. Western saw log markets continue to perform well with solid domestic and export demand, while Southern saw log markets remain flat. We also expect seasonally higher road, logging and silviculture costs as we begin the spring and summer months. In our Western Timberland operations, average sales realization should increase slightly, but fee harvest volumes are expected to decrease modestly. Japanese export log volumes and average sales realizations should be comparable to the first quarter supported by continued strength in the Japanese housing market. Export log volumes to China are expected to be higher in the second quarter as a result of the timing of shipments and continued favorable demand. Average sales realization should be comparable. Domestic log sales volumes are expected to decrease slightly compared to the first quarter, while average sales realizations should increase slightly supported by continued steady demand. Western road costs are expected to be higher than the first quarter due to additional road spending which is typical as road building activities increase in the second quarter and the catch up on activity which was not completed in the first quarter due to weather. Logging costs were also increased due to planned shifting of harvest activities to higher elevations. While an increase in higher elevation logging is typical in the spring months, they'll be more notable than usual because we flex some first quarter activities to lower elevations due to unusually wet and snowy weather. Southern harvest volumes are expected to be higher in the second quarter, as more favorable weather allows for increased access to harvest areas. We anticipate average sales realizations for the second quarter will be similar to first quarter levels. Silviculture spending in the South is expected to increase due to typical seasonality. In the North, we anticipate second quarter sales volumes will be significantly lower than the first quarter due to spring breakup season. Average sales realizations will be comparable to the first quarter levels. Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter are expected to be comparable to the first quarter. As is typical for the real estate business, activity will begin increasing in the spring and summer months with a large portion of sales closing in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect over $250 million of adjusted EBITDA from our Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources business in 2017. For Wood Products, higher sales realizations for lumber, OSB, and engineered wood products, along with higher sales volumes for most product lines, will result in significantly higher adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter. Overall, we expect earnings and EBITDA to improve by approximately 20% to 30% compared to the first quarter. Before moving to unallocated items, I'd like to highlight a new accounting standard we've adopted in the current quarter which changes how we report pension and post-retirement costs. Previously, we recorded this activity within cost of products sold, general and administrative expenses and other operating costs. The new accounting standard results in a reclassification of most of these costs to a new line item below operating income titled non-operating pension and other postretirement benefit costs or credits. The total amount recorded in the statement of operations does not change. Looking at chart 10, unallocated items, the $28 million variance in earnings before special items compared with the fourth quarter is driven by a $33 million increase in non-operating pension and other postretirement benefit cost. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, this expected variance is primarily the result of the annual update to our pension and postretirement actuarial assumptions, which included a decrease in the discount rate used to measure the liabilities of both our U.S. and Canadian plants. We expect to record approximately $20 million to $25 million per quarter of non-cash pension and postretirement expense in unallocated throughout the remainder of 2017. As stated in our prior earnings call, we do not expect to make any cash contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan in 2017. And we anticipate cash payments in 2017 of approximately $70 million for all other pension and postretirement plans. Chart 11 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $455 million. Cash from operations during the quarter was $35 million. The first quarter is usually our lowest operating cash flow quarter due to inventory and other working capital build, as well as the timing of semiannual interest payments. The current quarter also included $59 million in net taxes paid, primarily attributable to the foreign tax payments associated with the 2016 gain on the divestiture of our pulp mills. Capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled $75 million. We continue to expect our full year capital expenditures to total approximately $435 million, $300 million for Wood Products and $135 million for Timberlands. Financing cash flows included $233 million for common dividends paid in the first quarter. Moving on to debt, we ended the quarter with $6.6 billion of long-term debt. We have a scheduled maturity in August of 2017 for $281 million, which we intend to repay with available cash. Interest expense was $99 million in the first quarter. We expect interest expense to be similar in the second quarter and approximately $400 million for the full year. We continue to anticipate the full year 2017 tax rate will be between 15% and 17% based on the forecasted mix of earnings for our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle and look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you, Russell. I noted at the beginning of today's call that internal improvements and strengthening market conditions can create a powerful combination. Our first quarter results demonstrate this. And with a solid improving housing trajectory, favorable dynamics across our Wood Products businesses and continued leverage from operational excellence and merger synergies, we are well-positioned to deliver continued strong results. Although markets are improving, we will not lose focus on the factors under our control. We remain committed to fully capturing the benefits of our merger with Plum Creek, achieving industry-leading performance and demonstrating disciplined capital allocation to drive superior value for our shareholders. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Doyle, a couple questions around the South. One, can you update us on where you're at with the capital program at the Southern saw mills and whether a resolution on this trade issue could lead you to invest more capital in Southern lumber operations?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, Mark, as we have consistently talked about, we are focused on investing capital to drive down our cost in our overall Wood Products operation. For last year, this year and for probably the next couple of years, we will be investing at approximately $300 million level in our Wood Products operation overall. We would not anticipate investing more than that during the timeframe. And, in fact, after investing at the $300 million level for the next couple of years, we would anticipate going back down to what I would call a more normalized level of between $200 million and $250 million. We are very encouraged by the initial returns on the capital that we have spent. And that part of the capital in our lumber operations – specifically again the focus is to drive down cost to low risk, high-return project. But we also will be increasing capacity modestly as we rebuild a mill in Dierks and that will be coming on later this year and also a mill in Millport. So, net-net that will add about another 300 million board feet of capacity but again, the focus is on driving down our cost.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And just one related question. I noticed in looking at some of the trade data that the Southern log export volumes are up more than 100% year-to-date. I know Plum had been doing some work in trying to develop these markets. I wondered if you could talk about what you are doing to kind of participate in this and whether there are any things you can do to encourage kind of more log export volume out of the South because it looks like it would really help to kind of create a little more tension in the markets down there?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: We agree with you, Mark. We think it would be helpful from that perspective and we're doing a lot of work on identifying and promoting export activity out of the South. We've had some initial successes still at a very small level but spending a lot of time talking to potential customers and starting to develop those markets and frankly are pretty optimistic about it. It's still early, still small volumes but we think there's a real opportunity to expand Southern export markets as we move forward.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then just lastly, Russell, are you guys – can you give us any number for what you expect to pay in countervailing duties on the Canadian operations this year?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yes. So we've done the calculation on the countervailing duties with the volume coming out of our Canadian operation into the U.S. And based on a high-level estimate, we would expect about a $6 million cost on a per quarter basis.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. I just wanted to delve a little bit further into operating rates in the supply side across your wood businesses. So recognizing you've got the capacity coming on later on in wood products and in lumber, Doyle, currently, what would you estimate of your operable capacity what your operating rate is? One of your peers was reporting yesterday that they've obviously been able to take up their production through capital projects and optimization programs. Do you have further ability to flex your existing capacity without running at impractical levels either from a waste or safety standpoint? And then, on OSB, I think, you said production was up something like 20%. Congratulations on the performance. What further ability do you have to take your production up and do you think you garnered a bit more share than peers in this quarter and why? And then, I had one follow-on. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, in terms of operating rates, George, in the quarter, lumber was in the low-90s. As we mentioned, our OSB operation ran very well. It was in the high-90s and ELP was in the mid-80s. You're always looking for opportunities to increase reliability and, therefore, increase production. Our mills are running well. There's always, what I call, creep in terms of being able to increase production but there's not big steps other than what we've already talked about in response to Mark's question of what we're doing on the lumber side to increase significantly incremental capacity. So, what we're focused on is running reliably and at the lowest cost as possible.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And, I guess, on OSB, you're pretty much – if you're in the high-90s, you're pretty much tapped out. Would that be fair and do you think you garnered more share than peers in the quarter? And if so, was it geographic mix or something else do you believe?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Other than creep, I would agree with you. We are almost maxed out in OSB and don't believe we necessarily grew share. We've been running at pretty high levels in OSB other than taking some maintenance downtime and those type of things. So, we just ran extremely well in OSB in the quarter and demand for the product was very good despite the fact that the first quarter is normally a slower seasonal period.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate that, Doyle. Thank you. My last one, I'll turn it over, as we think about the AVO program, and I realize the details will come out in June, so maybe this is getting a little ahead of the curve. If we think about the premiums that you've been getting in the South, would it be fair to say that in the West you'll be less likely to achieve that same premium probably because development and land values for that matter in the West are harder to do and higher priced respectively or how would you have us at least preliminarily think about that? Thank you, guys.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: What I would tell you is that we were encouraged by the process so far in the West. As you also said, we'll be talking more about that when we wrap it up. With that said, as we very consistently have said, we're looking for a premium of 30%. And I would anticipate that we will achieve that premium or more in the West just as we have in the South.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's great. Thank you, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just a clarification. On the OSB, that big percent increase in volume, that was versus the fourth quarter where you were fire impacted? Was that also against the prior year first quarter?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Mark, really good question, and glad to be able to clarify. You're right. A big part of the pickup in first quarter versus fourth quarter was due to the fact that Sutton was running for the full quarter. My comments were more due the fact that in OSB in the first quarter we ran in the high-90s, as I indicated, but quarter-to-quarter you're exactly right.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And then you mentioned in the prepared remarks about a 20% to 30% improvement in EBITDA. Was that specific to Wood Products or was that for the company as a whole looking 2Q v 1Q?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Again, thanks for clarifying. That was a specific comment regarding Wood Products and that range is due to the fact that we don't know exactly what prices are going to do from this point forward. If prices stayed where they are today or moved up, it would be at higher end of the – towards the 30%. If they rolled or turned down from this point, it would be closer to the 20%. So that's the reason for the range. With that said, Mark, that comment was very specific to Wood Products.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, lastly, is there any visibility at all as to timing on when duties might become quotas? And I realize you certainly don't have anything specific, but are we talking potentially quarters or is that more likely a process that could take years?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: You're right, Mark. We don't know exactly, but I would be – I am hopeful that we could be in a situation where we could enter into a negotiated agreement – a quota-based agreement sometime this year.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then, lastly, if I could. On the duties that are being collected, what happens to those duties? Is that determined yet or is that yet to be decided?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Well, those duties go to the U.S. Treasury and are held by the U.S. Treasury.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Might they go back to U.S. sawmills as I think they did last time or not necessarily?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. Not necessarily. That was a negotiated agreement, as you will recall, after many months back and forth. Some of it went back to U.S. sawmills. Some of it went back to the Canadian producers. So, that was part of the negotiations. So, I don't think – we'll just have to see how this plays out as we move forward.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe. Please go ahead.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Hi. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Just starting on the Western log market, the weather that you suggested that impacted your ability to harvest some higher elevation, how much do you think that contributed to the overall market pricing in the quarter? And have you started to see kind of better harvest conditions take some pressure off?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, as I said in the comments, Gail, we were very pleased with our ability to leverage our scale operability, get roads during the quarter to capitalize on the tight markets. What I would tell you as we moved into the second quarter we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the West, continued strong demand. To your point, the mill inventories remained thin, especially in Oregon. They're better than they were at some points in the first quarter. But mill inventories continue to be thin. And I would tell you overall, as Russell indicated, we anticipate prices in the West to be up slightly in the second quarter. So, weather has improved. We are able to move up into the higher elevation in the second quarter. But we're very pleased with our ability to capitalize on what happened during the first quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thank you. And going back to the trade agreement, do you have any sense of how the markets might have anticipated that and how much that might have played into what you saw in lumber pricing in the first quarter?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Gail, as you know, it's hard to determine how much, if any, impact the overhang from the waiting for the quarters to come out had on pricing. What I will tell you is I think key drivers to the pricing improvement were the fact that inventories were very lean going into the first quarter and demand was better than expected. I think all you have to do is look at OSB which didn't have the whole tariff situation and those prices ran as well. So, I'm not going to tell you that the SLA didn't have an impact on pricing in the first quarter because I'm sure that it did. But I think it was more – had more to do with the volatility in pricing that we saw. I think underplaying supply and demand was the biggest driver of the improvement in lumber pricing that we've seen year-to-date.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: And do you feel that the CVDs as announced were pretty much in line with what the market was expecting or do you think there's tons of surprise that it was 20% and not fairly lower?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I think there was a lot of speculation as you very well know, Gail, on what those rates would be. What I will tell you is they came in about where we expected that it would. And I think now we'll wait and see what happens in the antidumping and what the overall number is as we move forward.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. And just, finally, can you talk a little bit what you're seeing in terms of log export markets, in particular the competitive environment there? Any incremental or release in (35:09) pressure out of Russia, for instance, going into China? Any incremental competition Japan from Europe?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yes. So, what I would tell you is we continue to be encouraged by what we see in the West overall, including the key export markets which, of course, for us are Japan and China. In terms of Japan, Japan housing market remains solid. 2017 total starts are up almost 5% year-over-year through February. Demand and pricing per logs, as we said, was solid in the first quarter and we anticipate that's going to continue into the second quarter. In terms of China, inventories there are in good shape which as you know is a real key. And in March, it's roughly 3.8 million cubic meters. We anticipate that inventories are going to remain at reasonable levels through 2017. And in the second quarter, we anticipate volumes are going to rise and we'll have log prices that are comparable to the first quarter levels. And we anticipate as we move through the balance of the year continued strong demand and pricing to be up slightly for the remainder of the year in China. I do not see any big moves in terms of competitors kind of maxed out in terms of the infrastructure challenges that we have. So, we did see an increase in U.S. exports to China so far in the first quarter of 2017 and that number is up pretty significantly versus first quarter of 2016.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning, Collin.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First question just going back, Doyle, in February, I believe you indicated that you're hopeful we'll see some slight improvement in log pricing in the U.S. South as we move into the second half of the year. Just can you update us on your thinking here just in context of what's happening on the lumber side of the business?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yes. So, what I would tell you is, at this point, Collin, we don't expect any – let me start about what we've seen in saw log pricing. So, if you go back and look at the last four quarters in terms of just saw log pricing, it's been very flat. You've seen some pressure on pulpwood pricing, but saw log prices has been very flat over the past four quarters. As we look into the second quarter, we don't expect any significant improvement in saw log pricing. We do continue to believe there is some potential for, maybe, some minor pricing traction in late 2017 as demand continues to grow and the Canadian (38:04) markets decline, whether it's due to duties or, hopefully, as I mentioned, earlier in negotiated agreement. Now, longer-term, as we've talked about, we're very optimistic that due to the additional housing demands, the incremental capacity that's coming online in the U.S. South and right now that's at least 12 million tons of additional demand that's in the process of coming on line and then again less lumber from Canada. We think all of those things are going to add up to provide us with the opportunity for much better pricing on Southern saw logs as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's a helpful update there. And then maybe switching gears, can you just maybe touch more on your outlook for OSB pricing throughout the year just against the backdrop of, clearly, better pricing here at start of the year, better residential construction activity, but then also the potential for more supply?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, we're optimistic about OSB pricing for the year of 2017. We talked about that it was up nicely in the first quarter. But as you look at where it is in the second quarter, current prices are up probably 10% versus the first quarter average. And we think based again on the strong housing demand that we've seen and the current supply, that OSB pricing should be good for the year 2017. As we move into 2018, as you highlighted, there will be some incremental capacity that comes online. But we're going to frankly need some of that as housing continues to grow. And the other observation I would make is it takes a while for a new capacity to get up and be fully running. So, we'll see how that plays out, but we're hopeful that supply and demand continue to be in good shape as we move forward.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. And then just one last one from me, just going back to the OpEx goals. And, again, in the prepared remarks, you highlighted you were on track to achieve that in the Wood Products side. Is there any way to quantify or think about how much of the 2017 goals were captured in the 1Q number versus what you saw ahead of you as far as the runway of just kind of the OpEx side of things regardless of what happens with product pricing?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, what I would tell you is in Timberlands, as we talked about, we're right on track for the $40 million to $50 million. So, I would say in the quarter, we got about what you would expect if you just do it on a quarterly basis. In terms of our Wood Products operation, Collin, as we said, we had particularly good quarters from a OpEx perspective in OSB and distribution. So, I would tell you at least for – and it's just one quarter out of four but through the first quarter we're ahead of schedule in both of those businesses and I would stay right in line with our other two businesses which are lumber and EWP.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: It sounds like the U.S. and Canada nearly had a softwood lumber deal late in 2016 and someone on the Canadian side thought they'd get a better deal with President Trump. I guess that's true if the bonehead moved on Canada's part. But as the largest U.S. lumber producer, presumably you are privy to the details. So, can you say whether the terms were similar to the deal that expired in October of 2015 and...?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: No. Steve, not surprisingly, we don't have any comment on negotiations that go on between the U.S. and the Canadian governments.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Well, clearly, the two countries need one another. So, it sounds like you're looking more for a quota.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Well, clearly, the two countries need one another. And, as I said, we are very hopeful of a negotiated agreement between the U.S. and Canada as we move forward.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then I'll switch gear with one other question. You made some nice progress on engineered wood and it's great that it wasn't driven by price. But it's interesting to me that price is down when generally high lumber prices I thought were conducive to substitution into EWP. So, why were prices down...?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yes. So, what I would say – I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, I was just going to say why are they down and are there any initiatives to raise prices?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. There are in fact initiatives to raise prices and we have announced a 7% to 10% price increase and are encouraged by the progress we're making on that. Of that 7% to 10%, we should realize that by the end of the third quarter with maybe 25%, 30% of that in the second quarter and most of the balance of that to be realized in the third quarter. To your first comment, the reason prices were down slightly was primarily due to mix and the fact that the first quarter typically includes a greater mix of commodity and industrial products, which carry a lower price. So, just as you indicated, positive lumber pricing good for EWP and we anticipate EWP prices moving up for the balance of the year.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks very much. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: I just want to – I had a question on timberland values. (43:57) report was questioning some of the softness in the market and we see the transactions that are there. They seem to be a little bit all over the place. But the idea of softness was sort of – and it's more in the U.S. South with the idea of disappointing U.S. South saw log prices and higher discount rate. Are you seeing that at all or are you seeing more robust market conditions?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: No, Paul, we haven't seen that at all. What I would tell you is demand for high-quality, well-managed timberland remains very strong. As investors continue to view timberland as an attractive part of their portfolio, timberland valuations remain steady. We're participants to all the major deals that come to market and have not observed any changes in the valuation trends overall. As you very well know, there was a big transaction that happened this quarter by one of our competitors. That was at a nice level in terms of value per acre. So, we continue to see strong interest from a diverse group of investors in every deal that comes along, again, for high quality, well-managed timberland.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just on a potential deal on softwood lumber. You guys are clearly in favor of quota. Would you like to share with us sort of what percentage of quota you would like to see?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Paul, that is ongoing – or those will be ongoing discussions between the Canadian and U.S. government. And, again, hopefully, we can reach a agreement that works for all involved by the end of this year.
Paul Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Yeah. Hi, guys. It's actually Salvator Tiano filling in for Chip. So, firstly, a little bit on the land sales. You're guiding for EBITDA of $250 million this year. So, over the next five years or even more, we know there's quarterly seasonality, but how lumpy will this EBITDA be on a year-on-year basis?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, on the Real Estate, yes, as you indicated, that can be a little lumpy because it's more transaction-based. But I think what we'll see coming in, as I indicated in the second quarter, will be comparable to first quarter and then we'll see a majority of the transactions close in the fourth quarter. That's probably the typical pattern of closing any cash flow that you'll see in this business. We just don't get a lot of activity in the winter months and then it backloads at the end of the year.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Sure. So, on a yearly base, let's say, from 2018 and onward, do you expect a lot of variability on a year-on-year basis?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: No. I think we've indicated that we would expect the Real Estate and Energy & Natural Resources business to contribute anywhere from 10% to 15% of our total adjusted EBITDA. And so, that's pretty much where we target that business.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. Perfect. And just on the acquisition front. Given that Wood Products are performing very well, are you considering selective acquisitions on that front and if so, which specific categories, lumber, OSB?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: So, what we've said is currently our priorities number one, two and three are making sure we successfully merge Plum Creek and get to the bottom-line all the benefits from that merger. And as we indicated earlier, we made a lot of progress, but still have more to do. So, that is our primary focus. As we move forward, we will look for opportunities to grow our company. We think our biggest opportunities will probably be in Timberlands. With that said, if we can find appropriate acquisitions in Wood Products, especially if it's close to our timber base, those are opportunities we would look at from a bolt-on perspective. And we'll continue to identify opportunities for that as we move forward.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Makes sense. And just clarify, you mentioned you preferred if it's close to – if the mills will be close, I guess, to the Timberland assets, but you would be open to do separate transactions, let's say, lumber mill that's not a part of a bigger operation with Timberland as well.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I'm not sure I understood your question. Say that again?
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Sure. I think you mentioned you would be open to acquiring some wood product asset that may not be close to Timberland assets. Is that correct? So, you'd be...
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Well, we would factor in everything in terms of potential bolt-on acquisitions. It would probably be more attractive if it was close to our Timberland. But would we' necessary rule it out if it wasn't near our Timberland? Probably not. But, again, our Timberland base most sawmills, for example, would be more than likely aligned with our Timberland base.
Salvator Tiano - Vertical Research Partners: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, Doyle, Russell and Beth.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Good morning.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Really strong result in Wood Products. I think the pricing that everyone tracks public benchmark price is up a lot. Your own realizations seem to lag it maybe just by a little bit. I was wondering if there's a little bit of a timing lag on recognizing some of the market prices. Maybe pre-sell some volume a little bit ahead of time. Is that the case and is that something that we should just expect going forward? And could you kind of quantify how much of a lag there might be?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Yeah. So, there clearly is a lag and especially in strong markets like we had in the first quarter. With extended order files the lag tends to be maybe, if anything, a little longer than normal. But what I would tell you as we've moved into the second quarter, prices have continued to improve. As I indicated earlier, current prices for OSB more than 10% – ARC (50:19) realizations are up more than 10% versus the first quarter average. And we've also seen a nice improvement in lumber prices with quarter to-date lumber prices up roughly $30 versus the first quarter average. So, you're exactly right. There is a lag, but it is ultimately realized and the lag is a little longer when you're at the situation where you have extended order files, which is a good thing.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks for the help there. Just sticking with Wood Products, really good engineered wood product volumes. Just wondering if any of that, in your mind, had to do with pre-buying ahead of the price increases that are out there in the market for the spring? And just wondering if that would have been a factor in the strong volumes.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I think that may have been a small factor. I think it was more driven by what we've seen on the housing front, Brian, but I can't tell you there wasn't any pre-buying. But as we move through the second and third quarters I indicated earlier, we will fully capture the 7% to 10% price increase that's being put in place.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then switching gears, you made some comments at the Investor Day back in December about the dividend just kind of reevaluating the payout ratio and how you and the board would think about it going forward. It's been a while since we've gotten a change in the dividend. Just wondering about your updated thoughts on it and timing and how that strategy is coming together.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: Sure. So, as we've consistently said, we are committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. With 90% of our assets in Timberlands and a significantly improved cost structure for Wood Products. Our go-forward cash flow will be much more stable than it's been historically. We continue to work with our board on the appropriate payout ratio and the timing for increasing the dividend going forward. And as you would expect the board factors in many things when considering the appropriate dividend level, including the pace of improvement in housing, Southern saw logs and Wood Products as well as the benefits from our internal initiatives for operational excellence and operational synergies. So, that's how we're currently thinking about it.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And in terms of timing, is there a particular meeting within the year where the board takes it up or pay special attention to it?
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: We have no specific cadence in terms of our dividend review.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. Just one last one for Russell, if I could, on the – the working capital seemed a little bit – like a little bit of a bigger use of cash than historical. Maybe that's due a little bit with the Plum Creek in there, but I know that had to do with the taxes coming out of the Cellulose Fiber sale. But just wondering about your thoughts on for the full year how you think working capital will be a source or use of cash or maybe flat?
Russell S. Hagen - Weyerhaeuser Co.: I would expect it to be pretty consistent with the prior years. You're right. We did have probably an increase in working capital just because of the addition of the Plum Creek lands. We have inventory builds in the North, particularly in Montana, which would mean you'd see an increase in some working capital in the first quarter which we saw. But I wouldn't expect anything out of the ordinary for the remainder of the year.
Brian Maguire - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Doyle Simons for closing remarks.
Doyle R. Simons - Weyerhaeuser Co.: As I understand, that was our final question. And I just like to close by thanking everybody for joining us this morning. And, as always, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Baum – Director, Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons – President and CEO Russell S. Hagen – SVP and CFO
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup Global Markets George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Collin Mings – Raymond James Gail Glazerman – Roe Equity Research Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Group Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Brian Maguire – Goldman Sachs Mark Connelly – CLSA Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Brent. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2016 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you Beth and welcome everyone. 2016 was a transformational year for Weyerhaeuser. Through our merger with Plum Creek and a $2.5 billion divestiture of our Cellulose Fibers business we became a focused timberland and forest products company and nearly doubled the size of our timberland holdings. In the midst of executing these portfolio changes, we maintained our relentless focus on performance.  In 2016, we increased full-year EBITDA by almost 55% to nearly $1.6 billion. We delivered the highest annual wood products earnings in over a decade. We captured merger cost synergies faster than expected and raised our 12 month run rate target by 25% and we achieved over $100 million in operational excellence improvements. Finally, we returned $2 billion of cash to shareholders through the repurchase of common shares.  For the full-year 2016, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings of just over $1 billion or $1.39 per diluted share or net sales of $6.4 billion. These results include the solid fourth quarter performance I will highlight this morning. Our fourth quarter net earnings were $551 million or $0.73 per diluted share on net sales of $1.6 billion. This includes after tax earnings of $489 million from discontinued operations, primarily the gain on divestiture of our pulp mills and after-tax special charges of $44 million for a tax adjustment associated with repatriation of Canadian earnings following our Cellulose Fibers divestiture, merger related expenses, and some non-cash real estate impairments.  Excluding these items, we earned $106 million or $0.14 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter totaled $400 million. This is an improvement of over 60% compared with a year ago and represents substantial increases in each of our operating businesses. Before discussing our business results in more detail, I will make a few comments on the housing market. Single family housing activity continued a steady improvement in the fourth quarter. Single family starts rose 10% compared with the third quarter and ended up the year up 9% compared with 2015. Total U.S. housing starts finished the year at nearly 1.17 million, a 5% improvement from 2015. As expected, the single family share of activity increased during the year and multi-family activity remained volatile. For 2017, we expect single family housing starts to increase by over 10% and we anticipate total housing starts of approximately 1.25 million to 1.3 million.  Economic fundamentals support a trajectory of continued steady housing growth. Employment and wages are rising. Consumer confidence is strong, mortgage rates remain historically favorable, and public surveys indicate that builder confidence remained near historic highs. Although builders are managing through some constraints such as availability of skilled labor, stringent permitting requirements, and land and construction cost inflation, our customers echo the optimism seen in builder surveys and feel confident that housing market will maintain solid upward momentum. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with timberlands. Chart 4 to 6, timberlands contributed 123 million to fourth quarter earnings, 1 million more than the third quarter and 223 million to adjusted EBITDA. Western timberlands contributed $101 million to fourth quarter EBITDA compared with 109 million in the third quarter. Export log volumes declined due to seasonally slower construction activity and timing of shipments. Average realizations, however, improved moderately across all export markets as market dynamics remained favorable.  In Japan, housing activity remained solid with wooden housing start up 8% for the full year. Japanese lumber inventories which were elevated for much of 2016 after a delay in the consumption tax increase continued to decline to the seasonally slower construction period and are now at more normal levels. This created favorable supply demand dynamics and supported improved pricing in the quarter. Pricing for our Chinese export logs improved also. Fourth quarter log inventory to Chinese ports were largely flat with third quarter levels and we experienced continued strong takeaway throughout the quarter. In the Western domestic market, sales volumes were lower as mills took holiday downtime but average realizations improved slightly. Low mill inventories drove demand particularly in Southern Oregon market.  Our Western crews did a good job adjusting harvest plans to adapt to record October rainfall. Our fourth quarter harvest lines were unaffected by weather and we had no infrastructure damage. However, per unit logging cost and road spending increased compared with the third quarter due to the wetter weather. Moving to the South, Southern timberlands contributed 112 million to fourth quarter EBITDA, up 4 million compared with the third quarter. Southern markets remained flat as mills had adequate inventory, and average log realizations were largely comparable to the third quarter. The harvest volumes increased modestly as fourth quarter typically included a higher volume of stumpage sales. As in the West, our crew successfully flexed target settings to adjust to November severe weather and we had no material damage to our timberland.  Silviculture expenses declined as fourth quarter typically includes fewer site preparation and hardwood management activities. EBITDA for Northern timberlands totaled $7 million. This was unchanged from the third quarter on comparable prices and volumes. The strategic review of our Uruguay operations is proceeding well. We continue to see strong interest and look forward to providing further information when the review is complete.  Real estate, energy, and natural resources, chart 7 and 8. Real estate and ENR contributed $13 million to fourth quarter earnings. Excluding special items, the segment earned $27 million, $12 million more than the third quarter. EBITDA increased nearly two thirds -- let me start over, EBITDA increased nearly two and a half times to $90 million. Our average price per acre declined due to mix as fourth quarter included a large transaction in Montana where timberland prices are regionally lower. For the full-year 2016, we sold approximately 83,000 acres or roughly 0.6% of our land base. Fourth quarter special items included $14 million of non-cash impairments. These resulted from a change in strategy for several small legacy real estate projects that were formerly targeted for development. The asset value optimization work continues to proceed well. As we indicated during our December Investor Day, we have finished applying the AVO process across our Southern ownership and are in the process of listings in the 500,000 newly identified acres. Our focus has now turned to the West where we are evaluating our Washington and Oregon acres. This work is going very well and remains on track for completion by mid-year 2017. Wood products, charts 9 and 10. Wood products contributed $99 million to fourth quarter earnings. The business delivered full-year 2016 earnings of $512 million, the strongest annual earnings since 2005. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $132 million, $71 million lower than the third quarter primarily due to seasonally lower sales volumes and operating rates. Lumber contributed $57 million to EBITDA, $28 million lower than the third quarter. Sales volumes declined 12%, average lumber realizations decreased 2%, and Western log costs increased. Operating rates were lower and unit manufacturing cost increased due to planned downtime for installation of capital projects at several of our Southern mills. Heavy rains and regional flooding resulted in modest weather related downtime in some of our Western and Southern locations and higher manufacturing costs for our Canadian mills. EBITDA for OSB totaled $46 million, $17 million lower than the third quarter. Sales volumes declined 18% and average sales realizations were comparable to the third quarter. Operating rates declined due to downtime for planned maintenance as well as repairs to our Sutton, West Virginia mill. As we previously disclosed, the Sutton mill experienced a fire on November 1st. This was an insured event. Repair activities progressed rapidly and successfully and the mill resumed full production around year-end. The net fourth quarter financial impact of this fire on OSB business was approximately $5 million, the amount of our deductible as we brought the mill up and received insurance reimbursements faster than expected. We anticipate no net financial impact from this event in the first quarter as modest repair expenses should be offset by reimbursements received within the quarter.  Engineered Wood Products contributed $26 million to EBITDA, $17 million lower than the third quarter. Sales volumes for Solid Section and I-Joists declined approximately 10% and operating rates were lower due to planned maintenance and holiday downtime. Average realizations increased modestly. EBITDA for distribution totaled $5 million, slightly lower than the third quarter. By focusing on improving product margins and tightly managing cost, the business performed well in what is typically a seasonally challenging quarter. I will now turn to discontinued operations chart 12. We closed the sale of our pulp mills and printing papers business on December 1st and November 1st respectively. This completed the divestiture of our Cellulose Fibers segment. Net after tax earnings from discontinued operations of 489 million are primarily comprised of the gain on these two divestitures. Chart 13 operational excellence, as I mentioned in my opening remarks I'm proud that each of our businesses maintained its relentless focus on improving relative performance and delivered strong 2016 operating results throughout the merger integration process. Each of our business has met or exceeded its 2016 operational excellence target. Timberland has delivered 42 million of operational excellence improvements primarily from merger related operational synergies.  In Wood Products OPEX improvements included $16 million in lumber, $21 million in OSB, $12 million in Engineered Wood Products, and $15 million of EBITDA improvement for distribution. The benefits of these improvements are clearly visible on our bottom line. In total wood product EBITDA improved by almost $270 million in 2016 compared with 2015. A $41 per thousand square feet year-over-year improvement in our OSB realizations created a tailwind of $120 million and an $11 per thousand feet improvement in our lumber realizations provided a tailwind of approximately $50 million. The remaining $100 million improvement was largely attributable to nearly 65 million of wood products OPEX and the addition of the Plum Creek wood products mills. For 2017 we are targeting additional operational excellence improvements of $95 million to $125 million across our businesses. This includes $40 million to $50 million in timberlands, [Indiscernible], $20 million to $25 million in OSB, $10 million to $15 million in Engineered Wood Products, and $5 million to $10 million in distribution. I will now touch briefly on our merger cost synergies. We have been achieving our targeted cost synergies faster than anticipated. And as we mentioned in December the scope of opportunity has exceeded our initial expectations. We raised our cost synergy target by 25% to $125 million and remain highly confident we will achieve this full amount on a run rate basis by the end of first quarter 2017. We also remain on track to eliminate the $35 million of cost formerly allocated to our sale of fibers business no later than 2017 year end. I'll close this morning with a few comments on the softwood lumber agreement. Although discussions between U.S. and Canadian negotiators continued through the end of 2016 we have been unsuccessful in reaching an agreement. With the change in administration, negotiations are currently on hold while U.S. trade representative and Department of Commerce appointees are confirmed and take office. In the meantime the U.S. International Trade Commission and Department of Commerce have continued to evaluate the petition for countervailing and anti dumping duties filed by the U.S. Coalition at the end of November.  On January 6th the ITC unanimously determined that there is a reasonable indication that the U.S. has been materially injured by imports of softwood lumber products from Canada. The U.S. Department of Commerce is currently conducting an investigation that will result in a determination regarding preliminary duties. We expect the announcement regarding preliminary countervailing duties in late April with an anti dumping determination following in late June. Our preference remains for a negotiated agreement. The U.S. coalition continues to work closely with the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative and we look forward to resuming negotiations. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our first quarter outlook.
Russell S. Hagen: Thank you, Doyle and good morning. The outlook for the first quarter is presented in chart 16 of the earnings slides. In our timberlands business we expect first quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be comparable to the fourth quarter. And our Western timberlands operations we expect increased log sales volumes and slightly higher average sales realizations in the first quarter primarily driven by higher export mix. Export volumes to Japan and China are expected to increase as a result of the timing of shipments and continued favorable demand.  Domestic log sales volumes and average sales realizations are expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter as a result of continued stable demand. Western road costs will decrease due to lower road spending which is typical in the winter months. Southern harvest volumes are expected to be seasonally lower than fourth quarter level as a result of harvest timing in some of our southern markets. We expect average sales realizations for the first quarter to be similar to fourth quarter levels. Silviculture spending in the South will be higher than in the fourth quarter as we perform more forestry activities such as competition control and fertilization during the first quarter of the year.  In the North we anticipate first quarter sales volumes will be slightly lower than the fourth quarter. But we expect average sales realizations will be comparable to the fourth quarter levels. Real estate, energy, and natural resources earnings and adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter are expected to be slightly -- significantly lower from the fourth quarter as a result of the timing of our real estate sales, the first quarter EBITDA comparable to the first quarter of 2016. We typically close fewer transactions in the first and second quarters of the year as recreational buyer traffic slows during the winter months. The spring and summer months are the most active selling seasons with the largest portion of the sales closing in the second half of the year. We continue to expect over 250 million of EBITDA from our real estate and energy and natural resources business in 2017. As we discussed at our December Investor Meeting, we expect land bases as a percentage of real estate sales to be between 45% and 65% for the full year 2017.  For wood products we anticipate higher sales volume across all product lines in the first quarter as we enter the spring building season. We expect manufacturing costs will improve as our operating rates return to normalized levels following fourth quarter's decreased levels resulting from maintenance and capital project installations. Realizations remained relatively strong going into the fourth quarter as we did not experience the seasonal declines in wood product pricing that typically occur during the holiday season. We anticipate lumber and OSB sales realizations in the first quarter will be comparable to fourth quarter levels. Overall for wood products we expect adjusted EBITDA and earnings for the first quarter will be higher than the fourth quarter and will be roughly $50 million dollars higher than the first quarter of 2016. Chart 11 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. For the fourth quarter, the $31 million earnings experienced in unallocated items is driven by $20 million increase in non-cash charges related to LIFO inventory adjustments, profit elimination, and foreign exchange. Moving on to our retirement and pension plans, the year-end 2016 funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and post employment retirement plans decreased by $383 million compared to 2015 as a result of the decrease in the prescribed discount rate.  Discount rates decreased by approximately 20 to 30 basis points for both the U.S. and Canadian plants. We did not make any cash contributions to the U.S. qualified pension plan in 2016 and we don't anticipate any cash contributions in 2017. Cash paid for all other pension and other post employment retirement plans in 2016 was nearly $100 million which included onetime payments related to the Plum Creek merger. We expect cash payments in 2017 will be approximately $70 million. We expect to report approximately $100 million of noncash, unallocated pension and post retirement expense in 2017.  Chart 14 summarizes our key financial items. As Doyle mentioned we closed the sale of the Cellulose Fibers pulp mills on December 1st pursuant to U.S. GAAP to receive and use of cash proceeds from the sale are recorded in different categories within our cash flow statement. The 2.2 billion of cash proceeds from the sale is showing cash from investing activities. Immediately following the close of the sale on December 1st we used a portion of the proceeds to pay off the $1.7 billion term loan which you can see in cash flows from financing activities.  Finally, we paid $494 million of taxes related to the sale of our Cellulose Fibers mills in the fourth quarter which is recorded in cash from operations and results in the negative $151 million of net cash from operations. Excluding the cash taxes paid on the Cellulose Fibers sale during the fourth quarter of 2016, cash from operations would have been $343 million. Moving on to debt, we ended the quarter with $6.6 billion of long-term debt. We have one scheduled maturity in August of 2017 for $281 million which we intend to repay with available cash. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter totaled $207 million including $22 million related to discontinued operations. Net of discontinued operations, capital expenditures for the full year 2016 was $425 million. Looking ahead to 2017 we expect total CAPEX will be approximately $435 million, $300 million for wood products and $135 million for timberlands. Interest expense was $108 million in the fourth quarter. We expect interest expense will be approximately $400 million in 2017. Our 2016 effective tax rate for continuing operations was approximately 18% slightly above our earlier forecast due to a tax adjustment reported as a special item in the fourth quarter in connection with the sale of our Cellulose Fibers business. For 2017 we expect the tax rate will be between 15% and 17% based on the forecasted mix of our earnings for our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. I’ll wrap up with chart 15 which provides some additional detail on our share count and repurchase activities. During 2016 we repurchased 68 million shares at an average price of $29.49 per share. There were no share repurchase activity in the fourth quarter and we ended the quarter with about 749 million shares outstanding. Now I’ll turn the call back to Doyle and look forward to your questions. 
Doyle R. Simons : Thank you Russell. I am proud of our 2016 achievements. We have transformed our portfolio, delivered strong operating performance, and taken substantial strides towards a successful and value creating merger integration. And in 2017 I'm very optimistic about the opportunities in front of us. We remain strongly committed to driving industry leading performance, capturing merger synergies, fully capitalizing on improving markets, and demonstrating disciplined capital allocation to drive superior value for our shareholders. And now I’d like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons: Good morning Anthony. 
Anthony Pettinari: With regards to the CAPEX guidance, and I think you said 300 million for wood products. Is it possible to say if you're adding or debottlenecking capacity in lumber and OSB for the year and roughly what percent capacity growth you might anticipate? And then specifically with regard to the anti dumping duties which we might get in spring/summer, are you taking steps to rebalance capacity between the U.S. and Canada in your system?
Doyle R. Simons: So let me start with your second question regarding the anti-dumping duties and we are not taking any steps to rebalance, Anthony. As we've talked about previously, if you look at our Canadian operation, about a third of our Canadian operation is sold -- of our production is sold in Canada, a third is sold in export markets outside the United States, and a third comes into the U.S. Overall, our Canadian lumber operations is roughly 20% of our overall lumber operations, so you take that 20% times a third it's not a big part of the driver for our lumber operation. In terms of CAPEX Anthony, the $300 million is in line with what we've done over the last couple of years, and our primary focus in our CAPEX in our Wood Products operation is low risk, high return projects that drive down our overall cost structure and that's been a key part of accomplishing our OPEX. With that said, some of those projects do in fact result in debottlenecking and additional capacity, and as we've also stated we are in the process of rebuilding two of our mills Dirk's and Millport, which have been really good mills for us historically. But, in order to significantly dive down the cost structure of those mills, we essentially needed to rebuild them in place and that will result in some additional capacity as well. But again, the primary focus is on the cost side where we will be increasing capacity as a result of some of the projects that we've put in place.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. And then just regarding the real estate guidance for 2017, should we expect land sales to be weighted towards the South and maybe the North as you're still working through AVO in the West and if you could just talk generally about the demand you're seeing for timberlands and rural lands and if you could highlight any difference in demand between the West and the South?
Russell S. Hagen: Sure Anthony, this is Russell. So as you know the real estate business is a little lumpy but getting through our AVO process in the South, and as Doyle indicated, we're starting to work through to bring some of that AVO work to market. So we identified the 500,000 acres and now we're starting to bring a portion of that into the marketplace. I would expect the activity to be weighted a bit to the South. We still have opportunities in North obviously and we will be looking at that. As we get through the AVO process in the West, we'll start looking at what opportunities there are to bring that to market. And as far as demand for the rural real estate, the South definitely has continued demand. There's a really strong recreational buyer activity in the South. We do have demand in the North obviously but it is a little different buyer, and it's more of a small plot, small timberland plot-type ownership. But we see good strong demand in the South for recreational properties.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone, good morning. Thanks for all the detail and congratulation on the progress. First question, I just wanted to double check something. I thought I heard you say Russell that the pension liability ultimately went up, I want to say something like $300 million, but you didn't anticipate funding being required this year. If I heard that correctly, could you discuss why and I think you also threw out a pension expense figure for this year but I did not catch that, if you could repeat that that will be great? 
Russell S. Hagen: Sure, so the pension liability or the pension – the funded liability was down $383 million and as far as the pension expense it did increase. And that's really a function of a couple of things. Well, the first is the return on the pension assets, so we did decrease our rate down from 9% to 8%, and then we have additional amortization pension loss. So that's really driving the increase. And that total on an unallocated basis is $100 million. And as far as the funding, you know, the funding requirements are really prescribed by GAAP funding and then IRS funding. So we don't have any funding requirements in 2017.
George Staphos: Okay, thank you for the clarification there. Could you talk about what operating rates recognizing it's early in the year and a lot can change, what kind of operating rates do you think you'll be running at across the major wood products businesses? And then as it relates to distribution and engineered wood products, are you finding any opportunity to further marry those businesses and have them coordinate to a greater degree, as the -- and take share within the large builder pack market?
Doyle R. Simons: George, in terms of operating rates, we are optimistic about demand as we move into 2017 for all of our products. So I would tell you there will be some seasonality as there always is, but I would anticipate lumber operating in the low to mid 90's, OSB operating in the low to mid 90's, ELP normally operates about 10% lower than that, so I would anticipate that being in mid 80's type range. But as I said, we are encouraged by what we're seeing in terms of demand. And as we talk to our customers, they are bullish on housing and increasing demand for all of our products in 2017.  In terms of the coordination between engineered wood and distribution, that's something that’s here where we also have done a lot of work on. And I would tell you those two operations are working more closely together than they ever have historically. And that's been very beneficial in driving improvements in both our EWP and our distribution business and I think there will continue to be further opportunities for that coordination as we move forward. 
George Staphos: Doyle is there a way to size if at all what kind of benefit you might get from that in 2017? And then my last question, not that you haven't had great performance on this over the last couple years, but I noticed a little bit of a pickup in G&A, is that just still the residual effect of just putting Plum Creek into the business or are there other expense categories that are growing that you'll need to manage for in 2017? Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, George. In terms of G&A I would tell you that the slight increase in fourth quarter versus third quarter is just timing. We are if you look at where these companies were before we combine them in 2015 versus where we're going up in 2017, we're highly confident that we're going to meet or exceed our $125 million target by the end of the first quarter of 2017. And as I said earlier we are at a basically $100 million run rate through the fourth quarter of 2016. So in really good shape on our G&A and as I mentioned earlier the $125 million is 25% higher than what we originally factored in when we announced the merger.  In terms of the engineered wood products and distribution coordination and quantifying that George, as you would expect that is difficult to quantify but that is part of the OPEX improvements that we've highlighted in 2017. And there maybe some upside as these two operations continue to work closer together and figure out a way to drive value for customers and improve bottom line profitability.
George Staphos: Thank you for the details.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Hey, good morning. First question from me just as it relates to the lumber dispute. As we enter the potential look back window, have you started to see any change in Canadian shipments for the U.S. just more broadly in the marketplace?
Doyle R. Simons: You know Collin it's hard to tell yet. I mean we're only into the -- through the month of January and as you know the look back will be roughly 90 days. So, hard to determine yet if there's been a significant change in the Canadian activity. As you know Canadian activity was up significantly in 2016 and we'll be watching how that plays in 2017. A lot of rumors floating around as to what may or may not happen but too early to tell what changes if any the Canadians maybe taking as we move into 2017 in the potential look back period.
Collin Mings: Okay, thanks for that Doyle and then switching gears just I maybe splitting hairs here but just your guidance on real estate seem to maybe be a little bit more optimistic than the December Investor Meeting, just given kind of language around looking for it to exceed the 250 million in adjusted EBITDA. Am I reading too much into the language choice there or is there something kind of driving maybe a little bit more optimism on the real estate front?
Doyle R. Simons: Well Collin what I would tell you is as we continue to learn more about our real estate operation and what the opportunity is there, we continue to be encouraged by the AVO process and what that is unveiling. So we are confident that, that number will be over $250 million for 2017.
Collin Mings: Okay and then curious just given the potential for tax reform, can you touch on how important 1031 exchanges are to the real estate business. I know that's something that Weyerhaeuser legacy has engaged in to some degree but how do you think about it now just kind of given your current pack that it’s on a combined basis?
Russell S. Hagen: So Collin this is Russell, as far as the 1031 program you're correct, Weyerhaeuser had used that in the past and that was primarily because they were in the built in gains period. So now that they're out of the built in gains period so on a combined basis rather built in gains period it’s really not a tool that we would use going forward in a meaningful way.
Collin Mings: Okay great. I'll turn it over. Thanks guys.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you Collin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead. 
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning. Can you give a little bit more color on what you're seeing in the export market, A lot of other commodities have seen a big uplift in volumes to China, are you sensing any of that at all in either log or lumber either from North America or some other parts of the world?
Doyle R. Simons: So Gail we continue to be encouraged about what we see in the export markets. Let's start with Japan as you know that's our biggest market. So as we said earlier prices were up in fact in the fourth quarter which was encouraging. Volumes were down but that was due to seasonality and frankly some of the timing of our shipments and how the ships played out that were going to Japan. In the first quarter in line with your point we do anticipate volumes will be up. And our best guess right now is flat pricing but we continue to be encouraged by what we see out of Japan. Housing market activity was up 8% roughly through the month of November which is the last data point that we have. As we look to China encouraging there as well. As you know log inventories continued to be at normal levels, pricing was in fact up in the fourth quarter. Volume again was down seasonally and as we move into the first quarter continuing to anticipate good demand out of China and we anticipate volumes up in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, can you give a little bit more color on the charges on some development projects, are there any projects that we might have heard of, or are they just really small?
Russell S. Hagen: Yeah, this is Russell. So as we've gone through an AVO process part of that is also to identify any kind of small development projects and Weyerhaeuser had done some small development activities really around and tied it with maybe some minimal infrastructure type investment. As we went through the portfolio, given the change in our strategy as it relates to development, we chose to move those into an HPU [ph] category and sell through those a little quicker. And because of that we took the impairment against those assets but so very small properties -- properties and we don't expect to have any material impairments going forward in future.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, Doyle, can you give any sense of where your customer log inventories are positioned moving into the year?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, I would say customer log inventories in the West are kind of towards the low end of normal as we as we move into the year. And I would say in the South they are kind of at normalized levels in terms of where you would have seen log inventories historically. 
Gail Glazerman: Okay, and just last one. Obviously you're looking for fairly stable Southern pricing in the first quarter, can you give any perspective on what your outlook is for the year, are you seeing any sense of traction of building?
Doyle R. Simons: You know our take is the first and second quarter we would anticipate pricing to be essentially flat. We do think there's the possibility of slight improvements in pricing as we move to the second half of the year and then as we look further out than that we continue to be quite optimistic about the improvement in Southern log prices. As housing continues to improve that will drive demand. As you also know there are significant projects that are being built and will be coming online in 2017 and 2018 type timeframe that we think that's going to drive 12 million to 13 million green tons of additional demand.  And then of course a big component of this will be what happens with Canada and we think either as a result of hopefully a negotiated agreement which will result in a quota or the duties that that will have an impact on the amount of lumber that is coming in from Canada which will result in more demand on Southern saw logs. So all those factors we are encouraged by what we see there and like I said are hopeful that we'll see some slight improvement in the second half of this year but more importantly as we move into 2018 and beyond. We think we're going to see some pricing power as a result. 
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you. 
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. A couple follow ups first. Do you guys get a sense of inventories of the customers on logs, do you have a view where they are on lumber and OSB?
Russell S. Hagen: Mark, I would tell you that our sense is inventories for lumber and OSB are pretty thin. I would say it is on below normal levels and that seems to be how our customers are running their business but I would say inventories are latent. 
Mark Weintraub: Okay, bit of a hypothetical but have you been able to do any work, have any thoughts if a border tax adjustment were to be part of a new tax bills, etc what would that mean for lumber and for that matter OSB coming in for Canada. I don't know if you've gotten any -- it would be treated any differently or any thoughts on implications there?
Russell S. Hagen: Hey Mike, this is Russell. As far as the border tax adjustment we've kind of looked at the implications of that. But as Doyle mentioned given we have relatively low volumes coming in from the Canadian operations into the U.S. we're primarily a domestic producer and sell into the domestic markets. We don't think it would have a material impact on our operations or in fact on us. 
Mark Weintraub: I guess, coming from kind of the other angle, would it have material implication on wood coming in from Canada not produced by you essentially, homebuilders not going to be as inclined to buy the woods from the Canadian and essentially act as a further umbrella for U.S. pricing?
Russell S. Hagen: I mean yes, that could be a factor and the amount of volume that comes down from Canada I would say that's a possibility.
Doyle R. Simons: But a lot of these changes to the markets we're doing a lot of work on it but it's still too early to know exactly how these will play out under this administration. But a lot of moving parts that could have frankly potential benefits for our company going forward.
Mark Weintraub: Understood, appreciate it. I wondered just if whether there was anything that would be different about materials coming in from – wood products coming in from Canada, but there's nothing that's being talked about that would differentiate it from anything else coming in from anywhere is that fair?
Doyle R. Simons: At this point that is generally fair. More work to be done and more specifics to be learned but I think to your point if anything it should be a net positive for our company and the U.S. industry.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, thanks so much.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon: Yes, good morning everyone.
Doyle R. Simons: Good morning Chip. 
Chip Dillon: First question is Doyle, I remember it was about three years ago when you got into your current role, it seem like you had like a couple years where you were going to improve the pretty much the whole wood products business and I think it's fair to say you've exceeded expectations. But I was under the impression that after those two years CAPEX might come down and you would sort of be in a position where maybe you would have viewed -- accelerated a lot of opportunities. What I think of seeing today is CAPEX is staying elevated but to be fair you're also having continued high targets. In fact it looks like lumber and OSB they're higher for savings in 2017 and 2016. So the question is what changed, has it been that since you've been in there you have found new things you can do to plants you've already worked on or are you just expanding the number of plants that you are putting capital in, in order to get these savings?
Doyle R. Simons: And so it's good question, Chip. So, what we -- when we started this process as you were recalling as you highlighted two or three years ago, a lot of the improvements were non-capital improvements because our take was show -- these mills needed to show that they could make operational excellence improvements without capital. And then if they could do that then they earned the right to capital to further drive down the cost structure. So we initially said okay let's do this without capital. Once you show that and you earn the right to capital which will further drive down the overall structure of our mills set. So as you said we've made good progress. There's still more work to be done but we now have confidence Chip as we put in this capital that we will in fact continue to deliver on these OPEX improvements and more importantly than that continue to drive down the overall cost structure of our mail system where we will in the current upturn that we're in outperform the competition. And when things do eventually roll over, which we think was many years from now we will be back at the bottom. Now with that said Chip I don't want to give you the sense that this $300 million of capital is going to be the level forever. We think there's a couple more years of spending at this level to get our mills fully positioned to where they need to be from a cost perspective and then you would see capital fall off to a more normalized level in the $200 million to $250 million range.
Chip Dillon: Okay, so 200 to 250. Now -- then the second question is it seems like as we've looked at the situation here we are in 2017 that there would be a lot of TMO [ph] type partnerships that were established 10 to 15 years ago that are coming up for, I guess they’re maturing or the partnerships are at a point where they might dissolve. And yet it seems like the timberland market has stayed pretty solid. I don't know if it's great but it's been pretty solid and I didn’t know if you had any thoughts as to are you seeing a lot of these partnerships sort of extend themselves or are you instead seeing them dissolved but there's just a solid demand sort of have new replacements in terms of investors to take over these ownerships.
Doyle R. Simons: Chip, what I would tell you -- I think timberland markets do continue to be strong and we see that over and over especially for high quality timberland there's a lot of interest in its investment class and for high quality timberlands there's a lot of interested buyers both domestic buyers and frankly international buyers starting to show up. So as these TMOs do mature and that is happening some of them you see being extended due to performance. Some of them you see trading back and forth but a lot of interest in continued in this asset class and like I said any process that is being run and there are some being run and we participate in just about all of those. There are a number of interested parties who are part of that
Chip Dillon: Okay, and then last question quickly. Any update on sort of your thinking about either the dividend, dividend policy at this point?
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah Chip, so as we mentioned at our Investor Day kind of over 90% of our business assets is in timberlands and as you have just highlighted a significantly improved cost structure for wood products. Our go forward cash flow will be much more stable and that's intentional. We're in the process of discussing the payout ratio with our Board and we will update you when those conversations are complete. But we think there is the opportunity to increase the payout ratio as we look forward.  In terms of a dividend increase, as we have consistently said for the past few years we are committed to a sustainable and growing dividend. As we look into 2017 we're clearly going to benefit from cost and operational synergies, continued OPEX improvements, and as we've talked about this morning stronger housing markets. So, all those things will be factored in as we work with our Board on decisions regarding our dividend. 
Chip Dillon: Great, thanks for the update. 
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Brian Maguire: Hi, good morning and congratulations on the strong 2016 results. We are seeing some inflation out in the economy these days with a lot of commodity prices moving higher, just wondering if you're starting to see that in your business from cost pressure and related to that maybe just wondering if some of the higher oil and gas prices might have any benefit on the energy part of the real estate segment just in terms of royalties and if that's kind of factored into your outlook or not?
Doyle R. Simons: So, on the second part of your question, clearly higher natural gas and oil prices will benefit our Energy and Natural Resources segment. We have a lot more leverage to natural gas and forever rough numbers just to give you a sense, every dollar improvement in natural gas, $5 million to our bottom line all else being equal. But as you would also anticipate when pricing increases that also gives you the opportunity to go lease more. Don’t have quite that type of leverage to oil but as oil prices continue to improve there will be more opportunity from a leasing perspective.  In terms of commodity price push we're starting to see a little bit of that not big numbers at this point but that -- turning to that, that is why OPEX is so important as we are at some point going to see some cost push and a big part of our operational excellence efforts are to make sure we are doing things that offset that or frankly more than offset that so that the benefits we see from our increased pricing and volume fall directly to the bottom line. 
Brian Maguire: Okay great. And then the other area where there has been a lot of volatility lately has been just in currencies and you get some sensitivity to the end. Just wondering, what kind of an impact the post election move in the dollar is having on realized pricing or competitive trade flows, particularly into Japan where I know you've got some competition from some European producers? 
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, as you said the strong U.S. dollar continues to be a headwind for us. All other currencies that are important to us weaken versus the U.S. dollar after the election. Some of them has strengthened slightly this December but they overall net-net remain weaker than where they were at the end of the third quarter. In Japan as you said the risk there is the strong U.S. dollar pressures. Prices our customers products compete with lower cost lumber imports from Europe but as I said earlier despite all that we continued to have good demand for our logs into Japan and we actually saw some fall off in the imports that were coming in from Europe during that time period. So net-net while it's not positive we work through that and continue to have good demand from our Japanese customers and part of that is built on the long-term relationship and unique relationship we have with our customer base in Japan.
Brian Maguire: Okay, just one last one of I could just on the corporate expense in the quarter and the outlook there going forward I think there was maybe a LIFO or inventory hit there in the quarter. As soon as maybe just a year end true up but just thinking about what kind of run rate level we're at going into 1Q there and as you remove some of the stranded costs from Cellulose Fibers, where you think we would become ending the year there?
Russell S. Hagen: So this is Russell. As far as the $14 million LIFO adjustment that was a combination of LIFO and profit elimination and that was really a function of increasing inventories at year end. Then also bringing on some of the Montana inventories that were legacy to Plum Creek and so we increased log inventories particularly in those regions for anticipating when to break up. So it's really just an increase in inventory versus the driver for the LIFO on profit elimination. As Doyle mentioned we're on track to capture our synergy targets 125 million by the end of the first quarter and then we are on track to capture the additional $35 million of CS training costs by the end of 2017 and we're making good progress on both those accounts.
Brian Maguire: Okay, thanks very much.
Russell S. Hagen: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Mark Connelly: Thanks Doyle. I'm just expanding on Chips question, are the nature of the operational excellence improvements in timberlands any different now? I'm just curious whether things are evolving there and maybe maturity schedules and things are getting involved?
Doyle R. Simons: I would say the biggest difference in timberlands versus where we were the first two or three years are the additional opportunities that have been presented as a result of combining. Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek. So a portion of the $42 million that we got in 2016 was due to those operational synergies, the ability to rebalance wood flows, to minimize cost, and increase realization, optimize the silviculture practice cost based on our larger scale. And then frankly just best practices in harvesting and transportation both again as a result of scale but maybe even more importantly learning from each other. There were some things that Weyerhaeuser and when we got in there looked at it did better and lower costs than Plum Creek and there were some things that Plum Creek did.  So as we move forward while we're confident in having what I would say were a fairly significant targets 40 million to 50 million in 2017 and I would anticipate a similar number in 2018 are because of the opportunities that have been created by combining these two companies taking best practices, taking advantage of the larger scale both from ability to service customers, rebalance wood flows, and drive down the overall cost structure of our timberlands operations. So really excited about that and I can tell our folks are really excited about it as they almost on a daily basis find additional opportunities for OPEX as a result of the combination.
Mark Connelly: That sounds great. Just one point of clarification, in real estate you mentioned a shift to the South but is there anything lumpy or should we start to think of this is a relatively normal quarter in terms of realizations?
Doyle R. Simons: So as I mentioned earlier in my comments, the first and second quarter are pretty kind of low volume of sales and so we're guiding for lower amount in fourth quarter. Real estate sales can be a little lumpy, it depends on the character of the transactions and so it's a little difficult to predict. And then the second half we'll see it will pick up. So, that's pretty much the pattern we would expect pretty low in the first and second quarter and then picking up in the third quarter and then a lot of closings really occurring in the fourth quarter.
Russell S. Hagen: And Mark in terms of the value from the different components is really it is depending on as you very well know there's different value components in the North. It tend to be lower per acre South than that and then of course the West even higher than that on a per acre basis. So it's really just going to depend on what the mix is and as Russell said at least initially it will be more weighted to the South than the West and then as we move to the West as we complete our AVO process that will factor in on the per acre value.
Mark Connelly: Very helpful, thank you.
Russell S. Hagen: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde: Good morning Doyle, good morning Russell. 
Doyle R. Simons: Good morning Mark.
Mark Wilde: Doyle, I wonder if you and Russell could just give us some sense of kind of how your appetite is right now for kind of timberland acquisitions and where your biases would be just regionally? 
Doyle R. Simons: You know Mark, I’ll tell you that right now our focus, what I like to say number one, two, and three is continuing to make sure we fully capitalize on the value that we can create by combining Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek and driving the synergies and other benefits to the bottom line. So that's what we are primarily focused on. As we continue to work through that, and as I like to say earn the right to continue to grow we will be looking at Timberland acquisitions to potentially grow our company. With that said with the scale we have and diversity of geography we have we don't have to grow so we can be very disciplined as we move forward.  In terms of South versus the West we're basically like both of those markets and would look so it's not a waiting more to one than the other. We both -- we like both the South and the West and would look to potentially growing both of those as we move forward.
Mark Wilde: Okay and then on the other side of the equation Doyle just I know you're still in the midst of the evaluation down in Uruguay but can you just give us some sense of sort of any tax consequences on that sale?
Russell S. Hagen: Hey Mike, this is Russell. Pardon me, yes thanks for the qualification. If that were the case we would have minimal tax impacts on that transaction.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Doyle the last question I had is just over an engineered wood. I know that there have been some conversations about sort of more fire code restrictions around particularly I-Joist, can you just kind of update us on what that situation is and how Weyerhaeuser kind of deals with those changes in regulation?
Doyle R. Simons: Good question Mark and there are a lot of various regulations, potential regulations regarding that. I can tell you we’re doing an immense amount of work on that front. We've got a really good technology group that is looking for different applications that you can put on engineered wood products that will in fact extend what's called the burn through test, extend that and as a result of that meet any additional requirements that may be put forth from that. So again a lot of work being done on that, very encouraged about what we've seen so far in the test that we're running and think we will be well positioned as we go forward in EWP.
Mark Wilde: How widespread is this Doyle, is this just kind of a state by state or is this more of a national basis?
Doyle R. Simons: No, it's clearly state by state that's the way these things work. Again a lot of uncertainty regarding exactly what that may look like and what the timing may be. But we've been on top of it and feel good about the opportunities to deal with this on a go forward basis.
Mark Wilde: Okay, just the last question also on I-Joist. I just I notice in your graph that prices of I-Joist have been kind of trending down over the last around four to six quarters yet at the same time kind of the inputs are like OSB for web stock are actually going up. So, would you expect to see kind of those higher input costs starting to roll through to I-Joist prices here over the next few quarters?
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah Mark, I do think there is the opportunity for price improvement in EWP as we move through 2017. 
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. Good luck this year guys. 
Doyle R. Simons: Alright, thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Paul Quinn: Yeah, thanks very much and good morning gentleman. Just a question on software negotiations, you mentioned that government employments haven't been made yet so there's no government to government negotiations. But maybe you could just give us some color on whether the industry is talking and whether you're making any progress and when you expect government to government negotiations to start. 
Doyle R. Simons: Yeah, I think it's going to take a little bit of time Paul to get the appointments in place and approved and get up to speed. So I can't tell you exactly when negotiations will start again. But it's going to take a little bit of time. In terms of the U.S. coalition a lot of work continues to be done just to -- so we don't lose any momentum during this period of time. I think the U.S. coalition are all on the same page and like I said are hopeful of a negotiated settlement as we move forward.
Paul Quinn: Great, that is all I had. Thanks a lot guys. 
Doyle R. Simons: Alright, thank you. So as I understand it that was our final question. I would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And as always really appreciate your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Take care. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth Baum – Director, Investor Relations Doyle Simons – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Russell Hagen – Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari – Citigroup Global Markets Brian Maguire – Goldman Sachs George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Gail Glazerman – Roe Equity Research Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets Mark Connelly – CLSA Collin Mings – Raymond James Steven Chercover – D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Group Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Elizabeth Baum: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2016 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation to GAAP can be found in the earnings material on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Beth, and welcome, everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter net earnings of $227 million or $0.30 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Our third quarter results include after tax earnings of $65 million from discontinued operations and $10 million of after tax charges for merger related expenses. Excluding these items, we earned $172 million or $0.23 per diluted share. This is an improvement of over 30% compared with second quarter and over 40% compared with a year ago. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $434 million, an improvement of $21 million compared with the second quarter. Our employees delivered strong performance in the quarter, as operating results improved across each of our businesses with Timberlands driving increased EBITDA through merger synergies and Wood Products achieving its highest third quarter earnings in 12 years. However, these results reflect only some of our quarterly achievements as we also closed the sale of our liquid packaging board business, completed the move to our new corporate headquarters in Seattle and completed our commitment to a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase. I'm proud of what our teams accomplished and the pace at which they continue to operate as we work together to be the world's premier timber, land and forest products company. Before turning to our business results, let me make a few brief comments regarding the housing market. Third quarter housing activity was roughly in line with our expectations and we are anticipating nearly 1.2 million housing starts for 2016 in line with consensus estimate. Although total housing starts for September were weaker than expected, the headline number was driven by the volatile multi-family sector. Single-family starts have continued to grow at a favorable pace. Through September, single-family starts are up approximately 10% compared with 2015 on a seasonally adjusted basis and low inventories of homes for sale reflect continued steady demand. As we enter the seasonally weaker fourth quarter, we're encouraged by the strength of some timber permitting activity, new home sales and continued solid builder confidence. Although constraints such as skilled labor permit delays and fees and rising costs for land and construction maybe functioning as a governor on supply side growth, rising employment and wages and favorable mortgage rates continue to drive improving housing demand. Let me now turn to our business segments. I will begin the discussion with Timberlands, charts three to five. Timberlands contributed $122 million to third quarter earnings and $223 million to adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA increased about a $3 million compared with the second quarter. Western Timberlands contributed $109 million to third quarter EBITDA compared with a $114 million in the second quarter. Western fee harvest volumes decreased and average log realizations were largely flat. Sales volumes to Japan improved moderately during the quarter, as low mortgage rates continued to drive strong housing activity and the effect of the delay in the consumption tax increase continue to fade. Average realizations for Japanese logs declined slightly early in the quarter, but stabilized as the quarter progressed. Sales volumes to China decreased due to timing of shipments and a slight seasonal decline in demand and average realizations decreased modestly. Log inventory to Chinese ports declined during the quarter and remain within a normalized range. Western domestic markets remained solid during the quarter and pricing for domestic logs improved marginally, as some markets were tensioned by fire related harvest restrictions and increased mill demand. Western logging costs benefited from operational excellence initiatives during the quarter. Although we anticipated a seasonal increase in per unit logging cost due to the harvest on higher elevation stands, crews were able to mitigate this cost increase through new harvesting technology that improves productivity on steep slopes and reduces the need for the highest cost cable logging operations. Southern Timberlands contribute a $108 million to third quarter EBITDA, $9 million more than the second quarter. Seasonally higher log sales volumes were partially offset by seasonally higher silviculture and forestry costs and a 1% decrease in average log price realizations. This decline was partially attributable to mix as third quarter harvest included a slightly higher proportion of pulp wood. Southern logging cost benefited from operational synergies with merger integration progress enabling further optimization of logging and hauling activities across the combined ownership. Northern Timberlands' EBITDA improved $3 million compared with the second quarter. Seasonally higher volumes were partially offset by weaker realizations and seasonally higher road and forestry expense. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we announced a strategic review of our Uruguay operations. This review will enable us to ensure that we're best positioning the business for long-term success and maximizing value for our shareholders. We look forward to providing further information after the review is complete. The Timberlands business remains relentlessly focused on capturing operational excellence and synergies, and is on track to achieve its $30 million to $50 million target for 2016. Internal benchmarking teams are rolling out their initial best practices that resulted from comparing a subset of high-value activities at each company. We are pleased with the progress to-date and look forward to continuing to capture the benefits later this year and into 2017. Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, chart six and seven. Real Estate and ENR contributed $15 million to third quarter earnings, compared with $12 million in the second quarter. EBITDA increased by $9 million to $37 million. Real Estate EBITDA increased by $7 million. Average price per acre declined slightly as we sold a greater percentage of lower value Northern acres compared with the second quarter. Contribution to earnings increased minimally due to a proportionally higher land basis as the northern properties are legacy Plum Creek holdings that were marked up to fair value in acquisition accounting. Our Real Estate team is making strong progress as they applied Plum Creek's asset value optimization process to the legacy Weyerhaeuser Timberlands. Work began first in the U.S. South and that process is entering the latter stages. As we wrap up portions of the Southern analysis, the focus will turn to the West. Work remains on track and we continue to anticipate the process will be substantially complete in the first half of 2017. Wood Products charts eight and nine. Wood Products contributed $170 million to third quarter earnings, an increase of $14 million compared with the second quarter. These earnings are the strongest since third quarter 2004 when we operated roughly twice the number of manufacturing facilities we do today. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter totaled $203 million. EBITDA for lumber totaled to $85 million. Average realizations increased less than 1% compared with the second quarter. Operating rates and sales volumes decreased slightly due to downtime for capital projects and weather. Log cost for Canadian mills increased primarily due to weather and Western log cost were also higher. EBIDTA for OSB increased to $63 million, an improvement of over 45% compared with the second quarter. Average sales realizations increased 7%. Operating performance was very strong and the business benefited from operational excellence initiatives to reduce spending on controllable manufacturing cost, wax and resin. Engineered Wood Products contributed $43 million to EBITDA compared with $45 million in the second quarter. Sales volumes for Solid Section and I-Joists increased modestly and average realizations were flat as improved pricing in the West was offset by slightly lower Eastern realizations and a weaker product mix. EBITDA for distribution declined slightly to $7 million, primarily due to a seasonal shift in products mix. The business remains focused on improving margins and lowering costs. Year-to-date, Wood Products earnings have nearly doubled compared with 2015 and operational excellence has made a meaningful contribution to that improvement. The Wood Products segment has made good progress on this year's OpEx initiatives, and remains generally on track to achieve this 2016 target. I will now turn to discontinued operations, chart 11. Discontinued operations, which was formally our Cellulose Fibers segment, contributed $65 million to after-tax earnings in the third quarter. This includes an after-tax gain of $41 million on the sale of our liquid packaging board business, which closed on August 31 for gross proceeds of $285 million. Excluding this gain, net earnings from operations declined $14 million compared with the second quarter. Maintenance expense increased significantly and pulp production declined due to additional scheduled maintenance outage days. This was partially offset by higher average sales realizations for pulp, primarily due to mix. On October 4, we announced an agreement to sell our printing papers business to One Rock Capital Partners. This completes the strategic review of our Cellulose Fibers business announced in November, 2015. Both this transaction and the sale of our pulp mills to International Paper are on track to close in the fourth quarter. I'm proud of the contribution our Cellulose Fibers employees have made to Weyerhaeuser, and I want to thank them for maintaining their focus on operating safely and delivering a superior customer experience throughout the strategic review process. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.
Russell Hagen: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the fourth quarter is presented in chart 14 of the earnings slides. In our Timberlands business, we expect fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA will increase slightly over the third quarter. In our Western Timberland operations, we anticipate harvest volumes will be lower than third quarter levels. However, we expect sales realizations will increase modestly in each of our export markets as housing activity remains strong in Japan and Chinese demand remains solid. Domestic log sales volumes are expected to be comparable to the third quarter. We anticipate domestic sales realizations will increase slightly in the fourth quarter, as a result of steady domestic demand and seasonally lower available log supply. Western logging costs will continue to benefit from the results of our operational excellence initiatives. Southern harvest volumes are expected to be slightly higher than third quarter. Minerals have adequate log inventories entering the fourth quarter and average sales realizations are expected to be flat quarter-over-quarter. Silviculture and road spending will be seasonally lower in the South during the fourth quarter. In the North, fourth quarter harvest volumes will decrease seasonally from third quarter levels, as third quarter is typically the best operating quarter of the year. Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources earnings for the fourth quarter are expected to be slightly higher than the third quarter, while adjusted EBITDA will be about double from third quarter results. It is important to note that the real estate sales include a mix of legacy Weyerhaeuser properties and Plum Creek properties. And that the Plum Creek properties have proportionally higher basis, because they were marked to fair value in the purchase price allocation. This results in lower earnings when these properties are sold. For Wood Products, we expect lower demand due to seasonal decline in building activity. Channel inventories remain lean as buyers purchase for immediate needs. We expect lumber sales realizations in the fourth quarter will be flat to slightly down compared to third quarter levels. We expect OSB prices will decrease, giving back much of the third quarter gains. Engineered Wood Products prices are expected to be similar to the third quarter. We anticipate seasonally lower sales volumes across all product lines in the fourth quarter, and a slight increase in manufacturing costs, as a result of the holiday season, and scheduled downtime to complete maintenance and capital projects. Overall, we expect fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA and the earnings for the Wood Products segment to be seasonally lower than the third quarter. We do however, expect adjusted EBITDA will be nearly double the fourth quarter of 2015. Moving on, chart 10 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. The contribution to earnings before special items was $5 million, $4 million higher than the second quarter. As a reminder, unallocated corporate function expense now includes about $9 million of expenses, previously allocated to Cellulose Fibers. On October 31, our partner in the Southern diversified timberland venture redeemed our interest. Following the redemption, Weyerhaeuser now holds all of the equity interest and consolidates the timberland venture as a wholly-owned subsidiary. As a result in consolidation, the investment was eliminated and the note payable to the timberland venture has been classified as intercompany debt. At the end of the second quarter, the investment in the timberland venture was $825 million and the note payable was $830 million. These items no longer appear on our balance sheet as of September 30, for financial reporting purposes. Chart 12 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $769 million, an increase of $284 million from the second quarter. This is higher than our targeted cash level and we expect the balance will decrease as we pay down the term loans with proceeds from previously announced Cellulose Fiber asset sales. We expect these sales will close by year-end. Cash from investing activities during the quarter, included $285 million from the sale of the liquid packaging board business. Capital expenditures for the third quarter totaled $129 million, including $29 million for our discontinued operations. CapEx for our continuing operations will be approximately $200 million in the fourth quarter, $150 million will be for Wood Products which typically has a highest capital spend during the fourth quarter. Financing cash flows for the quarter included $231 million for common dividends and $11 million of preferred dividends, which represent the last dividend payment on the mandatory convertible preference shares. During the quarter, we drew an additional $300 million on our term loan. And as of September 30, we had drawn $1.7 billion of the $2.5 billion available under the term loan facilities. Long-term debt, not including the term loan balance of $1.7 billion was $6.6 billion at the end of the third quarter. Interest expense was $114 million in the third quarter. We expect interest expense will be similar in the fourth quarter. For our continuing operations, the company now anticipates the full year tax rate will be between 15% and 17% based on the expected mix of 2016 earnings between the REIT and the taxable REIT subsidiary. I'll wrap up with chart 13, which provides some additional detail on our share count and repurchase activities. During the third quarter, we repurchased 10 million shares of common stock for $306 million completing our post-merger goal of repurchasing $2 billion of our shares on an accelerated basis. Overall, under the $2 billion accelerated program, we purchased a total of 68 million shares of common stock at an average price of $29.49 per share. On July 1, the mandatory convertible preference shares converted to common shares, as a result of the conversion, the company issued approximately 23 million shares. We ended the quarter with about 748 million shares outstanding. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle and look forward to your questions.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Russell. I'll wrap up with some brief comments on merger synergies and integration. We continue to implement the changes necessary to achieve our $100 million hard dollar cost synergy target. As of the end of the third quarter, we have achieved about two-thirds of these reductions on a run rate basis. I'm highly confident, we will meet or exceed our $100 million run rate cost synergy target by the end of year one. We've also fully identified the sources of reductions for the $35 million of costs formally allocated to Cellulose Fibers and are on track to eliminate these costs within one year of closing the International Paper transaction. The integration with Plum Creek continues to progress well. Working together will be the foundation of our success and I'm encouraged by the team work I see within and between the businesses and functions of our merged company. I'm excited by what we've achieved and where we're going, and I look forward to continuing to share our successes with you as we work together to drive value for shareholders, through a focused portfolio, industry leading performance and disciplined capital allocation. And now with that, I'd like to open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your first question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi. Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Doyle, I had a question on the Softwood Lumber Agreement, earlier this year there seemed to be some optimism – a new agreement would be negotiated. And over the past couple of weeks we've had U.S. legislators and the Canadians issuing statements, saying the other side isn't serious. I was wondering if you were surprised by the lack of an agreement at this point and kind of where we stand here, and with the exploration of the standstill period, I guess the U.S. Lumber Coalition has talked about initiating trade cases and to the extent that you're able, I was wondering if you could give us any thoughts on that process.
Doyle Simons: Yes, Anthony as we previously said, we're very actively involved with and fully supported of the U.S. Coalition, and frankly, we would prefer the certainty of a negotiated agreement and hopeful that one will be reached. And as you mentioned, the governments are having ongoing negotiations and those are pretty fluid right now. With that said, as we've said consistently, any agreement would need to be consistent with the objective identified in the Obama-Trudeau joint statement, which is to maintain Canadian exports at or below an agreed U.S. market share to be negotiated. So, where we are now, I think is ongoing negotiations, but if no agreement is reached, we would expect a petition will be filed soon and then, we'll see how it plays out from that point forward. So, that's kind of where we are in the approach we're taking.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just switching gears to Wood Products. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment in engineered Wood Products? I think there were some price initiatives on the table earlier this year, and in 3Q, prices seem to be flattish to maybe down a little bit. I was wondering if you could just talk about the forces that are impacting that market and kind of outlook for 4Q?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, there are a lot of moving pieces in the pricing for EWP currently. To get to your second part of your question, we anticipate EWP prices will be essentially flat in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Regarding the price increase, the price increase that went into place within the West in the second quarter and third quarter that was successful, but was offset by some pricing pressure in the East. As you know, Anthony, there's been a lot of dealer consolidation in the Eastern markets and a lot of jacking around has occurred in those markets. So, up in the West, down in the East, which has resulted in the net pricing that we saw in the third quarter, we think that's stabilized and anticipate essentially flat prices in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Maguire: Just wanted to follow-up on the Wood Products, obviously a really strong quarter, like you highlighted in the prepared remarks [indiscernible] year-on-year. But it seemed like it could have been maybe even a little bit better if lumber margins had been closer to where they were in 2Q. And I know you mentioned maybe some downtime and weather-related issues. But just wondering if you could dig into that a little bit more and talk about the margins in lumber and where they might be headed from here?
Doyle Simons: Yes, so I think, there were three things that impacted our lumber results in the third quarter versus the second quarter. And as you mentioned we had a strong second quarter in lumber, but three things in the third quarter. One was we had slightly lower sales volume. Two, as you mentioned, lower operating rates that was due to weather and some downtime for installation of some capital projects as we continue to invest capital in that business to drive down our overall cost structure. And then third and the most surprising one for us that log cost increased in Canada, that was weather-related, and as you may know Canada has been very wet this year and as a result having to spend additional dollars to get wood to the mills, so that had an impact. And then also we had higher log cost in the West, that's consistent with what we reported in our Timberlands operation. So those both higher log costs in Canada and the West impacted our margins and results in the third quarter versus the second quarter. Going forward, we would anticipate as we said, lumber prices in the fourth quarter to be essentially flat to maybe down just a little bit in fourth quarter versus third quarter.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Great. And then just a follow up one on the Real Estate segment in the fourth quarter. I know you said, you'll be about double in the EBITDA. Is that the start of maybe a trend higher here as you're getting through the process of evaluating everything, can we start to think about it being somewhere closer to that neighborhood and where you've been historically or is there just some lumpiness in it and then we're kind of back to lower levels in 2017?
Russell Hagen: Brian, this is Russell. On the Real Estate as we mentioned, we expect fourth quarter to be double the third quarter, and then we would expect that trend to continue as we work into 2017, and work through our AVO process, and really start bringing some of the Weyerhaeuser properties in through the Real Estate program. So as we've indicated, our target for the Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resource business is at 15% of total EBITDA, and so I would expect that in 2017, we will start moving towards that target.
Brian Maguire: Okay. Thanks very much.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone, good morning. Thanks for the details. I want to...
Doyle Simons: Good morning, George.
George Staphos: How are you doing, Doyle? I wanted to dig into Wood Products a bit further. Can you comment at all – maybe provide a few more details in terms of where you stand with being – as you've termed to black at the bottom, I know we'll get more color probably in December on this, but what other initiatives do have going on or where you stand in terms of the – are you – you're certainly not a 100% done, but where you stand in terms of being done on that project? And the related question was on operational excellence you said, as you were talking about Wood, if I heard you correctly that you're generally on track, now that's fine. But I kind of took your comments, as maybe there were some areas that weren't progressing quite as well as you'd like, if that was a correct assessment, where do you need to see some accelerated pick up? And then I had a couple of follow-ons either way.
Doyle Simons: Okay. So, George, to your point, we will be talking about both of those issues extensively in our December investor presentation, which we're looking forward to. But let me give you a sense on both of those. In terms of black at the bottom, as you know and we've talked about consistently over the past two years to three years, that has been our focus, in terms of our operational excellence initiatives, driving down our cost, the capital that we're spending, and we've made a lot of progress on that front. As you said, we're not there yet. But I would say, we're 60% to 70% of where we need to be, maybe even a little more than that in terms of getting our cost structure where we're black at the bottom. And as we've said before, what we measure that against is what happened back during the recession in the 2007, 2008, 2009 type timeframe. So, a lot of progress made there, more work to do. In terms of generally on track, George, I wouldn't over focused on the, generally. I would say, we are on track, in terms of our OpEx initiatives, still I guess, three months left in the year. So, didn't want get up over our sleeves, but again, we will give you a report on that in December but – and very pleased at the progress we're making in our Wood Products operation and frankly also in our Timberland operation, in terms of delivering against our OpEx targets for 2016.
George Staphos: All right. Thanks for that, Doyle. Two last ones and I'll turn it over. As we think about value return and the dividend, certainly the company has done a very, very good job of returning value to shareholders over the last couple of years, so this is not a complaint. As we think forward for the dividend, should we more or less think about it trending with the realizations that you can get in Timberland, in terms of what drives the next level of – if there's anything left for that matter of a sustainable pickup in the dividend growth rate? And then, just Russell, on the term loan, should we expect that you will be paying that down pretty quickly from here on a going forward basis? Thanks, guys, and good luck on the quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thanks for those questions, George, and I'll address the dividend increase and then, I'll ask Russell to answer the term loan question. So, in terms of the dividend, again as we've said it consistently, we are committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. 2006 is a very noisy year, as we all know as we do these various transactions, but looking into 2017 as we think about it, we're going to benefit from our cost – continue to benefit from our cost and operational synergies, continued OpEx improvements and what we believe will be stronger housing markets. To your point, we're also going to benefit from a portfolio perspective, from a much more stable earnings streams for Timberland. And as we just talked about improvements made in Wood Products cost structure to eliminate some of the downside. So with all that said, we'll be working very closely with our board to determine the right level of dividend going forward. And Russell, if you'll address the term loan question.
Russell Hagen: George, as I mentioned, we have $1.7 billion drawn on the term loan as we start closing on the Cellulose Fibers transactions, we'll start paying that down, so we would expect that to be paid down hopefully by year-end or soon around that time.
George Staphos: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Good morning, Doyle and Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Chip.
Russell Hagen: Good morning.
Chip Dillon: First question is, I might be mistaken, but I think you're earning maybe more than 100% of the cumulative profits in the engineered wood business, that's quite a turnaround. And I really seriously wanted to ask you about, with these kind of some numbers and looking at the rest of the industry and it looks like you're not necessarily transferring raw materials in low, so how are you doing it? Is it because of the distinctiveness of some of your products or would say that maybe it is being vertically integrated or maybe there is something else that we're missing?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. I would not attribute it a much of it Chip to being vertically integrated. I would attribute it to all the things that we've been working on now for two years or three years starting to fall to the bottom line in terms of log recovery, controllable spend, preventive maintenance. Chip you've heard us talk ad nauseam about, it's the basic blocking and tackling. And I think, we're starting to see the benefit of that hitting the bottom line. And the other part of it, as you mentioned is kind of the products that we bring to market and the additional value that we give for some of those products. So I think it's a combination of both, but I think really the reason for the improvement that we've seen over the last two years or three years have primarily been driven by just basic blocking and tackling in that business.
Chip Dillon: And I suppose, it's safe to say, it's no longer sort of in the category that you put it in when you had first Investor Meeting with us?
Doyle Simons: Chip, I'm happy to say that it is no longer in that category. I think that business has proven the right, to be part of our portfolio on an ongoing basis. Now you constantly got to earn that right, but that business as you highlighted, and I appreciate you saying it, has made a dramatic turnaround in terms of bottom line performance.
Chip Dillon: And then just a couple of quick ones and turning it over – before turning it over is, could you update on what you – and you might have mentioned this, what you see CapEx at this year? And I know it's early, but directionally where should it go next year? And then lastly for Russell, I know there is roughly a $600 million tax bill tied to the sale of the Cellulose business, does that tax actually get paid in cash sometime in 2017?
Russell Hagen: So the first question on CapEx, as we've indicated, we're focused on about $425 million CapEx this year, a $125 million in Timberlands and $300 million in Wood Products. I think next year we expect around that general amount maybe just a little more in Timberlands as we bring in the combined Plum Creek and Weyerhaeuser properties. As far as the tax bill on CF, we would expect that to be paid hopefully again by year-end, but possibly in the first quarter.
Chip Dillon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Gail Glazerman from Roe Equity Research.
Gail Glazerman: Hi. Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman: I assume this is baked into your guidance. But can you talk about any impact you had from Hurricane Matthew either in terms of your operating facilities or your timber operations?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, yeah, we're fortunate, Gail, from the hurricane perspective that we had minimal damage to our Timberlands operations due to the hurricane a couple of days or maybe a little few more that we were kind of out of the woods in the Atlantic region, but very minimal damage. In terms of – from a Wood Products perspective, we had some production loss as you would expect at our Atlantic mills, we had some minor water damage to some finished lumber, but nothing that's [Technical Difficulty] (34:32) financially.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And going back to Softwood Lumber Agreement, can you just give a little bit of color on how it's affecting your conversations with customers, and how they may be preparing forward as they look out to the building season next year?
Doyle Simons: I mean clearly, there's some uncertainty regarding the Softwood Lumber Agreement and how it plays out, Gail. But I wouldn't say it's affecting the way our customers are thinking about their ongoing business. And, in fact, customers continue to be – especially homebuilders continue to be very optimistic about the demand that's out there in terms of new home sales and just underlying demand for new houses. So, it's a minor part of our conversation, it's not a major part, but our customers continue to be optimistic for the balance of 2016 and into 2017.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And just one last one. Can you give any sort of color on the export markets, particularly maybe some of the competitive dynamics in terms of logs from Russia, and New Zealand, or even some finished Wood Products from Europe going into Japan, just what you're seeing, and how that's been trending?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, let's talk about that, and bottom line is we're encouraged by what we see in the export market currently. From a Weyerhaeuser perspective, we anticipate that – from – in Japan, which as you know is our most important market, that pricing will be up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, due to steady demand and lower log supply that always happens in the fourth quarter. We think volume maybe down a little bit, but that's just going to be due to timing and the way the shipping worked. In China, we continue to see a solid demand, anticipate higher prices in China in the fourth quarter, and encouragingly inventories actually came down a little bit in third quarter versus the second quarter. They are currently at 3.38 million cubic meters, which is down from where they ended at the second quarter. In terms of just overall views on it, we've seen a slight increase in imports into China from Russia, but nothing significant, and New Zealand seems to have kind of stabilized. So, that's what we're seeing overall in export markets.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And in terms of European competition in Japan with finished goods?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So, that's the challenge that our customers face is Glulam that comes in from Europe, currencies have not been helpful from that perspective. But the good news in Japan is housing is growing 6%, 7%, 8%, and our customers continue to have very good demand for our Doug Fir which is used of course to build houses. And these solid logs or solid lumber is a preferred building material post and beam construction.
Gail Glazerman: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Wilde from BMO Capital Markets.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: Doyle, first question. It sounded from your comments like maybe the AVO process was going a little bit slower than expected. You said you expected to have it substantially done by the end of the first half of next year, I think initially we've been talking about it sort of by late this year, very early next year?
Doyle Simons: No, Mark, I wouldn't say it's slipped. Our focus has been on the South. And as I said, we are in the process of wrapping that up. Currently, we're in the latter stages of it. We'll then be moving to the West, and it may take us into the second quarter to complete it in the West. But I would actually tell you it's going very well. Our biggest opportunities as we said all along are in the South, so we're pleased that we're wrapping that up. And as Russell mentioned, I think we're going to start to really see the benefit of that in early 2017, as we move forward with this process. So, I would categorize it is right on track.
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And Doyle, can you give us a little bit more color, background on the Uruguay announcement? And then, if you were to dispose that, what you would likely do with the capital?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So Mark, as we previously mentioned, as part of this merger integration, we've been in a review of all 13-plus million acres of our timberland. As you know, Uruguay is a project that was started back from the ground-up back in the mid-1990s and is just now really coming into maturity. Our focus going forward is going to be primarily domestic and we think there may be an opportunity to position Uruguay with what I would call a more natural sponsor that maybe more focused on those markets going forward. In terms of what we'll do with the cash, as you would anticipate Mark, we'll run that through our capital allocation priorities as we do everything and figure out the best use of that cash to drive value for our shareholders long-term.
Mark Wilde: All Right. And Doyle just if I could, the one other kind of block of land that seems like a little bit of an outlier is these kind of Northern Timberlands in New England, and the Great Lakes, they're not plantations. It's a little different business than what you have in the South or the West, any thoughts there?
Doyle Simons: Mark, I would answer that this way and consistent with what we've said before. We're in the midst of a review of our overall timberland portfolio with 13-plus million acres that we now have, we have lots of flexibility as to how to create the most value for our shareholders, so we'll be factoring all that in, as we move forward.
Mark Wilde: Okay. Last question I had Doyle is just, back on the SLA one more time. I am just curious, from your perspective it seems to me that we're likely to have a more protectionist administration, no matter who is elected come January. And I am just curious about whether you share that view? And whether you think that's having any effect on sort of the negotiations right now? In other words, are the Canadians perhaps more interested in getting something done with this administration rather than waiting to see what they get come January?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. Mark, I would say, I don't think the election is currently having much effect on the negotiations. And in terms of predicting what in the hell may happen in this election or what the implications of that maybe is probably not somewhere that I should go or I'm qualified to go. So, we'll see how the election plays out, but we are encouraged, Mark, at this point about the negotiations that are going on between the government and we'll just have to wait and see how this plays forward?
Mark Wilde: Okay. All right. Sounds good. Good luck in the fourth quarter and into next year guys.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Doyle, two things. Obviously the step up in basis affects the real estate profit that you report. But it doesn't mean that the sales are any less attractive. Can you give us a sense of whether these were higher or lower than average quality sales?
Russell Hagen: Mark, this is Russell. I think on the call, as we mentioned a lot of those transactions were in the Northern properties, it's not that they weren't lower quality, it's just lower price per acre than you would see in the West or in the South.
Mark Connelly: Okay.
Doyle Simons: But Mark, you're exactly right on your first comment that – yeah that doesn't mean they're not quality sales just because they were written up. So thank you for making that point, that's exactly right.
Mark Connelly: Yeah. Russell, what I was really trying to get at is relative to what you do in the North, was this pretty typical stuff?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I think those are typical transactions that you'd see in the North.
Mark Connelly: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one simple question. How much of higher OSP prices that we saw in the quarter actually hit engineered Wood Products in the quarter? I'm just trying to get a sense of how fast that flows through.
Doyle Simons: About $2 million impact in the quarter Mark.
Mark Connelly: Perfect. That's all I need. Thank you very much.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collin Mings from Raymond James.
Collin Mings: Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Collin.
Collin Mings: I guess, just first one, just recognizing you're taking a pause right now, [indiscernible] Cellulose Fibers sale is being finalized. Just maybe update us on how you're thinking about the remaining $500 million under the share purchase reauthorization, again, especially here with the stock at 30 box or so, not too terribly different than kind of the average repurchase prices of $2 billion that you completed this year?
Doyle Simons: Yeah, Collin as you'll recall when we announced the merger with Plum Creek, we said at that point in time that we were going to do $2 billion of the $2.5 billion on an accelerated basis. And as you just alluded to, we completed that actually in a little less than six months. We also said at that point in time, when we announced it, that subsequent to that, we would take a pause and work closely with our board to determine the timing of the additional $500 million, see where we were on our Cellulose Fibers transaction and a lot of other factors. So we're in that pause period, we will work closely with our board to determine what the timing is going to be on the additional amount. And as you alluded to, where our stock is trading, will be an important component of that decision.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then just following up on the commentary as far as the outlook for Q4. Just on Timberlands, you indicated that it would be up modestly relatively to 3Q, but could it actually be higher year-over-year relative to 4Q 2015, or is it likely to fall somewhere in between?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. I'd have to go back and look at the 4Q 2015 numbers because as you very well know, Collin there is lots of moving parts with 4Q of 2015. We didn't have Plum Creek as part of the company. So, we'll have to get back with you on exactly that. But what I would say, as we said in the guidance, we do think it will be up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, and a big driver of that, as I mentioned earlier is what we're seeing in export markets.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then, just one last one from me. Just as you're budgeting for 2017 and given kind of the lack of momentum clearly in log pricing in the U.S. South this year. I mean just curious how you're thinking about shaping up harvest activity for next year again recognizing, you're not providing guidance on harvest volumes at this point. But just how does that factor in Doyle? This is as you've referred to before just a stubbornly low log pricing in the U.S. South as you think about harvest plans?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. Well, we are working on our harvest plans right now, Collin. As we put the two companies together, we think we're going to have the opportunity to maximize the harvest plan on a go-forward basis. As part of that, we will factor in what we think is going to happen with Southern sawlog prices. We do remain convinced that we are going to reach the inflection point where Southern sawlog prices are no longer stubbornly low, but start to head in the right direction. We're encouraged by what we see, as I mentioned earlier about continued growth in housing, and are also encouraged by some of the announcements we've seen regarding additional capacity coming online in 2017 in the South. So all of that will be factored in and we'll be providing more color on that as we move forward.
Collin Mings: All right. Thanks, Doyle. See you in December.
Doyle Simons: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Chercover from Davidson.
Steven Chercover: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping you could recap the dissolution of the timber joint venture, if I'm not mistaken, the counterparty was The Campbell Group, and I think, you said the debt in the note will negate one another. But is there any kind of capital call? And then I had a second question.
Russell Hagen: Sure. So this is Russell. As I mentioned, we did dissolve that at the end of August. And when we did that, if you recall that was 450,000 acres in six states, it was a joint venture with The Campbell Group. They redeemed their interest and so we received the note back, distributed to Timberlands. There is a small gain in recognition at about $6 million, but there is no additional capital calls and there is no continuing ongoing obligation.
Steven Chercover: Okay. Well, that's good news. And then I thought – and hopefully this is just a red herring that the IRS was challenging the structure and there was some discussion or litigation with them?
Russell Hagen: So you're correct. So our 2008 – Plum Creek's 2008 income tax return is currently being audited. And as you recall Plum Creek, we appealed that to the IRS but we could not reach a resolution. And so recently Weyerhaeuser filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court and as you are aware this will take a number of years to resolve, but we remain confident that in our position, we do expect a favorable outcome from the U.S. Tax Court.
Steven Chercover: And I assume that Weyerhaeuser didn't put out a filing because it's not material, but can you tell us in a worst case scenario what the financial impact might be?
Russell Hagen: Yeah. We're not going to – we won't do that. But we will say, I'll reiterate, we're very confident in our position and expect we'll get a favorable outcome.
Steven Chercover: Okay. And it does failed to meet the test of materiality I assume?
Russell Hagen: We've not reserved anything related to this. Again we're very confident that we're going to succeed in this.
Steven Chercover: Great. Thanks, Russell.
Russell Hagen: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. A couple of follow-ons. First, going back to the dividend, the fact that there hasn't been an increase in 2016, you mentioned a lot of moving parts and there was also the question on share repurchase and you mentioned wanting to have the Cellulose Fiber sale done as well. Should one read the fact that there hasn't been a dividend increase so far this year? Is that because the way fundamentals have played out or is that because you would want to wait to see to get the asset sales done [indiscernible] before that would even be contemplated?
Doyle Simons: Mark, as you would expect, we factor all of what you just outlined into a dividend decision will, as I mentioned, continue to work with the board to figure out what the right timing and what the right level is for a dividend increase as we move forward.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. And then in terms of the AVO process, you indicated that the Southern analysis would be done well before the Western analysis relatively soon. Will you – when that part of the analysis is done, will that be shared with the investment community or is the intent to wait until the whole analysis is concluded?
Doyle Simons: Mark, as you would expect, we will be providing a significant update on that at our December Investor Meeting. So we'll tell you where we are, how we're thinking about it and how the South is playing out and maybe even preliminary kind of how we're thinking generally about the West. So all those details are still being fleshed out, but we will be giving a significant update at our December Investor Meeting.
Mark Weintraub: Okay. Great. And then lastly, a real small one. But on the Uruguay, if you were to go forward with a sale, would that potentially be taxable or would that not be a taxable event?
Russell Hagen: So, the Uruguay assets – this is Russell, the Uruguay assets are held in the combination of in the REIT and the TRS, and so, we would have some minor tax leakage. We really haven't gone into that point yet, but we would expect probably some tax leakage because of the TRS held that assets.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Doyle Simons: Thank you Mark.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Quinn, from RBC Capital Markets.
Paul Quinn: Yeah. Thanks very much and good morning.
Doyle Simons: Morning, Paul.
Paul Quinn: Just a question on Wood Products. It looks like you did a very good job on the OSB segment a little bit – I don't know a little bit off versus our numbers on the lumber side. It looks like costs were up, I think you cited weather and capital projects maybe you could just outline what the capital projects you had in the quarter and how much of that was an effect on lumber cost?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So as we mentioned lumber was off basically for three reasons. One was this lightly lower sales volume, second one as you just alluded to was lower operating rates due to weather and downtime for installation of capital projects and then the third and the largest to try to quantify this, which I think is where you're headed, Paul was the log cost increase primarily in Canada, but also in the West as we mentioned earlier. So, the downtime for installation of capital projects went for any one big project as you know we are spending roughly $300 million a year in capital in our Wood Products operations. Some of that's maintenance capital, but some of it's also capital that we're putting in to drive down our overall cost structure and we just had a couple of those projects that hit in the third quarter and there will be more of those in the fourth quarter.
Paul Quinn: Okay. And then I just had a question on Softwood Lumber, just trying to understand Weyerhaeuser's position on this. Without knowing quota levels or any kind of levels of taxation under CVD or AD duties, from a theoretical standpoint, what's better for Weyerhaeuser, a quota or a combined duty?
Doyle Simons: Well, I would say, ultimately a quota is the best for all parties involved because it's simpler, it establishes what the levels is, there's a certain level of certainty. So what we would like to end up with Paul, as we have said along is an agreement rather than having to go through the legal system and having a quota in place, very simple quota in place that sets forth the amount of imports from Canada into the U.S.
Paul Quinn: Well, thanks. That's all I had. Best of luck.
Doyle Simons: Thank you. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Doyle Simons: Yes. Let me make a couple of closing remarks. As I've already alluded to, I just wanted to remind everybody that we will be holding our Investor Day on December 13, at the New York Palace Hotel. We look forward to that, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. And I would just conclude by thanking everybody for joining us this morning, and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth L. Baum - Director-Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research, LLC Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Company's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to our host, Beth Baum. Ma'am, Please go ahead.
Elizabeth L. Baum - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2016 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings material on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Beth, and welcome, everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter net earnings of $157 million or $0.21 per diluted share on net sales from continuing operations of $1.7 billion. Second quarter results include after tax earnings of $38 million from discontinued operations and $11 million of after tax charges for merger and legal expenses. Results for our entire Cellulose Fibers segment are reported as discontinued operations. Excluding discontinued operations and special items, we're into $130 million or $0.17 per diluted share. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA from our continuing operations was $413 million and this represents an improvement of $77 million or 23% compared with first quarter results. I'm proud of our second quarter operating performance. Our teams continued to execute well and deliver solid operating results including Wood Products strongest second quarter in over a decade. In the quarter, we also announced the sale of our pulp mills and liquid packaging board facility for collective proceeds of $2.5 billion or approximately $1.8 billion after tax. Closed the Twin Creeks transaction receiving $440 million in cash and in transaction value and 260,000 acres of Southern Timberlands at $2,150 per acre. We purchased over $830 million worth of our common shares, and made strong progress on merger integration and activities as we work together to successfully integrate Plum Creek and fully capture the cost and operational synergies that will drive superior value for our shareholders. Before I turn to our second quarter business results, let me make some brief comments about the housing market. Single family housing starts continued to grow at double-digit rate, and year-to-date activity remains in line with our expectations. Through June, single family starts had improved 15% compared with 2015 on a seasonally adjusted basis, and total US starts were up 8%. Although supply side constraints such as skilled labor, permitting delays and fees and rising land and construction costs dampened the market's acceleration during the second quarter, solid economic fundamentals including job growth and historically low mortgage rate continued to drive improving housing demand. We continue to anticipate approximately $1.2 million housing starts for 2016 in line with consensus estimates. Let me now turn to our business segment. I will begin the discussion with Timberlands, charts 3 to 5. Timberlands contributed $125 million to second quarter earnings. Adjusted EBITDA for Timberlands increased by $21 million to $220 million. Non-cash depletion and amortization costs increased by $25 million following a full quarter of higher depletion rates, resulting from acquisition accounting. Western Timberlands contributed $114 million to second quarter EBITDA compared with $118 million in the first quarter. Western fee harvest volumes increased but average realizations for Western logs declined modestly primarily due to a greater proportion of sales to domestic and Chinese markets. As anticipated, sales volumes to Japan declined in the second quarter as first quarter post forward (05:01) demand in advance of a scheduled consumption tax increase which was later delayed. Pricing for our Japanese logs moderated slightly in the quarter. Volumes to China rose due to seasonally higher construction activity and average log realizations were essentially flat. Log inventory to Chinese ports were a little changed during the quarter and remain at normalized levels. In western domestic market, log supply and demand remained balanced during the quarter. Average realizations declined slightly due to mix and per unit logging cost increased seasonally as second quarter harvest includes a greater proportion of higher elevation white wood. Southern Timberlands contributed $99 million to the second quarter EBITDA, $22 million more than the first quarter. Southern (05:51) increased by 40% due to a full quarter of Plum Creek operations. Realizations for Southern logs declined slightly due to mix, as second-quarter sales included a higher percentage of pulp wood. Silviculture and forestry costs increased due to catch-up on first-quarter activity and has been delayed due to wet weather. Northern Timberlands' EBITDA improved slightly compared to the first quarter. The Timberlands business remains relentlessly focused on capturing operational excellence and is on track to achieve its $30 million to $50 million operational excellence targets for 2016. During the quarter, internal benchmarking teams completed an initial survey of operational synergy opportunities and prioritized areas with the greatest potential value. A deep-dive comparison of each company's practices in the highest-value areas is under way. We are pleased with the progress to-date and look forward to capturing these opportunities later this year and into 2017. Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, charts 6 and 7. Real Estate and ENR contributed $12 million to second quarter earnings compared with $15 million in the first quarter. EBITDA for the second quarter totaled $28 million. For Real Estate, the number of acreage sold declined slightly due to the timings of transaction closings. Average price per acre increased as second quarter included the sale of a high value parcel in Cannon Beach, Oregon. EBITDA from Energy and Natural Resources operations improved slightly. Our Real Estate team is running full out as they apply a concrete to asset value optimization or AVO process to the legacy Wayerhaeuser Timberlands. This work is proceeding well, and we continue to anticipate the process will be substantially complete in early 2017. We expect real estate activity will ramp up significantly in the fourth quarter of this year, and into 2017 as this process moves toward conclusion. Wood Products, charts 8 and 9. Wood Products contributed $156 million to second quarter earnings, an improvement of 80% compared with first quarter. By effectively capitalizing on improving market and ongoing operational excellence initiatives, the business delivered its strongest second quarter since 2005. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $189 million, $72 million more than the first quarter. EBITDA from lumber grows to $96 million. This is an improvement of $45 million or nearly 90% compared with first quarter. Average realizations improved nearly 10% and sales volume increased by 8%. The business also had another strong quarter operationally. Western log costs declined and recovery improved and manufacturing costs net of logs decreased due to the continued benefit of operational excellence initiatives. OSB contributed $43 million to EBITDA, $12 million more than the first quarter. Average sales realizations increased 12% and our mills continued to run well. Engineered Wood Products EBITDA increased to $45 million, $14 million more than the first quarter. Sales volume rose due to seasonally higher demand and a full quarter of Plum Creek, MDF and plywood operations. Average realizations for solid section and (09:27) declined slightly due to mix. In Distribution, EBITDA rose $5 million compared with first quarter due to improved sales volume, higher margins and ongoing cost control. The business have increased EBITDA about $14 million year-to-date against the 2016 full year target of $15 million to $20 million. Late in the third quarter, we announced changes to improve the profitability of our Montana wood product operations. In the third quarter, we will permanently close the lumber and plywood mills in Colombia Falls. These moves will allow us to align the available logs supply with our manufacturing capacity including adding shift at our Kalispell facilities and best position our Montana operations for long-term success. Wood products remains relentlessly focused on OpEx initiatives and is on track to achieve its 2016 target. During our first quarter earnings call, we indicated we thought the second quarter Wood Products results could be comparable to second quarter of 2013. A time when we were just beginning our OpEx journey and lumber and OSB pricing were significantly higher than it is today. In fact, we've exceeded second quarter 2013 EBITDA by $23 million despite the fact that average lumber realizations in the second quarter were $35 per 1000 (10:46), lower than three years ago and average realizations for OSB were more than $90 per 1000 (10:53), lower than they were in the second quarter 2013. This overall improvement highlights the significant contribution, operational excellence is making to our business results. I will now turn to discontinued operations, chart 11. As I previously mentioned, beginning this quarter our entire Cellulose Fibers segment has been reported as discontinued operations This includes results from our pulp mills, liquid packaging board facility, and a printing papers joint venture. Discontinued operations contributed $52 million to pre-tax earnings compared with $29 million in the first quarter. Average sales realization for pulp and liquid packaging rose compared with the first quarter. And sales volumes for liquid packaging increased. Maintenance and energy cost declined slightly. Second quarter results also reflect accounting changes resulting from the reclassification as discontinued operations. Non-cash depreciation expense decreased by $23 million compared with first quarter due to a requirement to seek depreciation on asset held for sale, and corporate overhead expense previously allocated to Cellulose Fibers is now reported in unallocated items. This change affects both current and prior periods. These expenses total approximately $9 million per quarter or approximately $35 million on an annual basis. The effect of these accounting changes was largely offset by charges associated with the strategic review process and other transaction expenses. Yesterday, we received Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance in the US for the announced sale of our pulp mills to International Paper. We continue to make progress, remaining regulatory approvals, primarily competition clearance in several foreign jurisdictions. We anticipate closing the transaction in the fourth quarter. Similarly, we have received Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance for the sale of our liquid packaging business and continue to progress with remaining approvals. We expect to close the liquid packaging transaction in the third quarter. The process for our premium paper joint venture is proceeding well. We are actively working with prospective buyers and we will update you when that review is complete. I want to thank our Cellulose Fibers' employees who are maintaining their focus on operating safely and delivering strong results throughout the strategic review and sale processes. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items, and our third quarter outlook.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The outlook for the third quarter is presented in slide – chart 14 of the earnings slides. For Timberlands, we expect third quarter adjusted EBITDA will decline slightly or roughly 5% compared to the second quarter due to seasonality and lower export prices. In our Western Timberlands operations, overall, we expect harvest volumes to be similar to second quarter levels. Although Japanese housing activity remained strong, we anticipate crisis will soften as markets adjust to the delayed increase in the consumption tax. In China, seasonally slower construction activity and continued currency headwinds will result in lower sales volumes and moderately lower pricing. Domestic log volumes and prices are expected to remain stable. Operating conditions throughout the Western region have been favorable as the risk of fire has been low. Western logging costs will be seasonally higher in the third quarter as summer weather allows us to shift harvest activities to higher elevations, which have a higher percentage of cable logging and longer haul distances. In the South, fee harvest volumes are expected to be slightly higher than the second quarter but on a lower grade mix as third quarter activity typically includes a higher percentage of a thinning volume. Silviculture and road spending will also be seasonally higher. In the North, third quarter harvest volumes will be significantly higher than the prior quarter. Note that second quarter harvests are the lowest of the year because of logging and hauling limitations due to spring breakup, or as we like to say in the Northern Woods, the mud season. We expect average sales realizations will be similar to second quarter levels. In Real Estate, and Energy and Natural Resources segment, we expect significantly higher earnings and adjusted EBITDA from real estate sales during the second half of the year. Nearly all this improvement will occur in the fourth quarter. Third quarter real estate activity will be primarily focused on continuing work on the AVO process, in building our inventory of higher and better used properties. We expect third quarter adjusted EBITDA will increase slightly compared to the second quarter, but the mix of real estate sale is slightly heavier to higher basis lands. In the fourth quarter, we expect EBITDA will be more than double the third-quarter level as the first results of AVO assessments in the portions of the US South are taken to market and begin to move through to closing. The Wood Products, inventories throughout the supply chain remain tight as buyers continue to only purchase product to meet their immediate needs, which has been pushing lumber and OSB pricing higher as we enter the third quarter. We're anticipating comparable sales volumes and continued strength in lumber and OSB pricing in the third quarter as housing starts, especially single family, continue to improve and builders move into the late summer building season. We expect to see continued solid performance in Engineered Wood Products. Overall, we expect third quarter adjusted EBITDA and earnings for the Wood Products segment will be considerably higher than the second quarter. Lumber and OSB prices improved throughout July. If prices stabilize at current levels for the balance of the quarter, the segment is on track to improve EBITDA and earnings by roughly 10% compared with second quarter. However, we believe there's continued upside for both lumber and OSB prices and anticipate earnings could exceed this level. Now, let me direct your attention to chart 10 which details the major components of our unallocated items. The contribution to earnings before special items was $1 million, $9 million lower than the first quarter results, which included a $13 million gain on foreign exchange. Note that unallocated corporate function expenses now include approximately $9 million of costs that were recorded in Cellulose Fiber segment prior to the discontinued operations reclassification. Chart 12 summarizes our key financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $485 million, up $74 million from the first quarter. Cash flow from operations including Cellulose Fibers was $492 million for the second quarter. This is an increase of $445 million over the first quarter, which is typically the lowest cash flow quarter of the year. In addition to increased cash flows from Wood Products and Timberlands segments, we saw positive variance in our working capital due to the seasonal decrease in inventory levels quarter-over-quarter. Cash from investing activities was a positive $350 million for the quarter, as we received $440 million in cash proceeds from the Twin Creeks transaction, which closed on April 1. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $101 million, including $12 million of our discontinued operations. We expect 2016 CapEx for our continuing operations will be approximately $425 million, with Timberlands' capital spending expected to total $125 million for the year, and Wood Products' spending of approximately $300 million. Financing cash flows included $831 million for share repurchases, and $228 million for common dividends. As of June 30, we had drawn $1.4 billion of the $2.5 billion available under the term loan facilities. Long-term debt, not including the term loan balance of $1.4 billion, was $6.6 billion at the end of the second quarter. We intend to pay down the term loans for the proceeds from our recently announced asset sales. Interest expense of $114 million for the second quarter reflects a full quarter of interest for both the Plum Creek legacy debt and the new term loans. We expect interest expense will be comparable in the third quarter. For our continuing operations, the company anticipates the full-year tax rate will be between 18% and 20% based on the expected mix of REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary income. I'll wrap up with chart 13, which provides some additional detail on our share count and repurchases activities. Through the end of the second quarter, we have repurchased 58 million shares of common stock under our February 2016 share repurchase program at an average price of $29.18 per share. We have continued our repurchase activity during the third quarter and as of August 1, our cumulative repurchases totaled $1.98 billion or nearly 67 million shares at an average price of $29.45. The company did not repurchase shares during the period June 1 through June 28 because of the measurement period for our mandatory convertible preference shares. The mandatory convertible preference shares converted to common shares on July 1 at a rate of approximately 1.69 common shares per preference share. As a result, common shares outstanding increased by approximately $23.2 million shares subsequent to quarter-end. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle and look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Russell. I will wrap up this morning with some brief comments on integration, synergy and SG&A. We continue to make strong progress on merger integration. I'm encouraged about the teamwork I see among employees at all levels as we work together to service our customers, identify best practices and implement improved processes for our merged company. We have fully identified the sources of the $100 million of hard dollar cost synergies. As of the end of the second quarter, we are capturing about one-third of these reductions on a run rate basis. I'm highly confident we will reach our $100 million run rate cost synergy target by the end of year one. In addition to capturing merger synergies, we must address the $35 million of corporate costs, formerly allocated to the Cellulose Fiber segment. To ensure our businesses remain competitive, we will eliminate these costs just as we did following the divestiture of our Home Building business. We have been planning for the reductions as part of the strategic review process, and anticipate eliminating these costs within 12 months after closing the International Paper transaction. In closing, I will mention that the move to our new Seattle headquarters remains on track for mid-September. I'm also pleased to announce that we will be holding an Investor Day in New York on Tuesday, December 13. We will send out the details in a press release later this morning. At that meeting, we will provide specific updates on progress against the key targets for our merged company, and you will have an opportunity to hear firsthand from each of our business leaders about their key initiatives as we work together to drive superior value for our shareholders. And now, I'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Anthony Pettinari from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Timberlands – as you think about 3Q in the South, I think you talked about softer price mix. If you take the impact of mix shifts away and you just look at same product prices. I was wondering what you're seeing in July and August. Are prices just flat or you're seeing any kind of improvement in Southern log prices?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Now, Anthony, what we're seeing is if you take it – and you're thinking about it exactly right on what I'd like to say, an apples-to-apples basis, prices we anticipate will be essentially flat in the third quarter versus the second quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And I guess, what do you attribute that to? I mean, presumably lumber mills can pay more for fiber and housing starts are growing double digits. Is there just too much inventory out there? Why aren't log prices improving or inflecting as I think some of us thought that they might now by now?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Anthony, and the question, and we've all talked about it is as what is the inflection point where you see significant improvement in pricing. And we remain confident, as housing continues to improve as you said, as additional lumber capacity comes online in the South we remain confident we're going to hit that inflection point based on where supply and demand reach equilibrium. And at that point, well, we believe we'll start to see Southern log prices begin to return to the levels they were prior to the recession. However, we don't think we're going to see that in the third quarter. We're set to wait as we move forward to hit that inflection point.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. And then, just in Wood Products, you mentioned the Columbia Falls announcement and adding shifts elsewhere. Was Columbia Falls – will it end up being kind of net neutral from a capacity standpoint? And then just generally, if you could talk about your Wood Products footprint. Are you adding capacity with the increase in starts or how should we think about for the year?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So for the year, Anthony, overall, we're running our facilities close to 95%, 96% 97% operating rate due to these good markets. So, you always have a percent or two of Creek (25:46), but we don't anticipate adding any significant capacity in the near term. Columbia Falls net-net, you will have lower capacity but higher profitability. As we stated when we announced that, the reason for that move was to align the available fiber with the productive capacity, and by doing this, we are able to run the remaining mills full out with additional shifts, which will ensure the long-term success of our Montana operations and improve the overall profitability of our Montana operations on a go-forward basis.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question is from George Staphos from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. How you doing? Doyle, first question in Wood, obviously, very strong result, better than your guidance. As we look out the next couple of quarters, where do you see the most cost pressure? And you're doing a great job on SG&A relative to the revenue base in the business. That's obviously part of the program at Weyerhaeuser, but where do you start to see some tension here? How long can you hold the line here within Wood? And then I had a couple of follow-on questions on SG&A.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In terms of cost pressures, George, at this point in time, we don't see any significant cost pressures now. It all runs up, you clearly would have some freight cost pressures and people continue to anticipate that happening at some point, but in the near term, don't see any significant cost pressure. We'd love to see some cost pressure from a log perspective, but not seeing that as we just referenced in the near term.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Yeah. That was part of the question behind the question. The second question I wanted to get into is on Engineered Wood. It sounds like from your commentary that you're pleased with the performance there. And looking at the slide deck, if I thought correctly, we've seen price is drifting a bit lower. If that's correct, what's driving that? Is it again lack of cost push? Is it perhaps somewhat more competitive markets? Single-family starts are obviously doing well, which you would think would be beneficial for Engineered Wood supply, demand and market trend. So, how would you frame that for us?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, what I would say from a pricing perspective, a big part of that slight downward pressure we've seen is just having to do with mix. As we move forward, George, I would say that there are some price increases. Or a price increase that will be playing out in the West, but a portion of that price increase will be offset by some pricing pressure in the East as you have the dealer consolidation and all the different things that are happening from a customer perspective overall. But going forward, we would anticipate prices would be flat to maybe up slightly.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the last one if, again, we did our math right. Again, you've done a very good job on SG&A over the last number of years across the businesses. If I look at Timberland, if I look at Real Estate & ENR versus year-ago levels that ratio has ticked up a bit. Obviously, some of that's probably just mixed in Plum Creek. Again, can you help frame what the opportunity there is for cost reductions in the next couple of quarters as you come out of 2016 and head into 2017? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, George. And the way we look at these cost reductions is pretty straightforward. We say, what was the SG&A and R&D for both combined companies in 2015, and as we said, our goal, and we're confident in reaching that goal, it's about the first quarter of 2017, we will be at that run rate. So, we're modeled – we're as you would anticipate, George, we're on top of that. We know exactly where we are. We've identified the source of those synergies, and we're starting to realize some of it, more to come as we run through the balance of this year and into early next year. But that's the way we're monitoring it to make sure it does, to your point, in fact, show up on the bottom-line.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, Doyle. Thank you. Good luck in the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Collin Mings from Raymond James.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Collin. How you doing?
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good. Good. A few questions here. First, just maybe big picture, talk a little bit more or update us on how you think the softwood lumber negotiations are going to play out, and just kind of your update as far as thoughts if no deal is reached in the standstill period, comes and goes without a deal.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. And as you know, we are very actively involved with and aligned with the position of the US Coalition, and there is an ongoing dialogue between the Coalition and our US Trade representative. I do believe participants send from both sides are interested in a resolution. And I'm frankly encouraged the governments – each of the governments are continuing to have discussions. As you know, this is a really important issue for Weyerhaeuser, and we remain hopeful that an agreement can be reached prior to the deadline. But we're prepared to move forward if that doesn't happen in follow trade days (31:21). That's kind of where we are.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the update there. I think, one thing as far as in the prepared remarks, roughly you talked about CapEx, the $425 million. I think that's down from a comparable $450 million, I think, that's what you had got it to earlier. Is that right? And, maybe, what caused the change there?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, it's correct. We did lower our CapEx spend. We brought it down a little bit on the Timberlands side as we look at the combined operations for the Plum Creek and Weyerhaeuser. We've just refined that number as we move into the second half of the year.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just thinking about some of the commentary around the expected ramp in real estate sales, maybe just talk a little bit more about order of magnitude, what you're think in the fourth quarter could be as far as the amount of step-up. Again, I know, we talked on prior calls about the overall ramp showing up more in 2017, but just from a modeling standpoint, how should we think about the fourth quarter?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, Collin, as we look at the third quarter, we'd expect the third quarter to be pretty similar to the second quarter. And then again, as we bring more of the AVO (32:27) properties into the market and we started ramping up that program, you would expect the fourth quarter to really increase probably double the third quarter volume.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That was very helpful. And then just one last one and I'll turn it over. Just going back to Anthony's question on Wood Products. How much of your EBITDA is generated from Canada operations at Wood Products?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Collin, I don't know that number exactly off the top of my head, we'll follow up. But most of our revenue is generated out in the US, although Canada is an important part of our overall Wood Products operation. So, I'll have to get back – we'll get back with you on that.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. I'll turn it over. Thanks, guys.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Wilde from BMO Capital Markets.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russ.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Russ, is it possible to get a go forward look at annual harvest volumes in the South and in the West?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: As we have guided to our total year volumes, we're at about 40 million tons to 42 million tons. So, as you look at our harvest volume to-date, and then you can extrapolate out to what you think the third and fourth quarter will look like, but we don't provide specific guidance for the volumes on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And is there likely to be a difference between what you'll do, say over the next three to five years in terms of harvest volumes, and then what you might define as kind of long-term sustainable? It seems to me both Longview and some of those (34:13) properties offered opportunities for accelerated harvest in the near years.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Mark, what I would tell you is, as you would anticipate, we're spending a lot of time updating our strategic harvest plans for the combined land base. So, we're right in the midst of that, so we'll give you some – in the future, we'll give you some look at how we think that'll play out in the time horizon that you just laid out. We're right in the middle of that process currently.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. And then, Doyle, can you just give us something of what you're expecting from Japan over the next couple of quarters?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, Japan has been interesting in terms of how this consumption taxes has played out in the second quarter. As we talked about, the volume s down due to the latest consumption tax and prices decline. In the third quarter, Mark, our best guess is that volumes will be kind of flattish. And prices could be down slightly again as consumption tax plays out and also from the competition from the European laminators due to the strong dollar. And then as we look in our crystal ball and the crystal ball isn't always right, but as we look in our crystal ball for the fourth quarter, we would expect some rebound in prices in both Japan and China. That's kind of how we see it playing out.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. And then, final question, just when we think about the SLA, Doyle, is it – would we be correct if we think the sort of the biggest issue for you guys in how this plays out is really the impact and sort of value of timber coming off of your Southern and your Western Timberlands?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's no doubt, Mark, that that is an important component of getting the SLA right on a go-forward basis.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): But if we get tougher restraints, could we see you actually increasing the amount of capital you'd put in the saw mills?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Mark, as you know, we have an ongoing – a game plan to – that we've shared with you and others about the capital that we'll be spending in our Wood Products operation on a go-forward basis to make sure we're positioned well, to fully capitalize on the upturn and get our costs to where they need to be. So, spending capital in our Wood Products operation at about the $300 million level that we've done over a past year or two, we think is going to be the right level, at least in the near term going forward.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks, Doyle. Good luck.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Yes. Thank you, and good morning, Doyle, Russell and Beth.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: So first question – a couple of just accounting things. One is, I know that when you sold the Cellulose business, and congrats on getting that approval, they at least said that the EBITDA in 2015 was $350 million. And I'm just wondering, would that have really been $386 million or does that $350 million not include that corporate cost number for them?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Chip, I'm not – that $350 million is really based on their calculations and based on their models. And so, while we did see that number, you definitely want to look – we're reporting up to the point of where it's going to be out of our system. I really can't comment on how they came up with that particular number.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: So, that's what, it was for 2015? But I guess another way to ask the question is if I look at last year's EBITDA, as you reported it for the segment, then obviously about $36 million of the EBITDA would've been $36 million higher without these corporate cost allocations, is that fair?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. That is correct.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And then the second question is, I know – I believe it's just typically the case, but when you make it a discontinued operations, I believe the number you present in your slide includes all the cash costs, but not depreciation. In other words, you said that it made $52 million, but that, I would assume, does not include depreciation or does that bear any depreciation, or for that matter, any interest expense?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So we – there's $23 million of depreciation associated with that that was – we stopped, mid-quarter. If you looked at prior quarters, it would be about – the equivalent would be about $38 million of depreciation.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. So, you actually had $38 million per quarter going into the second quarter, but then you did $23 million in the second, and it'll be zero in the third. Is that fair?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Correct.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a more broader question, thanks for those details, is when you look at Eastern Canada, I've been hearing that – and I don't think you guys are terribly active there, but as you think about the lumber market, it seems like Eastern Canada, I'm hearing that their harvest or their growth of timber has actually come back in recent years and that there would be more activity there in lumber and perhaps even plywood, but lumber in particular. If there is any market for off take, OSB plants or pulp mills. And do you agree with that? In other words, do you think that you could see potential supply, leaving aside any kind of trade issues, coming from Eastern Canada or do you think that's not likely?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Chip, I would say, at least from our standpoint, it's in the not likely category. We have not seen what you're referencing and don't think additional capacity or additional capabilities are going to be available in Eastern Canada.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: And would you say it is fair in the Eastern half of the country, I'm not so sure about the West part of the continent that your residuals can often by a very material percentage of your profit?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a – it's an important part. That's right.
Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners: Understood. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Doyle, is it safe to say that with the better lumber prices and very successful asset sales that you're feeling pretty good that Weyerhaeuser has addressed the rating agencies issues and that at this point, you've got room to execute on your buybacks the way you want to rather than to make them happy.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Mark, this is Russell. We definitely spend time at the rating agencies to make sure that they understand our deposition and our EBITDA generation. And we're very comfortable with where we're at with the rating agencies and our current investment grade rating.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Mark, as you referenced the share repurchase – we have, as we said, we were going to do it on an accelerated basis. We've essentially completed the $2 billion in, I guess, less than six months and did it in what we think has been a attractive value from our shareholder perspective of less than $29.50 per share. So, pleased with the progress that we've made on the share repurchase.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: That's super. And just one quick comment or question on the log realizations. We've heard that smaller land owners in the South had been more aggressive. Do you think that's one of the reasons why we haven't seen log prices keeping up? Or is that not as widespread as we're hearing?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that is a component of what has happened on the log pricing. Small land owners, you never exactly what motivates them or when they bring things to market. But clearly there, we have seen some of that happening over the past year or two.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Gail Glazerman from Roe Equity Research.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research, LLC: Hi. Good morning. A quick question...
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research, LLC: A quick follow-up on the buybacks. If I remember correctly, it was initially going to be $2 billion of the $2.5 billion was going to be accelerated, and I'm just wondering if you could give some perspective on your approach to that remaining $500 million?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research, LLC: Will that be also accelerated or more opportunistic?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, you're exactly right, Gail. What we've said is that the authorization for the $2.5 billion, if we will do $2 billion on an accelerated basis, and as I just mentioned, we have essentially completed that. We've also said consistently that once we do, we'll take a pause and we'll work closely with our board to determine the timing of the additional $500 million. So, that's what we'll be doing.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research, LLC: Okay. This might be a little off the wall, but (43:14) used to talk about trying to build an export market out of the South? And is that something, an effort that you're continuing, and what your view would be from that, on the long-term?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. We are, as you would anticipate constantly evaluating our markets and the way to grow markets. As you also know, the South is very small in terms of export market currently, but we'll continue to look at opportunities as we move forward, and we think that market will in fact develop over time.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research, LLC: Okay. And just one last one, yesterday, your partner with some of the development plans, and around the Carolinas is talking about an accelerated monetization. And I was just wondering if you could give some perspective on how that might affect Weyerhaeuser?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So those are the joint venture partnerships that Plum Creek entered into. And we have been in discussions with them, and we're aware that they're seeking to do an accelerated program to divest to some of those properties. Given that's a joint venture, we treat that as equity accounting. We'll see the benefit of that as they execute on that plan.
Gail S. Glazerman - Roe Equity Research, LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just wanted to follow-up on the real estate, and the stepping up of activity there later this year and into next year, is that primarily going to be on legacy Weyerhaeuser lands or would we – should we expect it to be a mix of legacy Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek? Because obviously the Plum Creek land presumably were stepped up, but the Weyerhaeuser lands haven't been.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, Mark, this is Russell. We'll see a mix, but we may see some more Plum Creek lands coming in, in the third and fourth quarter, which will result in a little higher bases because of that step-up. As we look at the combined portfolio, obviously, we're focused on getting to the Weyerhaeuser lands through the AVO process. But in conjunction with that, we're looking at all the opportunities on the combined portfolio. And it really does provide us with a lot of optionality as far as which lands to bring to market.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then, shifting gears a little bit, but any kind of big picture thoughts on how you'll be going about the dividend recognizing you had a lot of improvement in your Wood Products business. It's kind of underlying earnings there. Yet, Timber has maybe been a little bit slow to see the price improvement in the South. How – what might be a kind of a helpful way of thinking through how you'd be approaching the dividend at this point and if it's changed at all as your mix of businesses have changed quite a bit in the last year or so?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Mark. As you know, we're committed to a growing and sustainable dividend. 2016 is going to be very noisy as we continue to move forward and lots of moving pieces. As we look into 2017, we're going to continue to benefit from cost and operational synergies, continued OpEx improvements, strong housing market, all those types of things. We will be spending time with our board as we move forward to figure out exactly how to think about the dividend on a go-forward basis with the mix of assets that we now have with the much more stable earnings stream that comes from Timberlands and then the improvements that we've made in our Wood Products to take some of the volatility out of that, and most importantly probably to eliminate some of the downside in our Wood Products operation on a go-forward basis. So, all things that would be factoring in to what the appropriate level of our dividend is on a go-forward basis.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And one last one if I could, the tax rate guidance, 18% to 20% I guess a little higher than I would have anticipated. And maybe, what one question would be, does the interest expense – can that get allocated to taxable – the taxable REIT subsidiary or does some of that actually run through the – not get that benefit?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So, Mark, we're guiding the 18% to 20% for our full year tax rate. As far as the allocation of the interest expense between the taxable REIT subsidiary and the REIT, we actually have debt that is associated with taxable REIT subsidiary. So, that's allocated and tax effected accordingly. And then, there's debt associated with the REIT assets. So, you'll get a blended rate.
Mark Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. I'll circle back. Thank you.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Thanks everybody for joining. As indicated, that was our final question, and I'd just like to close by thanking everybody for their interest in Weyerhaeuser. Take care.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Elizabeth L. Baum - Director-Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John P. Babcock - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co. Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth L. Baum - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2016 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Beth, and welcome everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter net earnings of $70 million or $0.11 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Excluding special items, we earned $150 million or $0.24 per diluted share. Our first quarter earnings included results from Plum Creek for the period February 19 through March 31. Special items for the first quarter included integration and restructuring charges related to the Plum Creek merger and a strategic review of our Cellulose Fiber business, partially offset by gain on the sale of our corporate campus. I'm extremely proud of the work of our employees in the quarter, as we closed the Plum Creek merger, delivered solid operating performance across each of our businesses, and took significant steps toward achieving the commitments that will drive long-term value for shareholders of our merged company including – we have specific plans in place to capture $100 million of hard dollar cost synergies, and I am highly confident that we will meet or exceed this run rate target by the end of year one. As part of that, we made and announced nearly all our personnel decisions in the 41 days between merger close and the end of the first quarter. We raised $2.5 billion of attractively priced term loan financing and began to aggressively execute against our $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization. At the end of the first quarter, we had repurchased approximately $860 million or 35% of our authorization at an average price of $27.49 per share, and we close the sale of our corporate campus for $70 million in cash with our move to Seattle on track and scheduled for September. We have continued to execute against our goals as the second quarter has progressed. On April 1, we closed the Twin Creeks transaction announced by Plum Creek in September 2015, receiving $440 million in cash in a transaction that valued 260,000 acres of Plum Creek Southern Timberlands at $2,150 per acre. As of the end of April, our share repurchase program was 50% complete with cumulative repurchases of $1.25 billion or nearly 44 million shares at an average price of $28.62. And finally, earlier this week, we announced the conclusion of a portion of our Cellulose Fibers business strategic review with the sale of our pulp mills to International Paper for $2.2 billion. I will turn now to our first quarter business results. I'll begin with some brief comments about the housing market. The U.S. housing market continues to grow at a moderate pace, supported by a continuing job growth and historically low interest rates. As of March, total housing starts had improved 14% year-to-date compared with 2015. Single-family starts have grown even more and are up 23% year-to-date. Although multi-family activity, which is typically more volatile, has driven some choppiness in monthly indicators, first quarter housing activity has been consistent with our expectations and those of our customers. Despite some headwinds from labor constraints, builder sentiment remains extremely strong. We continue to plan for just over 1.2 million housing starts in 2016. Let me now turn to our business segments. Following the merger, we realigned our management structure and our business segments to incorporate the increased scale of our Timberlands operations, as well as the addition of Plum Creek's real estate, energy, and natural resources expertise. For the first quarter, Weyerhaeuser is reporting four business segments: Timberlands; Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources; Wood Products; and Cellulose Fibers. To make it easier to compare current and historical results, business segment results for prior periods have been adjusted to reflect our new segment definitions. We've also revised our definition of adjusted EBITDA to add back the non-cash basis of real estate sold. With this change, EBITDA for the Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment will better reflect the cash generated by those activities. Going forward, we will focus on adjusted EBITDA for all our businesses. I will now begin the discussion, Timberlands, charts 3 to 5. In Timberlands, we're reporting EBITDA by three primary geographies, Western Timberlands includes Washington and Oregon; Southern Timberlands includes all Southern states; and Northern Timberlands includes operations in Montana, the Lake States, New England, and West Virginia. Results from Canada and Uruguay are reported in other Timberlands. Recreational lease activities continues to be reported within the Timberlands segment and volumes and realizations for our Timberlands business are now reported in tons. Timberlands contributed $129 million to first quarter earnings, an improvement of $22 million compared with the fourth quarter. These results include a higher non-cash depletion and amortization costs due to the step-up in Timberlands basis associated with acquisition accounting and the alignment of our accounting policies. Adjusted EBITDA for Timberlands increased by $39 million to $199 million. Approximately, 12% of Timberlands first quarter EBITDA is attributable to the addition of Plum Creek operations. Western Timberlands contributed $118 million to first quarter EBITDA, an improvement of $15 million compared with the fourth quarter. Western fee harvest volumes increased due to slightly higher harvest for legacy Weyerhaeuser land and a partial quarter of Plum Creek harvest. Average realizations for Western logs declined slightly due to a shift in mix from export to domestic markets. Average realizations for export logs improved and export sales volumes were comparable to the fourth quarter. Sales volumes to Japan increased and pricing improved modestly due to continued strong demand. Japanese wooden housing starts have improved slightly compared with 2015 as mortgage rates remained low and we see some pull forward in advance of a scheduled increased in the consumption tax next year. Volumes to China declined seasonally compared with fourth quarter as construction activity paused during the Lunar New Year period. Average realizations improved slightly. Log inventory to Chinese ports rose during the first quarter, but remained within a normal range for the season and well below the elevated levels experienced during the first quarter of 2015. With inventories in line and slightly improved construction activity, our customers are optimistic regarding current market conditions. In Western domestic market, log supply and demand remained balanced and realizations improved slightly. Southern Timberland contributed $77 million to first quarter EBITDA, $21 million more than the fourth quarter. This improvement was attributable to a partial quarter of Plum Creek operations. A partial quarter of harvest from Plum Creek's 3.4 million Southern acres increased Southern harvest by 40% and more than offset a small seasonal decline in harvest from legacy Weyerhaeuser land. Realizations for Southern logs declined slightly primarily due to mix. Silviculture costs and forestry costs declined as activity was delayed due to wet weather. A partial quarter of results from Plum Creek's Northern Timberlands contributed $3 million to first quarter EBITDA. Operational excellence initiatives continue to contribute to Timberlands' results. On our fourth quarter earnings call, we set a target of $20 million of $30 million of OpEx improvements from legacy Weyerhaeuser Holdings. Following the merger, we have now increased the Timberlands' 2016 OpEx target to $30 million to $50 million to incorporate $10 million to $20 million of operational synergies we expect to achieve from the merger this year. The multi-year OpEx targets for Timberlands has also increased to $200 million, including the $64 million achieved in 2014 and 2015 to incorporate operational synergy opportunity from the merger. Timberlands has begun an internal benchmarking exercise to identify best practices in silviculture, logging and transportation, and leverage those learnings across the entire Timberlands portfolio. Although this work is still in the early stages, I'm pleased by the level of energy and teamwork in identifying opportunities across the business. Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, chart 6 and 7. The Real Estate & ENR segment includes sales of HBU and non-core Timberland property as well as lease and royalty income from minerals, aggregates, and oil and gas. These activities were formerly reported within Weyerhaeuser's Timberlands segment. Real Estate & ENR contributed $15 million to first quarter earnings, $12 million lower than the fourth quarter. However, EBITDA increased by $1 million to $34 million as lower EBITDA from legacy Weyerhaeuser operations was more than offset by a partial quarter of Plum Creek results. Total acreage sold increased in the first quarter compared with the fourth quarter due to a conservation sale of over 8,000 acres of Maine timberlands. Although a partial quarter of Plum Creek's operations contributed significantly to the segment's EBITDA, the Plum Creek contribution to earnings was minimal because Plum Creek land was marked up to fair value as part of the merger purchase price allocation. Operational excellence for the Real Estate & ENR business will be based on the premium to Timberland values captured from the sale of HBU properties. The first step in defining the size of this opportunity is applying Plum Creek's asset value optimization, or AVO, process across Weyerhaeuser's 6.9 million acres of legacy Timberlands. This process is underway and we anticipate it will be substantially complete in about one year. Wood Products, charts 8 and 9. Wood Products contributed $87 million to first quarter earnings compared with earnings before special items of $48 million in the fourth quarter. Results for Plum Creek lumber mills are reported as part of the lumber business and results for Plum Creek's plywood and medium density fiberboard, or MDF, facilities are reported with Engineered Wood Products. Adjusted EBITDA for the Wood Products segment increased to $117 million, primarily due to improved unit manufacturing costs and seasonally higher sales volume. Approximately 4% of Wood Products' first quarter EBITDA is attributable to the addition of Plum Creek operations. In lumber, EBITDA improved $18 million compared with fourth quarter. Average realizations improved 1% and sales volumes increased 3%. Unit manufacturing costs declined due to higher operating rates and strong operating performance. Fourth quarter included downtime for installation of capital projects. In OSB, EBITDA increased to $31 million, $6 million higher than the fourth quarter and $27 million higher than the first quarter of last year. Unit manufacturing costs improved due to strong operating performance and reduced downtime for planned maintenance. This more than offset a 3% decrease in average sales realizations. Sales volumes increased 5%. Engineered Wood Products' EBITDA more than doubled to $31 million, compared with $14 million in the fourth quarter. Operating rates and unit manufacturing costs improved due to higher demand, strong operating performance, and reduced downtime for maintenance and capital projects. Sales volumes increased seasonally and average realizations declined slightly due to mix. EBITDA for the Distribution business improved to $4 million, $2 million more than the fourth quarter and $7 million more than the first quarter of 2015. This business benefited from improved margins and lower operating cost. Operational excellence continues to contribute to Wood Products results as all four businesses gain leverage from ongoing improvements in controllable cost. The businesses are collectively targeting $55 million to $75 million of operational excellence improvements in 2016. Each business remains relentlessly focused on its initiatives and is on track to achieve its target. Cellulose Fibers, charts 10 and 11. Cellulose Fibers contributed $28 million to first quarter earnings, compared with earnings before special items of $64 million in the fourth quarter. Average sales realizations for pulp and liquid packaging declined as prices remained under pressure. Sales volumes declined only slightly as demand for our pulp remained strong despite the seasonally weak Lunar New Year period. Maintenance expense increased due to additional scheduled maintenance outage days. First quarter included 16 days of scheduled maintenance outages compared with eight days in the fourth quarter. As I noted earlier, we have announced the sale of our pulp mills to International Paper in a $2.2 billion cash transaction. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory review, and we expect it to close in the fourth quarter. This transaction delivers compelling value for our shareholders and we expect to use a substantial portion of the $1.6 billion after-tax proceeds for repayment of the 18-month term loans raised during the first quarter. I want to thank the employees of our Cellulose Fibers business for their dedication and professionalism as they have continued to operate safely and deliver an exceptional customer experience through the strategic review process. As noted in Monday's press release, the strategic review of our liquid packaging business and newsprint and publication venture is ongoing, and we look forward to sharing more information with you when that review is complete. I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss some financial items and our second quarter outlook.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Doyle, and good morning. The overall outlook for the second quarter is summarized on chart 16 of the earnings slides. Please note that the second quarter will include a full quarter of Plum Creek operations. Starting with Timberlands, we expect second quarter EBITDA to come in approximately 10% higher than first quarter with second quarter earnings comparable to the first quarter. It is important to note that as part of the purchase price allocation, the Plum Creek Timberlands basis was stepped up to reflect fair value. As a result, new depletion rates were established for the combined Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek Timberlands. In addition to changes in the depletion rate, the accounting policies for amortization of road and other related expenses have been aligned. These changes will result in total amortization and depletion expense of approximately $90 million for the second quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, log export volume is expected to improve in the second quarter as volumes to China increased following the seasonally low Lunar New Year period. Japanese export volumes were elevated in the first quarter and are expected to return to more normal seasonal levels in the second quarter. We anticipate stable pricing for our Japanese and Chinese export logs with a slight decline in overall export price realizations due to the higher proportion of Chinese volume. Domestic log volumes will increase with the addition of the Plum Creek activity with prices remain stable quarter-over-quarter. Costs will be higher due to shifting harvest activity to higher elevation, which is typical during the spring season. In the South, harvest volumes will increase approximately 40% as we benefit from the full quarter of Plum Creek operations. We expect average log prices will decrease modestly as the harvest mix will include a higher proportion of pulpwood logs. In addition, forestry expenses will be higher due to increased seasonal spending. In the North, harvest volumes will be above the first quarter levels with the inclusion of a full quarter of Plum Creek operations. The second quarter typically has the lowest harvest levels of the year because of spring weather conditions with the mud season, which limits access to harvest sites in the Northern operating region. Average sales realizations will be comparable to first quarter levels. Note, that prior to the merger, Plum Creek included their Oregon and Washington activity in their Northern segment. Moving on to our full year Timber harvest outlook. We expect our combined 2016 fee harvest will be 40 million to 42 million tons. The 2016 fee harvest is comparable to the combined Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek 2015 harvest levels after adding Plum Creek's harvest for the January 1 to February 19 pre-merger period. Real Estate and Energy and Natural Resources' second quarter EBITDA and earnings are expected to be similar to the first quarter. Higher and better use markets remain active in the Southern states and we expect similar transaction activity in the second quarter as compared to the first quarter. In the second half of the year, we expect transaction counts to increase as more higher and better use properties are identified through our AVO process and brought to market. For the remainder of the year, we estimate the sales mix will be evenly split between Weyerhaeuser and Plum Creek lands, with an average basis of 50%. For Wood Products, inventories throughout the supply chain remain relatively low, as buyers continue to meet their purchasing needs on a just-in-time basis. Prices for lumber have improved in the second half of the first quarter, and that trend continued into the second quarter. Average April sales realizations were $30 higher than the first quarter average. OSB prices have also rallied, with average April sales realizations approximately $15 higher than the first quarter averages. We anticipate prices will continue to strengthen during the second quarter, as building activity increases. Sales volume for the Engineered Wood Products are expected to be seasonally higher in the second quarter, and we expect continued improvement in this business. Operating rates remain strong across all the Wood Products business lines. We expect overall second quarter EBITDA and earnings for the Wood Products segment will be significantly higher than the first quarter. In fact, EBITDA for this segment has not been this strong since the second quarter of 2013. This is primarily a result of our improved operational performance and competitive cost structure. Moving to Cellulose Fibers, EBITDA and earnings in Cellulose Fibers business were expected to increase during the second quarter with higher average sales realizations across our product lines. Volumes are expected to be similar to first quarter levels. We anticipate maintenance spending to be similar to first quarter. Other cost of sales are expected to decrease slightly due to lower fiber and energy costs. For our key financial items, cash from operations during the first quarter was $47 million. The first quarter is usually our lowest operating cash flow quarter due to seasonally lower earnings, inventory buildup, and semi-annual interest payments. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $415 million. Going forward, we anticipate that our normalized cash balance will be in the range of $200 million to $400 million, which we feel is an appropriate level for the capital structure at this time. We completed our planned post-transaction financing in February and March by entering into two 18-month term loans at a floating rate of LIBOR plus 105 basis points or approximately 1.5%. The loans have a total capacity of $2.5 billion. At the end of the quarter, we had drawn down $1.1 billion. Long-term debt, not including the term loan balance of $1.1 billion, was $6.7 billion at the end of the quarter. We have no debt maturities in 2016 and we intend to pay down the new term loans primarily with proceeds from asset sales. This will allow us to move toward our target debt to EBITDA ratio of 3.5 times. Interest expense for the first quarter reflects a partial quarter of interest for both the Plum Creek legacy debt and the new term loans. Looking forward, our 2016 interest expense will be approximately $450 million for the year. Moving on to capital expenditures, first quarter capital expenditures totaled $73 million. Our capital spending is seasonal and tends to be lowest in the first quarter before ramping up through the rest of the year. We continue to expect 2016 CapEx will be approximately $450 million, excluding Cellulose Fibers. This includes minimal spending for Real Estate and Energy and Natural resources where the focus is on entitlement and royalty contracts and not capital-intensive development. Our 2016 total company tax rate would be dependent upon the mix of REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary income. We are currently estimating our full year total company tax rate to be approximately 18% to 20%. Due to prior year overpayment, we do not anticipate making a cash payment in 2016. These first quarter estimates do not take into account the impact of the divestiture of the pulp business, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. Let me direct your attention to chart 12, which details the major components of our unallocated items. Income before special items improved to $19 million in the first quarter compared with $1 million of expense in fourth quarter of 2015. Improvement was driven primarily by foreign exchange as the Canadian dollar strengthened 7% against the U.S. dollar during the quarter. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle and look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Russell. I will close my comments this morning with some brief comments on the merger integration process. Two-and-a-half months after day one, we have made solid progress on merger integration. Our merged corporate area team is operating together out of our building in Federal Way and we have begun the consolidation of regional offices. Each of our senior management team members has spent several weeks on the road meeting with employees and reinforcing our vision and the core values, relentless focus, and key behaviors that will define our success as a merged company. I look forward to building on that strong foundation as we work together to be the world's premier timber, land and forest products company. We are relentlessly focused on improving performance through operational excellence and capturing cost and operational synergies to leverage the full benefit of an improving U.S. housing market and drive long-term value to our shareholders. And now, we like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Plum Creek typically gave guidance on annual revenue from the Real Estate business and I was wondering if you would continue that, if you had any thoughts on sales or EBITDA contribution in 2016. And then from your comments earlier, is it safe to say you'd expect Real Estate sales to step-up in 2017 as you apply that AVO methodology to Weyerhaeuser's portfolio?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Anthony, as we indicated, we are right in the middle of applying the AVO process across the entire legacy Weyerhaeuser Timberland base. And as Russell mentioned, we anticipate that activity will ramp-up in the second half of 2016 and into 2017 as you mentioned. As we get a better feel for what those numbers are going to look like, we will provide guidance as we have historically on a quarterly basis to let you know what we think those will look like going forward. But we're excited about the process. We think there's lots of opportunity, and that activity, as I said, will ramp-up in the second half of 2016 and into 2017.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then switching to lumber, prices have been much stronger than we expected year-to-date. And I was wondering if you could give us some sense of what's happening on the ground in terms of demand you're seeing at job sites, how tight inventories are. And I think typically we see a little seasonal weakness in the second quarter. And I think in your comments, you referenced continued strengthening. So, what's driving your confidence there and maybe what's different from previous years?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, we're encouraged by what we're seeing in lumber and the price increases that have taken place to-date, Anthony. I think the key drivers are just improvement in demand, and as I highlighted, especially in single-family housing has been a big part of it. And then the other part, and Russell mentioned this, is just the low inventory levels across the system. So, what we've seen is average prices for April, $30 above first quarter average, and current prices are $10 above the April average, so it has continued to go up. And as we said based on the low inventories, the strong demand, we are very encouraged by what we've seen on the ground in terms of lumber demand and the opportunity for pricing going forward.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then just following up on the outlook for Wood Products, you talked about 2Q EBITDA being significantly higher than 1Q. Is there any way you can put a finer point on that or quantify that versus previous years?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Russell mentioned it, you can go back to second quarter of 2013 as kind of a comparable period. The reason – the other thing, Anthony, and the reason we laid out the price and the detail that we did, you, of course, know the leverage. But in terms of, on an annual basis, every $10 increase in lumber is $40 million on an annual basis. Every $10 increase in OSB is $30 million on an annual basis. I should mention that we talked about lumber, but OSB prices have continued to improve as well, and current prices are up another $7 versus the April average in OSB. So, we try to provide you the leverage that we have to pricing, and I'll tell you on top of that, as you saw in the first quarter results, our Wood Products business is running, operating really well. And we anticipate that's going to continue as we move through the quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russell.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Collin.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First question for me. Just as far as acquisition opportunities from here, Doyle, can you maybe just touch on the final terms with the Twin Creeks JV? And, obviously, we've seen a few larger Timberland deals here announced in the last few weeks. Maybe just your take on the current acquisition environment.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, let me comment on the current acquisition environment and then I'll ask Russell to comment on Twin Creeks. So, in terms of the current acquisition environment, there continues to be a lot of interest in this asset class and, frankly, a lot of money chasing deals. As we've seen announced recently, there have been some deals that are happening. I would highlight on the West some transaction announced at $4,300 an acre and then in the South, of course, our Twin Creeks transaction at $2,150 an acre, and then I think I saw just last night CatchMark announced something at $2,000 an acre. So, I would tell you, as I've said, a lot of increased activity, a lot of interest in the asset class. And I would say, good values being paid for high-quality property. And, now, let me turn it over to Russell to comment on Twin Creeks.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, Collin, as we announced, we closed the Twin Creeks transaction on April 1. And that was a deal that was put together prior to the merger, obviously. And we delayed the close so that we could sit down with the investors and make sure that we'd structured it appropriately, given Weyerhaeuser's differences to Plum Creek. So, the real key items are, the property management agreement under the Plum Creek structure was 15 years. We've shortened that to three years under the Weyerhaeuser, as amended. And then the equity ownership dropped from 25% to 21%. Those are probably the two biggest items that changed in the transaction.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And maybe just, Russell, remind us on what can Weyerhaeuser buy for its balance sheet versus what has to have a first right of refusal to the JV?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Right. So, the acquisition right of first refusal is anything under $10 million, Weyerhaeuser can buy on its account. And that's primarily because those would probably be properties that are more adjacent to operations. Anything in between $10 million and $200 million first goes to the joint venture for a period of three years. And so, the remaining $400 million of cash available for acquisitions is completed.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Very helpful. And then I guess, Russell, just – I wanted – when the dust settles with the Fibers business and use of proceeds for that. I know in the prepared remarks you're referencing kind of a 3.5 times debt to EBITDA. But are you going to move any of those leverage targets up a little bit given the mix of businesses is going to be a lot more towards timber and less towards manufacturing capacity or what do you stand on that?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, was your question in relation to leverage ratios?
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, I would say that right now we're targeting to 3.5 times, we'll continue to move towards that over time. As we've mentioned, we issued short-term debt. We'll use sale of assets to reduce bad debt over time.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just one other follow-up on Anthony's question, just as it relates to the Real Estate business. I think, Doyle, you've suggested in the past may be 15% to 20% of the combined companies could potentially be Real Estate. Is that still how you're thinking about, again recognizing you're still relatively early in that review process? But would that be fair as we start thinking about 2017 to the comment that it's going to step-up materially?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's exactly right, Collin. We are still comfortable with that guidance of 15% to 20%. And as I mentioned, we anticipate real estate activity will ramp-up second half of 2016 and into 2017 to get us to that range. Every year won't be exactly that, but that's kind of a guideline as to what we anticipate the contribution from Real Estate will be on a go-forward basis after we complete the AVO process.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Collin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
John P. Babcock - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone. This is actually John Babcock standing in for George. Just two quick questions for you. First on the EWP markets. Demand was a little better than we expected, and just wanted to get a little bit of a sense for what you're seeing in the market and ultimately how that might trend for the rest of the year?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, so we were encouraged by the demand in EWP in the quarter. I think that's primarily driven by the increase in single-family starts. As you very well know, that is by far the biggest driver of demand for EWP and with single-family starts being up 23% in the first quarter, that flowed through to our EWP business. And again, optimistic that housing is going to continue to improve, including an improvement in single-family starts, so that should bode well for EWP for the balance of the year.
John P. Babcock - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. And then secondly, just as the – with regards to the merger as a whole, as that gets under way, ultimately how do you expect that to impact the pace and trajectory of the operating improvements that you're targeting for the business?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, the key there, of course, is the OpEx targets for Timberland. And as we mentioned, we have raised those targets significantly. In 2016, the original target pre-merger was $20 million to $30 million for Timberlands. We have now raised that to $30 million to $50 million for 2016 to identify the early opportunities to deliver operational synergies, which are, of course, above the cost synergies. More importantly than that, though, we raised the multi-year target to $200 million. So that's an incremental $130 million above what we received – what we accomplished in 2014 and 2015. So, an additional $130 million that we think we will be able to accomplish over the next two to three years, as we put these two companies together and deliver bottom-line operational synergies. So, really excited about that opportunity. A lot of work going on currently to do benchmarking of the best of each company and start to identify opportunities to drive those operational synergies to the bottom line. So, excited about that as we move forward.
John P. Babcock - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. Just a quick follow-up there, though. I mean with the merger kind of starting obviously in the first half here, do you expect that – the improvements for this year to be kind of back-weighted?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, let's talk about the two components just to be clear. So, there's cost synergies and then there's operational synergies. In terms of the cost synergies, as I've said, these are hard dollar cost synergies, as I've said in my remarks, we are highly confident that we'll meet or exceed the $100 million run rate that we laid out as a target. I'll tell you that will be somewhat lumpy, but it's not going to be all backend loaded, and we will report out on our progress on that on a quarterly basis as we move forward. As with – in terms of operational synergies, again, $10 million to $20 million additional on top of what we had already identified for Timberlands in 2016. And then I would say kind of as you've seen distributed kind of evenly over the next two or three years to get the balance of the operational synergies that we've identified as part of the merger.
John P. Babcock - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks. Doyle, do you have much visibility into the split of export log business for the year between Japan and China? You talked about seasonality, so I'm kind of hoping you can give some sense of what you think the whole year might look like?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would think the whole year, Mark, will be in line with kind of what we've seen historically. But let me give you just a little bit of color on what we're seeing in each of those markets currently. And then if that doesn't answer your question, we'll come back to it. But in terms of Japan, as we talked about, volume and pricing were both up in the first quarter. We think – and a little bit of that was pull forward for people being ready for an anticipated run up before the consumption tax increase. In the second quarter we think demand, because it was elevated in the first quarter, will be down a little bit in the second quarter and price will be down, flat to down slightly. China, encouraged about what's happening there. As you know, the inventories didn't build like they have over the last couple of years in the first quarter, so we anticipate both demand and pricing will be up in the second quarter. And then domestic, as we said, good demand, probably a little bit slightly lower prices in the second quarter. So, as you know in the slides, we break out the percentage of Japan versus China and Korea, and we wouldn't see any significant changes there as we move forward, although in the second quarter, we will anticipate as I just highlighted, China being a larger component. And maybe that continues for the balance of the year if China continues to accelerate in terms of demand like we've seen in the first and going into the second quarter.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Super. That's really helpful. Can I ask just one more question? Can you remind us how much of your OSB is currently going into your EWP business?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark, we're going to get back with you with that exact number. It's a small part of it, but I just don't know that number exactly off the top of my head, but we'll get back with you.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Fair enough. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Just a couple follow-ups first. On the – just want to make sure I understand, so the cost synergy is the $100 million. Where will that be showing up? Will that be presumably in the various segments as well, primarily in Timberlands? But that is separate from the operational synergies? And I think you talked about being $130 million over a couple years. Is that correct?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That is correct, Mark. It will show up in various places, but it'll show up in the segment and then we'll lay out a way for you to track it exactly. But more importantly than that, to your second point, yes, the additional OpEx amount that we've identified for Timberland is above and beyond the hard dollar cost synergies.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Completely different bucket.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then a second quick follow-up, also you'd mentioned 15% to 20% from real estate sales. Was that a reference to EBITDA? And are we talking kind of $300 million to $350 million or so expectations coming from real estate from an EBITDA perspective? Is that how we should think about that? Or was that a different reference?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. It was an EBITDA reference. And again, once this – we ramp-up, just general guidelines, 15% to 20% of overall EBITDA for the company would come – we would anticipate would come from the real estate business. Now, like I said, a lot of work to do and identify all of those opportunities, but just to give – we wanted to give some guidance of what we thought that number could be on a go-forward basis.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, and then lastly, just understand kind of the expected pace on the share repurchase. I think you had indicated previously that you anticipated about $2 billion of the $2.5 billion would be done quite quickly – forget the exact terminology. Now, would you be just continuing to draw down on the term loan to execute on that, and then you pay all of that back when the pulp business gets sold? Is that how to think of it?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, Mark, you're exactly right. What we said is $2 billion of the $2.5 billion we would do on an accelerated basis. And I think we've shown that that's exactly what we're doing. Once that's completed, we'll kind of pause and reevaluate the timing on the additional $500 million. You're right, we'll draw down on the term loan and we will use the asset sales and whatever else; but asset sales in Twin Creeks, whatever, to pay down that debt – that short-term debt.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. This might seem kind of silly to just focus on a small part of your portfolio, but with 320,000 acres in Uruguay, you only had $1 million in EBITDA? So is there something about the accounting that keeps the cash or the contribution in South America?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, there's nothing that would keep cash in any given place, Steve. So, as we've said, as part of this, we're going to be evaluating our 13.2 million acres of Timberland and making decisions as to what we want the long-term portfolio to look like; with 13.2 million acres and no big tax in place, we have lots of flexibility.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah. I mean, I don't know how much managerial bandwidth it takes, but it's not a big contribution. And then switching gears, I assume that NORPAC and the Longview mill will also be sold. I'm just wondering, does that have any implications for your export terminal at the Port of Longview?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. That has no implications for that.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks. And one other quick clarification – maybe I need a hearing aid. I think Russell referenced Q2 2013, and you referenced Q2 2014 when you were talking about the Wood Products run rate?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: If I said Q2 2014 that was a mistake. The reference was to Q2 2013.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. It was a better quarter. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Thank you; and I know you guys have been working hard the last few months. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Chip.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: First question has to do – thank you – is with the pension income. I know – should that continue to be at the higher level that we saw in the first quarter at roughly, I think, it was $9 million per quarter for the whole year?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I think on the pension income we're expecting a little improvement in 2016.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And so at the same – should it be similar in the second, third, and fourth to the amount you showed on unallocated items in the first quarter?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. That would be our expectation.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then on the depletion side, I know you said something about $90 million. When I look at the first quarter of 2016 versus 2015, it was up about $37 million. Are you saying it should be up year-over-year therefore by – are you saying depletion should be up $90 million or EBITDA should be up $90 million from – which is probably saying the same thing, since EBIT is going to be flat. But I just want to make sure I had that progression right for Timberlands?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So the depletion and amortization for the second quarter will be $90 million and that's a fair number to use through third and fourth quarter also.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then how about the depletion for the real estate segment in the second quarter?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You can probably look at what the first quarter was like as a pretty good guide.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Even though your real estate sales will pick up a little bit?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Second quarter they will probably be similar to first quarter, and then pick up in the second half of the year.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, got you. And then next question has to do with the – I think Doyle mentioned the real estate sales would be ramping to eventually around a $350 million EBITDA level sort of a target out there. Should we see that – is 2018 a realistic year that you think you'll get there, or is that pushing it too soon?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think that's pushing it to too fine a point, Chip. Again, we're right in the middle of the AVO process. Again, what we wanted to do is just give some guidance as to the potential magnitude of the real estate business at 15% to 20% of the overall EBITDA for the company. We're going to learn a lot more as we go through this process. So, we'll be further refining that in terms of the timing as we move forward.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And last quick one, the business you just announced you sold to IP, is that going to be reported as a normal segment until it's sold or are you going to split it out as a discontinued operations, or have you figured that out yet?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The pulp business will be asset held for sale, so it would be a discontinued operation starting in second quarter.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Oh, okay, important. And so when you give us adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS, you will not include the income from that business?
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Correct. You'll be able to see it in our presentation, so you can run your calculations.
Clyde Alvin Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Russell S. Hagen - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Chip.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one additional question. Your final question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Russ.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Doyle, I have a couple of portfolio questions. I think one of them you've answered already, and that is just, any potential portfolio repositioning within the Timberlands, maybe concentrating more going forward on plantations in the South and in the Northwest?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. As I mentioned, Mark, as part of the integration process we're going to – it's going to involve a review of the overall Timberlands portfolio. And again, as I mentioned with 13-plus million acres and no built-in gains tax we've got lots of flexibility as to how we create the most value for our shareholders going forward. So, that work is ongoing.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, and is it fair to say that the focus is going to be kind of plantation forestry, Doyle?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't want to exclude anything at this point, Mark. Let us do the work and figure out exactly what we want the portfolio to look like as we move forward.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then the second one I had is just kind of on capital allocation going forward, particularly thinking about what your business investment focus is going to be. You're selling the Cellulose Fibers business. That was clearly a forestry-related business that had a good cash return. And if I look over at kind of Plum, historically, they had invested in a limited scale in things like gravel pit participations, which looked like they were lower return businesses and not forestry-related. So, if we think kind of going forward, are there any bounds you would want us to kind of think about in terms of where you'll put capital and where you won't put capital?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, Mark, as you know, we've done a lot of work here at Weyerhaeuser over the past few years to really focus our company. And as we say in where we're headed, we're going to the premier timberland and forest products company going forward. So, I wouldn't – I think, as you see us, first and foremost, we're going to focus on delivering the value from the Plum Creek merger. As we look to invest going forward, Mark, I would tell you, it's going to be focused on those areas. We do not anticipate moving into other areas – or non-forest-related areas in any significant way.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's helpful. Good luck in the second quarter and through the balance of the year.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call...
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Operator: I'm sorry. Please go ahead.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I was just going to say, as I understand it, that was our final question. I want to thank everyone for joining this morning. Thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser and we look forward to continuing to report out our progress as we move forward. Everybody, have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Denise M. Merle - Senior VP-Human Resources & Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Denise Merle, Vice President of Human Resources and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Denise M. Merle - Senior VP-Human Resources & Investor Relations: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2015 earnings. On the call with me this morning are Doyle Simons, CEO; Patty Bedient, CFO; and Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings material on our website. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Denise, and welcome, everyone. For the past two years, we've been relentlessly focused on making Weyerhaeuser a truly great company by pulling three key levers to drive value for shareholders: portfolio, performance and capital allocation. In 2015, we've made significant progress in each of these areas. We announced two transformational portfolio changes, a merger with Plum Creek that will create the world's premier timberland and forest products company and the exploration of strategic alternatives for our Cellulose Fibers business. We maintained a relentless focus on improving our relative performance and delivered on our second set of annual operational excellence targets. And importantly, we delivered on our commitment to return cash to shareholders. We increased our dividend by 7%, and we repurchased nearly $520 million of common shares in 2015. Despite ongoing headwinds related to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and global macroeconomic uncertainty, we remain focused on what we could control. And for the fourth quarter, our business has once again delivered solid operating results. Weyerhaeuser reported fourth quarter net earnings of $59 million or $0.11 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Excluding special items, we earned $121 million or $0.24 per share. Our primary special item for the fourth quarter was a non-cash asset impairment in our newsprint equity affiliate. Additional items included costs for the Plum Creek merger and the closure of several distribution centers, and a tax benefit from the expiration of our built-in gains period. I will begin the discussion of our fourth quarter business results with some brief comments about the housing market. The housing market maintained positive momentum in the fourth quarter as favorable weather conditions enabled building activity to continue through December in many areas of the country. Single-family housing starts improved in the quarter and ended the year up 10% compared with 2014. Total U.S. housing starts ended 2015 at just over 1.1 million, an improvement of 11% compared with last year. For 2016, we expect steady moderate growth in the U.S. housing market. We are planning for just over 1.2 million housing starts in an increasing single-family share. With improving job growth and historically low interest rate, U.S. economic fundamentals support a continuing recovery. Despite some headwinds from labor constraint and falling oil prices, builder sentiment remains extremely strong. Most of our customers tell us they are planning for 2016 growth rate in the low-double digits. Let me now turn to our business segment results, starting with Timberlands, charts 3 to 5. Timberlands contributed $134 million to fourth quarter earnings, an improvement of $8 million compared with the third quarter. In the West, fee harvest volumes rose seasonally as we exited the third quarter fire season, and average log realizations increased due to a greater percentage of export sales. Each of our export markets improved during the quarter. Log sales volumes to Japan increased and prices rose modestly as a solid Japanese housing market continues to drive demand. So the full-year 2015, Japanese win housing starts grew by 3%. In China, log inventories at the ports declined throughout the fourth quarter as many suppliers curtailed shipments in response to weak third quarter pricing. Although overall Chinese market demand remained relatively flat compared with the third quarter, average realizations for our China export logs increased and sales volumes rose as we flexed volume to take advantage of opportunities created by the tighter Chinese inventory situation. In Western domestic markets, log supply and demand remained balanced during the quarter. Realizations for our Western domestic logs declined slightly to a greater mix of hemlock and other whitewood. The flooding experienced in some regions of Washington and in Oregon during December had no significant effect on our operations or infrastructure. In the South, heavy rainfall did affect harvest operations in select wood baskets, but fee harvest declined only 3% compared with third quarter as our Southern Timberlands teams did an outstanding job of flexing harvest settings in response to weather conditions. Although overall market conditions were stable, realizations for our Southern logs declined slightly, due to a shift in geographic mix. Silviculture and forestry expenses declined due to cost control initiatives and weather-related constraints. Fourth quarter included earnings of $19 million from disposition of non-strategic timberlands, an increase of $6 million compared with the third quarter. Wood Products, chart six and seven. Wood Products contributed $48 million to fourth quarter earnings before special items compared with $85 million in the third quarter. Special items for the fourth quarter included a pre-tax charge of $8 million for the closure of four distribution centers, as we continue to improve the cost structure of that business. Adjusted EBITDA before special items for the Wood Products segment declined to $75 million in the fourth quarter, as seasonally lower sales volumes and lower operating rates more than offset improved realizations for oriented strand board. In lumber, EBITDA was $22 million lower compared with the third quarter. Average realizations declined 3% and sales volumes fell 9%. Operating rates declined and unit manufacturing cost rose due to increased downtime, primarily for installation of capital projects that will continue to reduce cost within our Southern lumber system. In OSB, EBITDA improved by $13 million, primarily due to a 14% increase in average sales realizations. This improvement was partially offset by a 7% reduction in sales volumes and higher unit manufacturing costs due to planned maintenance downtime. Engineered Wood Products reported fourth quarter EBITDA of $14 million compared with $36 million in the third quarter. Operating rates declined due to downtime for major maintenance, capital projects, and seasonal holiday shutdowns. Sales volumes declined seasonally, and average realizations were lower due to mix. EBITDA for the distribution business declined compared with third quarter due to seasonally lower sales volumes. Cellulose Fibers, charts eight and nine. Cellulose Fibers contributed $64 million to fourth quarter earnings before special items compared with $79 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter results included a non-cash pre-tax charge of $84 million for the asset impairment in our newsprint equity affiliate. Pulp prices remained under pressure during the fourth quarter due to continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Average pulp realizations declined compared with the third quarter, and maintenance expense increased due to additional scheduled maintenance outage dates. Fourth quarter included eight days of scheduled maintenance outages compared with four days in the third quarter. These factors were partially offset by improved sales volumes and strong operating performance. Pulp production rose compared with the third quarter despite the increase in scheduled maintenance outage days and several of our mills set operating records. For example, our Columbus, Mississippi mill operated at nearly 100% reliability in the quarter. I will now turn it over to Patty to discuss our first quarter outlook, and then I'll follow up with some specific comments on operational excellence.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the first quarter is summarized on chart 12. Now, this outlook does not incorporate the merger with Plum Creek. We'll include Plum Creek results after the transaction closes. I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, export demand from Japan is expected to remain strong, and we anticipate a slight improvement in pricing. The strength of the U.S. dollar continues to dampen significant price increases. Sales volumes to Japan are expected to increase more than 5% in the quarter. Our volumes and realizations for log sales to China are anticipated to increase modestly. We anticipate a slight increase in Western domestic sales realizations as lumber prices are expected to improve later in the quarter. Fee harvest in the West is expected to be comparable to the fourth quarter. In the South, sales realizations are expected to decrease slightly due to mix. Sales volumes will be lower as wet weather contributes to the typical seasonal decline in fee harvest. Earnings from non-strategic land sales are anticipated to be roughly $10 million lower than the fourth quarter. Overall, we expect earnings in our Timberlands segment to be comparable to the fourth quarter. In Wood Products, lumber average sales realizations are anticipated to increase in the first quarter compared to the fourth, although prices have not improved thus far. Realizations for our other product lines as well as overall sales volumes are expected to be roughly comparable to last quarter. We expect less downtime from planned maintenance and capital projects compared to the fourth quarter. And as a result, average unit manufacturing cost should decrease. Channel inventories remain low, with customers generally purchasing for immediate needs. As we enter the spring building season, we do expect to see business improve. We anticipate that overall earnings on our Wood Products segment will be higher in the first quarter compared to the fourth and slightly higher than the first quarter of 2015. In Cellulose Fibers, global softwood pulp inventories as of the end of the fourth quarter were at 29 days, down slightly from the 30 days at the end of the third quarter. This is at the high end of balanced inventory levels. We expect that average sales realizations and volumes for our pulp products will weaken during the first quarter due to continued currency headwinds and the normal effect of the Chinese New Year. Our liquid packaging operation will begin its planned maintenance outage this quarter, and as a result, we expect maintenance expense for this segment will increase significantly compared to the fourth quarter, which had fewer overall maintenance days. We anticipate that earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment will be significantly lower than the fourth quarter of 2015 and roughly comparable to the first quarter of last year. Now, I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments, and I'll refer to chart 11 for these discussions. Cash from operations totaled $339 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of $57 million from the third quarter. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $174 million, bringing our total expenditures for the full year to $483 million, well within our earlier guidance of $500 million. Looking ahead to 2016, we expect total expenditures for the full year to be down slightly from 2015, subject to the outcome of the strategic review for Cellulose Fibers and the transaction with Plum Creek. At the end of the quarter, we had cash of just over $1 billion and we do not have any scheduled debt maturities in 2016. Now, I'd like to update you on the status of our retirement benefit plans. The year-end 2015 funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and post-employment retirement plans improved by approximately $400 million compared to year-end 2014. This improvement was primarily the result of the increase in discount rates. We did not make any cash contributions to the U.S. qualified pension plan in 2015 and we don't anticipate any cash contributions for that plan this year. Cash paid for all other pension and other post-employment retirement plans in 2015 was approximately $80 million. We expect spending in 2016 to be approximately $60 million. Chart 14 in the appendix details the pension expense by business for 2015. Total expense in 2015 was approximately $42 million, and in 2016, we expect the total amount will be income of approximately $5 million. So with that, I'll turn the call back to Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Patty. I'd now like to switch gears and provide an update on our operational excellence efforts. Throughout the year, each of our businesses remained relentlessly focused on achieving their respective operational excellence targets. Achieving these targets is not easy. They're designed to stretch a business to deliver a step change and relative performance, and that's exactly what is happening through a lot of really good work by our employees. Chart 13 highlights our OpEx accomplishments for 2015 and our annual target for 2016. The Timberlands business delivered $39 million of operational excellence improvement in 2015, exceeding its target of $20 million to $30 million. These results were primarily driven by cost efficiency in three key areas. First, harvest and haul cost. We're continuing the implementation of centralized dispatch systems to improve the efficiency of logging and trucking contractors and replacing costly cable logging with steep slope technologies. Second, spending on forest roads. We're adjusting the volume of rock relay during road construction and the level of road maintenance to match expected vehicle travel patterns and local weather conditions. Finally, silvicultural cost. Data we have collected on tree stand growth patterns enable us to custom-tailors silviculture prescriptions to apply pruning and hardwood control only to acres where those activities generate an optimal financial return. With total OpEx improvements of $64 million since 2013, the Timberlands business has achieved the $50 million to $70 million improvement goal we established two years ago. However, we are not done. For 2016, we are targeting an additional $20 million to $30 million of OpEx improvements from our existing Timberlands holdings. This does not include the benefit we will get from applying our OpEx efforts to over 6 million acres of Plum Creek lands. The Lumber business achieved $21 million of improvements in 2015, meeting its target of $20 million to $25 million. Primary drivers include improvements in reliability and process efficiency and rigorous cost management as we continue to drive down our cost net of logs. Each mill is focused on maintaining consistent throughput and improving uptime by resolving process and equipment issues that create bottlenecks or stop production. Capital expenditures for the Lumber business increased in 2015 as we invested in low-risk, high-return projects to further improve the cost structure of our mills. These projects include auto graders and continuous dry kilns. We will capture the full benefits from several of these investments in 2016. With cumulative improvements of over $40 million since 2013, the Lumber business is nearing halfway on its journey to $100 million of controllable manufacturing cost reductions. For 2016, the business is targeting OpEx improvement of $15 million to $20 million. Oriented strand board delivered $24 million of OpEx improvement in 2015, exceeding its target of $10 million to $15 million. Results were driven by improving reliability as our mills focused on eliminating sources of downtime and recovering efficiently from outage events; lowering wax and resin costs as we optimize recipes for multiple products; and increasing our mix of higher-margin products such as flooring. With cumulative improvements of $34 million, the OSB business is more than halfway to its $60 million goal. The business is targeting another $15 million to $20 million of OpEx improvements in 2016. For Engineered Wood Products and Distribution, we set specific bottom-line EBITDA improvement target for 2015 as those businesses remain focused on turnaround performance. Engineered Wood Products improved full-year EBITDA by $35 million compared with 2014, significantly exceeding its $15 million to $20 million target. Each mill maintained a rigorous focus on reducing unit manufacturing cost for all products. For example, maintenance team shared best practices across the mill system, increasing reliability and reducing cost. Engineered Wood Products has made a substantial improvement since 2013. Over the past two years, this business has increased annual EBITDA by almost $70 million, proving that it has the ability to perform. Our focus now is continuing to improve relative performance versus the competition. The 2016 goal for this business will not be a bottom line EBITDA target, but an OpEx improvement target of $10 million to $15 million. Distribution improved full-year EBITDA by $8 million in 2015. The business fell short of its $20 million to $30 million improvement target as it was unable to overcome between effect of severe winter weather early in the year and lower than expected demand in the first half of 2015. 2015 OpEx improvements were largely attributable to improved product margins and reductions in head count, warehouse and delivery expenses. Improvements made to the Distribution cost structure during 2015 have created a stronger foundation for better operating performance next year. In 2016, the distribution business is targeting bottom line EBITDA improvement of $15 million to $20 million. Cellulose Fibers. Cellulose Fibers delivered operational excellence improvements of $47 million, significantly exceeding its $30 million to $35 million target. Improvements were primarily attributable to lower energy costs, driven by our new turbine generator at our Flint River mill and a boiler conversion at Columbus and reduced usage of key chemicals as several mills-adjusted processes are tied to their digesters and bleach plants. During 2016, Cellulose Fibers is targeting improvements of $40 million to $50 million. With OpEx improvements of $75 million to-date, this would enable the business to exceed the $100 million goal established in 2013. I'll also mention the reduction in our SG&A. Part of our commitment to operational excellence is having the right cost structure across our company. Two years ago, we committed to reduce SG&A about $75 million and achieve that run rate by the end of 2014. Last year, we told you we had delivered on that commitment, and you can see our performance in this year's results. Compared with 2013, we have reduced our SG&A by over $100 million. Success in achieving our OpEx target was a critical component of Weyerhaeuser's 2015 financial performance, enabling us to offset pricing headwinds in many of our markets. In Timberlands, weaker year-over-year pricing for Western logs created a headwind of over $100 million. By exceeding its operational excellence target, the Timberlands business was able to overcome nearly half of that deficit. Lower year-over-year realizations of 11% for lumber and 9% for OSB created a headwind of over $250 million for Wood Products earnings. However, the segment captured nearly $100 million of operational excellence improvement, significantly mitigating the effect of these lower prices and earnings for Wood Products declined less than $70 million on a year-over-year basis. Cellulose Fibers made the headwind of over $100 million from declining pulp prices, higher fiber cost, and the effects of the West Coast port slowdown. The business offset nearly half of this amount through its OpEx efforts. Looking forward to 2016, our relentless focus on operational excellence remains a key component of our commitment to improve our relative performance and drive value for shareholders. I will close this morning with some brief comments on our merger with Plum Creek and the strategic review of our Cellulose Fibers business. The joint proxy and registration statement associated with our announced merger with Plum Creek was declared effective by the SEC on December 28. Both ISS and Glass Lewis have recommended that shareholders vote in favor of the proposals. The shareholder vote will be held on February 12 and we anticipate closing the merger in the first quarter. Our joint integration team is making excellent progress as we define staffing needs, establish plan for cost synergy, and position the merged company for a smooth and successful day one. The review of Cellulose Fibers is proceeding well and we look forward to sharing more information with you when that review is complete. As we enter 2016, I'm excited about the opportunities in front of us. Although the first few weeks of the year have been characterized by market turbulence and global macroeconomic concerns, I am encouraged by the positive trend in U.S. housing and the optimistic tone we are hearing from our customers. Our portfolio changes and operational improvements are positioning Weyerhaeuser to drive long-term value for shareholders. We will remain relentlessly focused on operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation, and I look forward to sharing our continued progress with you. And now, I'd like to open up the phone for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): In Cellulose Fibers, your average prices were down, I think, around 10% year-over-year, which is maybe a little bit sharper than the list price decline. Can you remind us, was there any mix issues there or kind of what was driving the price decline? It seemed a little bit sharper than what we might have expected? And then, just related to Cellulose Fibers, you're targeting an acceleration of OpEx improvements in 2016, and I'm just wondering if you could give a little color on what's driving that kind of year-over-year.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me start. I'll address your second question with OpEx and then, I'll ask Patty to address your first question. And what I would tell you on OpEx is we're gaining a lot of traction across our businesses and specifically in Cellulose Fibers. What we found there through Cathy Slater's leadership is an abundance of ideas that are percolating up from a bottoms-up approach in terms of continuing to drive down our overall cost structure. The encouraging thing about OpEx overall, Anthony, that we've seen is, it started off as a top-down effort. But as we defined winning, defined exactly what we mean by OpEx and people are incented to drive OpEx, we are having just more and more ideas bubble up in terms of the opportunities, and Cathy has a full slate of those outlined and proved in 2015 the ability to execute on those, and more to come in 2016. So, it's across the board, lower energy, lower chemicals, better reliability, all the safety blocking and tackling of running a Cellulose Fibers business.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Anthony. This is Patty. Your question on Cellulose Fibers, was it fourth quarter of 2014 to fourth quarter of 2015 in terms of...
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Yeah. Year-over-year.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. It really isn't anything significant as it relates to anything out of the ordinary. As you know, we do have a different mix in terms of both our product within our fluff mill, as well as our NBSK mill in Grande Prairie. But I wouldn't say there's anything out of the ordinary or strange about the pricing itself. It's just that the mix can change.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then just shifting to Wood Products, can you share your operating rates across the three businesses? And I'm sorry if I missed this, but with OSB, can you just repeat kind of the trajectory of pricing that you're expecting into the first quarter?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Anthony. So in terms of operating rates, in the fourth quarter, Lumber was in the high-80s, OSB was in the low-90s, and ELP was in the low-70s. In terms of pricing for OSB, if you look at its current or first quarter to-date, average to-date is down about $7 versus the fourth quarter in terms of the OSB pricing.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. Congratulations on the year. Doyle, if we can talk about operational excellence first. So you're two years into the program, you're more than achieving your goals. I'd have to imagine that you're getting to the proverbial fruit that's maybe hanging higher on the tree. So do you need to have a larger funnel to get to the goals in a year like 2015 relative to what would have been the case in – excuse me, 2016 relative to 2015 or 2014? And then the related question, ultimately, running a business is a lot easier than running numbers on a spreadsheet if you're an analyst. But what's been so difficult about getting the OE benefits to the bottom line and distribution?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Yeah, thanks for the question, George. On OpEx, I think you said it exactly right. It does get more difficult as you move forward. But as I said in response to the earlier question, what I'm really encouraged about and why we're confident we're going to – be able to continue to deliver on OpEx targets is because it has become part of who we are. It is being done much more from a bottoms-up approach, George. So whereas previously, you would think that we're identified at the top and kind of driven down and now more and more of these ideas. To your point, it's a larger funnel. More and more of our ideas are coming from our employee base, which they are the ones out there doing the hard work every day. When they understand what the opportunities are, recognize that they are empowered to go do something at those, and then send them (31:33) to do that, it's amazing what can happen. So, you're right, it is a different approach, but very encouraged by the progress. And most importantly, it's becoming part of our culture and that's why we're year-after-year, we believe, we're going to be able to continue to drive operational excellence as we move forward. In terms of distribution, George, it's been – while we have made – and I think it's important to highlight, we have made an improvements there. And if you look at it, we've made $40 million plus improvements over the last two years in bottom line distribution EBITDA, but we're still not where we need to be to your point. This year, I hate using weather, but weather did have an impact in the first half of the year, slower than the expected demand, and then the fact that we had kind of eroding commodity prices throughout the year limited the ability to leverage the margin improvements. As we said, we made some significant changes to the cost structure by closing four sites to reduce the footprint, the cost structure and really focus on our growth markets going forward. And I'll tell you, with those changes, we are confident that we're going to be able to continue to improve our distribution business. But still a lot of work to do there and still have work to do, frankly, to prove that we deserve to be in this business long term. With good progress and again with the structural changes we made in the fourth quarter, optimistic about that business going forward.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And my last question and I'll turn it over, two-part, unrelated, I guess that's two questions. First of all, what kind of pricing are you expecting on average for wood sequentially versus fourth quarter to hit your guidance? And then in SG&A, you've more than achieved your target. Should we assume that SG&A is now flat on a going-forward basis? Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, George. In terms of pricing, as Patty outlined, we anticipate prices will in fact be higher in Lumber in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. However, that's still in front of us. If you look at it currently, quarter-to-date, prices for Lumber are down approximately $7 versus the fourth quarter average. Encouraging, prices were up $4 or $5 this week. So, we'll see where it plays out. But normally, you start to see an inflection point in Lumber prices mid to late-February as the spring – as building season kicks in. And we would hope to see the same type of price inflection or improvement in OSB as we move through the quarter as well. And that's what's baked into – generally baked into our guidance for the first quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, George. As you think about Wood Products, the primary price increase quarter-over-quarter that we have baked into our guidance is in Lumber and I would say we're looking for something low-single digits in Lumber. And OSB and Engineered Wood, combinations of those two, probably the results would – in our guidance would be roughly flat from a pricing perspective. But as Doyle has said, thus far for January, one month does not a quarter make, but we are down from the guidance that we have baked into the quarter.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And in terms of SG&A, George, we're always looking to drive down our SG&A costs and as we complete the merger with Plum Creek, as we already identified, there will be at least $100 million of hard dollar cost synergies. Most of that will be SG&A they did and then of course operational synergies on top of that. So like I said, we're never done on SG&A and the focus after the closure of the merger will quickly turn to the – to hard dollar cost synergies that we outlined when we announced that merger.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Patty.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Collin.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First question. I just wanted to follow up on George's question. Just as it relates to closing the four distribution centers, can you quantify how much of a lift and run rate as far as EBITDA within the distribution business? How much that specifically will provide a lift in 2016?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, as we said, we did close four sites. These were markets with limited growth potential and high cost. And we think, as a result of that, we've laid out our OpEx target for 2016, and we are confident with these changes, Collin, that we will meet these specific targets that we laid out for 2016 in terms of bottom line EBITDA improvement of $15 million to $20 million in that business.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. I'll just – is there any way to think about how much of a drag maybe those facilities were in 2015 or you don't really break it out that way?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't really break it out that way, Collin. I'll just tell you, it does significantly improve our cost structure. It gets us focused on the markets that we need to be focused on. And I think it's going to be a big benefit as we move in to 2016.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Then, moving to Timberlands, just maybe as we enter the year here, just update us on your latest thinking as it relates to the potential improvement in sawlog prices in the U.S. South this year? What are you thinking about for 2016 and then, just more broadly (37:09) continue to extend, just how you're thinking about the price recovery in the South?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, if you think about Southern log prices, Collin, our prices were up a couple of percent in 2015 versus 2014, and we would anticipate a similar increase in 2016 versus 2015. From a broader picture, if U.S. housing starts continue to improve, demand for lumber will rise. And we expect the tension and rising prices across the Southern log markets, we are confident that's going to continue to pay out. And frankly, the additional mills, whether it be the Canadians coming down and investing in mills and increasing the productivity of those mills or Klausner adding the three mills that they're adding, that's all positive from a demand standpoint for Southern sawlogs as well. So we are – we remain confident that we're going to reach that inflection point and see Southern sawlog prices begin to rise on a more aggressive basis than the 2% that we've seen over the last couple of years.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then switching gears and recognizing there are some limitations, I recognize what you can say is related to disclosure. But I do want to touch on the financial projections in the proxies internally within Weyerhaeuser. I was curious if you could provide any color on the kind of a drop in expected EBITDA and expected FAD reference between 2016 and 2017 on really Weyerhaeuser on a standalone basis. Any additional color you can provide on that?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, I don't think there's anything additional that we can say about that at this point.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. All right. I'll turn it over. Thanks, guys.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Hi. Good morning, Patty and Doyle. First question is on the – thanks. As you think about the analysis with the Cellulose division, I understand since most of its legacy proctor (39:22) properties bought 25 years ago, the basis is low. And I guess the way we need – would help me to think about this, obviously, if you do a spin, you would avoid some capital gain tax, I believe. But on the other hand, if you do the spin, there's a lot of cost, I guess, in terms of setting up a public company that you would not have to incur if you're just doing a direct sale of the assets. And I guess can you give me some feel for the trade-off of that? I mean, can you actually put a rough dollar cost of pursuing a spin versus just a sale?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Chip, this is Patty. I think as we think about Cellulose Fibers strategic review, we're looking at all of those alternatives and evaluating them. I couldn't put any dollars on them at this point. You are correct in that the tax basis for Cellulose Fibers is low. And so, we would have on a cash sale a tax, a gain, but we would have to compare that to what we would get in terms of a spin and both in terms of time as well as cost of setting up a separate company. But as we have done with all of our other strategic reviews over the course of time, we are looking at a broad range of options at this point.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And when you look at the distribution business, I know that it's really nice to see how every business has hit their targets, obviously, Doyle, the last couple of three years except for that one. And I didn't know if you were – just sort of give us an update on your thinking in terms of sort of how much more of time do they have before you might consider strategic review of that business. And then maybe just more broadly, is your thinking toward all the Wood Products segment, all the manufacturing, has that changed at all in light of the Plum Creek deal in terms of would this be an area that you – in other words, do you want to be a pure Timber play and maybe it's not as strategic?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, Chip, let me – since it's Super Bowl weekend, let me use a football analogy on distribution.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. But you guys aren't in it?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I guess (41:45)...
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Sorry.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ... rough around the air (41:45).
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Don't remind us, Chip.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Everybody's walking around with a frown on their face. But in terms of distribution, Chip, I would tell you, as I mentioned earlier, we have made improvements in that business. I think the business has earned the right to continue to be on the field at this point, but has not earned a spot on the roster. So, like I said earlier, still more to do, encouraged by the progress. Like I said, we made some significant changes in the fourth quarter of 2015 and we're confident that that's going to help us accelerate progress in distribution going forward, so more work to do. In terms of Wood Products overall, Chip, as you've heard us say and me say historically, we believe that this can be a very good business and create a lot of value for shareholders over a cycle, assuming that you run it effectively and get the cost structure to where it needs to be, where you're back at the bottom and that you're fully capitalizing on the upturn in housing that we still have in front of us. We're encouraged by the progress we've made on the overall cost structure and our OpEx improvements and still more to come, and like I said, very well positioned to continue to capitalize on the improvement in housing as we move forward.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Two things. The rating agencies have said that given the terms of the deal, they'd probably downgrade Weyerhaeuser. Since you've said you want to remain acquisitive, would it make sense to scale back or slow down the buybacks to keep the agencies happy? And the second question is maybe a little more theoretical, WestRock has said publicly, it wants to get out of its land deals faster. Would that be something that might fit with your priorities? You've talked about wanting to expand, but is cleaning up those JVs something that might be attractive to you?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, let me talk about the acquisitive part and I'll turn it over to Patty to talk about the rating agency. Mark, we have said that we would like to grow the company. We said that our primary opportunities were in Timberlands and thus, the Plum Creek transaction. I'll tell you, in the near term, our focus and maybe our singular focus is going to be on fully integrating Plum Creek and making sure we fully realize the synergy and the value of that transaction. So, in the near term, that's going to be our primary focus and our plate's full on that. Longer term as we integrate that and get the full benefit, continuing to grow the company assuming we can find the right opportunities is something we would consider, but right now, our focus is on Plum Creek and the integration thereof.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And Mark, as to your question about the rating agencies, S&P did write that based upon their understanding of what the leverage would look like after we close the transaction in order to repurchase the shares, as we've talked about that, the leverage will be certainly higher than where we have historically been. And so, based upon their understanding, at this point, they would expect that they would downgrade us from BBB to BBB minus, so still investment grade. We are focused on bringing that leverage down as we go forward. We are still committed to the $2.5 billion of share repurchase, but certainly mindful that we'll need to bring the leverage down going forward and we think we'll have good opportunities to do that, both with respect to the broader portfolio of 13 million acres of timberland as well as depending upon the outcome of the strategic review of Cellulose Fibers.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Super. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Patty.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Mark.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): The whole Weyerhaeuser team has done an impressive job over the last couple of years. I had a few questions. One, Doyle, can you just clarify for us on the review of Cellulose, especially, does that include things like the NORPAC joint venture and the bleached board mill at Longview?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So first, let me say thank you for those comments, Mark. And then secondly, yes, the strategic review of Cellulose Fibers includes all of the businesses in Cellulose Fibers.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then to kind of follow on, on Mark's question about the rating agency, I mean there are some other things that you could look at divesting like the business down in Uruguay, which is still not generating a lot of cash. Any thoughts on that, Doyle?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As we've said, as part of the integration process, we'll do a thorough analysis of all 13-plus million acres with 13-plus million acres and the fact, Mark, and I think this is an important one to highlight, with the recent tax extender package, reducing the build-in gains period permanently to five years, we no longer have that constraint. So, 13 million acres with – plus no longer being under the built-in gains tax. We have lots of flexibility in terms of what we could do going forward.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Now, last question I had is to kind of come back to something Collin Mings raised and that is you've got a lot of capital tied up in Southern timberland and you're going to commit a lot more capital here pretty quickly to Southern timberland. But if we look at the cash returns on Southern Timber, they've been pretty anemic for about a decade now. What gives you the confidence that these returns are going to improve significantly over the next few years, and what do you think that trajectory looks like?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Mark, what gives me confidence and gives us confidence is basically supply and demand. And as you know, ultimately that works. And if you just look at it from a housing continuing to improve and housing has improved, it's been slow but steady. So, I think that's going to be what's going to happen on the demand front. And on the supply front, if housing continues to improve, the supply is not going to come from the Pacific Northwest, the supply is not going to come from Canada. Yeah, we see a little influx now because of exchange rates in China, but ultimately, they, being Canada are limited because of the pine beetle situation as to what they're going to be able to provide. So, supply and demand works. We're going to reach that inflection point. And when we do, that's when we're going to see a significant change in Southern sawlog prices. So, yeah, it comes slower than any of us would have expected or hoped, but if you just look at the basic supply and demand, we remain confident that we will in fact see improved prices for Southern sawlog just like we have historically.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And, Doyle, just to follow on this, we all, I think, buy into supply and demand. But on the supply side, it seems like for many years here because of the weakness in housing, we've really been under-harvesting the growth rates down in the South. So we've got some accumulated inventory, and I just wonder how that accumulated inventory affects the rebound in pricing.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Mark, that's a really good point and there's no doubt that there is some accumulated inventory as housing has improved over the last couple of years, we have started to work through some of that accumulated inventory, but there's still some out there. So that's why I'll say there's still a little bit of time, if housing continues, to improve to work through accumulated inventory. But once we do that, you can hit that inflection point of supply and demand, and that's where you start to see the significant increase in pricing.
Mark William Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I'll turn it over. Good luck in 2016, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. First, a numbers-oriented question. Just on the Cellulose Fibers business, can you provide us with at least preliminary estimates on the maintenance expense and scheduled maintenance outage days for the – for 2016 by quarter if possible? Is that something you have handy?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, we can't give it to you by quarter, Mark. I can tell you that as you think about fourth quarter to first quarter and the guidance that there's about roughly $10 million of additional maintenance expense in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then maybe just as a follow-on to that, the $40 million to $50 million of OpEx improvement in Cellulose Fibers, does much or any of that come from being able to effectively reduce maintenance outage expenses? So will we see it in not variable year-to-year?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That is not a key driver of the OpEx improvement that we laid out, Mark. There is, of course, some benefit as we go into the 18-month schedule, but that's not the big driver of what we saw in 2015 versus 2014 nor we'll see in 2016 versus 2015.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then, maybe lastly, kind of following on Mark Wilde's question a little bit. One of the components of the bullish lumber, as well as log story has been the expected reduction in supply coming from British Columbia related to the beetle, et cetera. It doesn't seem to have happened yet and lots of reasons maybe that (51:48). Are you still of that view that we will see a reduction and any color you can provide on how that might play into the market?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, Mark. We are absolutely confident that that's going to happen and all you have to do is spend some time in that area and see the devastation that the pine beetle has, in fact, caused. You're starting to see some announcement as you know of some lumber mill closures because of that. I think what's happened is, part of that has just been distorted by the fact that there's been less demand from China. So, some of the impact from lumber that would normally would get on to China has come to the U.S. and that has temporarily offset the pine beetle situation. But if you just look at what the allowable cuts are, if you look at just the overall fiber situation in Canada, we are confident that the pine beetle scenario is going to play out.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Your final question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Thanks very much. Just looking at your overall volumes in both Timber, well I guess, Timber, Lumber and OSB. What are you planning for 2016? I noticed 2015 Timber volumes were down but you had gains in Lumber and OSB. Just wondering at a higher level what the plan is.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, we would say unit for 2016 in terms of sawlogs overall, we would then anticipate volumes from being flat to maybe down just very slightly. In terms of Lumber and OSB, part of that of course will be dependent on markets. But as we continue to improve our reliability, we would think Lumber and OSB volumes will be up slightly in 2016 versus 2015.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And just a follow-up, just a flat to down on the log side, is that related to not so robust markets or is that because you're logging at a sustainable level?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's more related to the fact that we're logging at sustainable levels. As we said, we have the ability in any given year to flex 5% or maybe a little more depending on markets. So we'll see how that plays out and that will ultimately determine what the harvest levels are. But basically, we are harvesting at sustainable levels.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Great. That's where I'll put the vote.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I'd like to turn the call back over to Doyle for any final remarks.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you and thank you for everybody's interest today. Before I – or in closing today, I want to say some words about Patty as this will be her last earnings call on behalf of Weyerhaeuser as she will retire later this year. Specifically, I want to acknowledge her outstanding work as the CFO since 2007 and personally thank her for partnering with me over the last couple of years as we've taken significant steps to make Weyerhaeuser a truly great company. Thank you, Patty, for all you've done for Weyerhaeuser.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, Doyle, let me, just before you close the call, interject one additional thank you to the analyst community on the call. We are very fortunate as a company to have a whole host of very knowledgeable people, and I've enjoyed the dialogue over the years. And as I do retire from Weyerhaeuser now, I feel very confident in the management team going forward, really pleased with the progress that we've made on portfolio performance and capital allocation, and couldn't be more pleased with my successor, once we close this transaction, Russell Hagan. I think that as we go forward, since I will continue to be a significant shareholder, I think that we have a lot of additional capabilities and levers to pull to create ongoing value for shareholders. So, Doyle, thanks to you and thanks to the whole senior management team and employees of Weyerhaeuser.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Patty, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Denise M. Merle - Senior Vice President-Human Resources & Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co. Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co. Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Denise Merle, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Denise M. Merle - Senior Vice President-Human Resources & Investor Relations: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2015 earnings. On the call with me this morning are Doyle Simons, CEO; Patty Bedient, CFO; and Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in earnings material on our website. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Denise, and welcome, everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter net earnings of $180 million, or $0.35 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. I'm very pleased with our third quarter performance as each of our businesses capitalized on operational excellence improvements to deliver strong results despite some market and global macroeconomic headwinds. In addition, we continued to deliver on our commitment to return cash to shareholders. We have completed the $700 million share repurchase program authorized in 2014. In August, our board supplemented this program with an additional $500 million share repurchase authorization and also increased our quarterly dividend by 7% to $0.31 per share. This illustrates our confidence in our ability to continue to execute our operational excellence initiatives and capitalize on market improvements going forward. I'll begin the discussion of our business results with some brief comments about the housing market. The U.S. housing market continued to advance in the third quarter following choppy activity in the first half of the year. Total housing starts as of September, has improved 18% compared with 2014, and single-family starts are up 12%. We continue to anticipate just over 1.1 million starts for 2015. Our customers tell us they expect strong year-in activity for as long as weather conditions remain favorable. With rising employment, strong consumer confidence, historically low mortgage rates and builder sentiment reaching all-time highs, we continue to anticipate steady improvement in the U.S. housing market. Let me now turn to our business segments, starting with Timberlands, charts two to four. Timberlands contributed $126 million to third quarter earnings, comparable to the second quarter. Strong cost controls and operational excellence initiatives offset the effect of reduced Western fee harvest volumes and lower average sales realizations for Western logs. As expected, Western fee harvest volumes declined by 5% compared with the second quarter due to buyer season logging constraints. This year's buyer season was exceptionally severe due to record breaking temperatures and unusually low rainfall. Our employees did an exceptional job of protecting our Timberlands and flexing harvest settings to adjust the changing logging constraints and market conditions. Our tree farms experienced virtually no fire damage with only about 150 of our 7 million acres affected, less than 100 of 1%. Average realizations for Western domestic logs improved slightly in the third quarter as fire season restrictions resulted in tighter log supplies, especially in Southern Oregon and we benefited from an improved mix. Turning to the export markets, Japanese demand remained strong and pricing for our Japanese logs was up slightly in the quarter. After peaking in August, log inventories at Chinese ports have declined as supply has fallen in response to lower pricing. However, Chinese demand in pricing remained challenging due to continued slow construction activity and we flexed volume into more profitable domestic markets. Overall, average realizations for our Western logs declined compared with the second quarter, primarily due to the higher proportion of domestic log sales. In the South, fee harvest volume increased and average log sales realizations improved slightly. Third quarter included earnings of $13 million from disposition of non-strategic timberlands, an increase of $8 million compared with the second quarter. Operational excellence initiatives contributed to Timberlands' third quarter results as efforts to optimize harvest settings and road and silviculture expenditures resulted in continued cost improvements. The business remained on track to meet or exceed its OpEx target for 2015. Wood Products, charts five and six. Wood Products contributed $85 million to third quarter earnings, an improvement of $14 million compared with the second quarter. EBITDA increased to $111 million as improved sales volumes and lower operating costs enabled the business to overcome the drag of lower average lumber realization. In Lumber, EBITDA declined $4 million compared with the second quarter. A 3% decrease in average sales realizations was mostly offset by seasonally higher sales volumes and improvements in logs and other costs. In OSB, EBITDA improved by $12 million, due to a 2% increase in average sales realizations and reduced manufacturing and log cost. Engineered Wood Products reported third quarter EBITDA of $36 million, compared with $38 million in the second quarter. Slightly improved sales volumes and realizations for several products were offset by higher manufacturing cost due to planned maintenance downtime. EBITDA for the distribution business increased by $7 million compared with the second quarter due to improved sales volumes and lower overhead cost. Our Wood Products business remains relentlessly focused on operational excellence. Lumber and OSB are on track to achieve their 2015 targets. Engineered Wood Products is tracking significantly above its EBITDA improvement target. Year-to-date, the business has generated EBITDA of $100 million, a $35 million improvement compared with a target of $15 million to $20 million. We made significant progress in our distribution toward our OpEx target in the third quarter as EBITDA improved to $9 million and we expect continued progress in the fourth quarter. At this point, however, we're unlikely to reach our full $20 million target for the year. With that said, I'm encouraged by our level of improvement in the third quarter and this business is highly focused on continuing to improve bottom line performance going forward. Cellulose Fibers, charts seven and chart eight. Cellulose Fibers contributed $79 million to third quarter earnings, compared with $27 million in the second quarter. Pulp market softened in the third quarter due to rising global inventories and the continuing challenge of a strong U.S. dollar. Average pulp realizations declined slightly compared with second quarter. Earnings for this segment increased significantly as maintenance expense declined and pulp production improved due to fewer scheduled maintenance outage days. The third quarter included only four days of scheduled maintenance outages, compared with a 46-day extended outage completed in the second quarter. The Cellulose Fibers business continues to make good progress on operational excellence initiatives as well. Third quarter results benefited from initiatives to reduce energy costs, and chemical costs, and usage. Cellulose Fibers business remained on track to achieve its 2015 operational excellence target. I will now turn it over to Patty, to discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the fourth quarter is summarized on chart 12, and I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, export log volumes to Japan is expected to increase during the fourth quarter as a result of an active Japanese housing market, and we anticipate a slight improvement in prices. Although construction activity in China is still slow, inventories at Chinese ports started to decline during Q3 and are expected to decrease further this quarter. As a result, we see fourth quarter prices stabilizing. Average sales realizations and volumes for Western domestic logs are expected to be comparable to Q3. Fee timber harvest in the West is anticipated to increase slightly, as fire-related logging constraints have been lifted. In the South, fee harvest volume is expected to be in line with the third quarter and we anticipate roughly similar average sales realizations. Silviculture and logging costs will likely increase seasonally. Overall, fourth quarter earnings in our Timberlands segment are expected to be comparable to Q3. In our Wood Products segment, the fourth quarter is typically the seasonally weakest quarter of the year. Because of the seasonal slowdown, we expect lower sales volumes. Although we have seen an increase in lumber prices thus far in the fourth quarter, average sales realizations for Q4 are expected to be lower than the average of Q3. We expect higher average sales realizations for oriented strand board in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, and we anticipate that Engineered Wood Products' average sales realizations will be relatively flat. Production volumes in the fourth quarter are expected to decline, due to the holiday season and scheduled downtime to complete maintenance and capital projects. This downtime will result in higher per-unit manufacturing costs. Consistent with the normal seasonal patterns, we expect fourth quarter earnings in our Wood Products segment to be lower than the third quarter and slightly lower than the earnings of Q4 of last year, which had much higher pricing. Our Cellulose Fibers business is continuing to experience currency headwinds due to the strong U.S. dollar. Worldwide inventories for softwood pulp stood at 30 days at the end of the third quarter. Typically, industry supply increases during the fourth quarter as there is seasonally not as much maintenance downtime in the colder winter months. As a result, we expect weaker average sales realizations for pulp in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Our final planned maintenance outage for this year was completed earlier this month. The mill is back up and running well. Due to this outage, we will have more planned maintenance phase this quarter, as a result expect that overall maintenance expense will be approximately $10 million higher than Q3. In addition, we expect seasonally higher fiber costs. We anticipate that overall earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment will be approximately $20 million to $25 million lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Chart nine summarizes the results of unallocated items. Unallocated items moved from a positive earnings impact of $20 million in Q2 to a negative $27 million in Q3. The largest change was the result of a non-cash charge for the weakening of the Canadian dollar. As we've said in the past, every $0.01 change in the exchange rate is roughly $3 million to $4 million on a pre-tax basis. The other large variance was a lower positive effect for the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. Now, I'll wrap with some overall financial comments. Income taxes for the quarter resulted in a tax benefit of $16 million. This was due to a true-up of the effective tax rate for the year, which is now estimated to be lower based on the higher mix of REIT income relative to the taxable REIT subsidiary. In addition, there were discrete items booked in the quarter of approximately $9 million; the largest item being a positive resolution of uncertain tax positions. Now, I'll refer you to chart 10. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was $282 million, or a reduction of $84 million compared to Q2. The change was primarily the result of a large working capital reduction in Q2 and normal timing of interest payments. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $112 million, bringing our total expenditures for the first three quarters of the year to just over $300 million. We still anticipate total expenditures for the year to approximate $500 million. There was no change to our scheduled debt maturities and, as you can see from the chart, the first maturity isn't until 2017. Chart 11 details our share repurchase activity, and we have now completed our $700 million 2014 share repurchase authorization. And as mentioned earlier, in August, the board authorized an additional share repurchase program for $500 million. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Patty. We are encouraged by the positive trend in housing and the optimistic tone we are hearing from our customers. Going forward, we remain relentlessly focused on operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. By relentlessly driving operational excellence in each of our businesses, we are laying a foundation that enables us to take full advantage of market opportunities. Our recently announced dividend increase and share repurchase program illustrate our confidence that we will continue to grow shareholder value by capitalizing on these activities going forward. And with that, we'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Maybe a little bit of a detail question, but on the tax rate, well, maybe the easiest way to ask, what type of tax rate should we be anticipating for the fourth quarter? Kind of looks like you're 5% to 10% even after making all the adjustments for the first three quarters. Is that what we should expect for the fourth quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Mark, that's our outlook for the full year and, of course, the fourth quarter will be the last one. As you mentioned, we had a number of things in the third quarter just to true up the rate for the full year, but we'll be over 5% for the fourth quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, great. And also, maybe a little bit of help, if we look at lumber pricing, which has started to move quite positively of late, one could certainly see scenarios where at least the random length average would be higher in the fourth quarter than it would be in the third quarter. Maybe a little bit more color of – your comments on why you'd expect it to be lower, recognizing maybe you sell more in October and things like that, but if you could give us a little bit of help in understanding how to think through fourth quarter lumber realization, that would be great.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. And Mark, we agree with you. There is a scenario where lumber prices could in fact be higher in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. But let me kind of give you the facts of where we are currently. If you take fourth quarter-to-date average, it's still about $15 below the third quarter average. Now if you take current prices today for lumber, it's basically in line with the third quarter average. So to your point, it's all dependent on what happens from this point going forward. We may be being conservative in terms of what we're assuming for lumber prices, but we all know that, as Patty mentioned, the fourth quarter is typically a slower seasonal period and we'll just have to see what happens in the month of November and December. So that's the way we see it at this point and we'll just watch together because our – it's nothing but a guess as to what we think's going to happen in the fourth quarter and we'll just have to see how it plays out as we move through the next couple of months.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Understood and totally fair enough. And just any color though in terms of why you think lumber has come back as nicely as it has in the last several weeks?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I think there's a number of things that have played into that. I think what we understand in talking to our customers and buyers, I think there were very, very low inventories in the system, partially waiting to see what happens when the Softwood Lumber Agreement expired. When that did happen, there was not a lot of lumber that came on. So I think part of it has been a building back of inventories in light of that. I think there have been some slight improvements in the Chinese markets. And our take is, as long as the weather holds, as I said in my comments, we're hearing very positive commentary from our customers in terms of demand in building season. So that's I think what's happened to drive the lumber prices up over the past few weeks.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): A number of producers seem to have adjusted their production schedules in 3Q given weaker Wood Products prices. I was wondering what your operating rates were in the quarter across lumber, OSB, and Engineered Wood Products? And if you took any kind of market downtime or cut shifts in 3Q or expect anything like that in 4Q?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, in terms of operating rates, lumber was right at 90%, OSB mid-90%s and ELP in the mid-70%s in terms of operating rates. And I'll let Patty, because she alluded to it in her comments, talk about the fourth quarter and some of the maintenance downtime we have planned for the fourth quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. As you think about the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter is typically when we do our maintenance as well as install capital projects and most of that will happen in the Wood Products business. And it's really across the board. As you think about OSB, for example, we're installing some – not huge capital but we will take advantage of putting in things across the system. ELP will have some as well, lumber has some capital projects and also we have holiday downtime that happens in the fourth quarter. So if I think – as we think about our operating rates for OSB, in particular, I think as Doyle said we were in the mid-90s for the third quarter, we would expect below 90% for the fourth quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just switching to the dividend, I mean, historically, you've targeted 75% of FAD over the cycle. And this year, you raised the dividend while your earnings should be down year-over-year, maybe double digits on a percentage basis. I'm just wondering if you could talk about dividend coverage and prospects for continued dividend growth and maybe the confidence that you have going into 2016 that you're going to see earnings growth next year, given we've got a strong dollar and some of these headwinds in Asia that you called out earlier as well?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Anthony, as you alluded to, our guideline, and it is a guideline is 75% of FAD over the cycle. I think the "over the cycle" is an important component. To your point, we feel like we are still early in the housing recovery cycle and as mentioned in my comments, we're optimistic that housing will continue to recover and will be 1% to 1.25% in 2016. As a result of that, we think we have a lot of opportunity to continue to grow earnings and cash flow going forward and are confident that we will continue to do that as housing continues to improve going forward.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And just in terms of next year, is your view not only that you're going to see a volume recovery with starts going higher, but that will be a accompanied by price recovery as well or price improvement year-over-year in 2016?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Pricing, as we all know, is difficult to predict. But following up on the conversation we had earlier on lumber, we are encouraged that lumber prices are improving in a slower seasonal period. And our take is, as we move into the strong building season next year, again, assuming housing's at the 1.2% to 1.25% range, we think that will be very constructive for Wood Products, and frankly Timberland prices moving into 2016.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Langton with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I think just with the domestic West Coast prices, I think, Patty, you mentioned that the fires were a little bit beneficial for prices this quarter. Could you quantify that a little bit? I don't know, is there any risk that with the fire season going away, that prices could slip a little bit this quarter, or do you think they should be sort of pretty stable?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Tyler, we did talk about the fact that we expected to have a little more fee harvest volume in the West, but it's not a huge amount, and even in the third quarter, we didn't see as much benefit from the fire restriction as probably many expected, because of the fact that many of the mills had already, seeing the fact that the fire season was going to be so severe, had done some additional things as far as their own log supply. So, I don't see a huge risk related to that but the increase that I mentioned in our fee timber harvest in the West is not a huge increase. I don't think it will have that significant of an impact.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great, thanks. And then just, switching to Wood Products. Could you quantify, and I think you said the lower earnings in the fourth quarter was coming from sort of lower sale volumes, reduced operating rates and some of the maintenance in OSB. Could you kind of roughly break out how much each of one of those would contribute to the decline?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: In terms of the overall impact, I would say that there, the biggest impact of third Q compared to fourth quarter really does come from sales volumes. As we talked about, seasonally, the fourth quarter is a lower quarter for volume, and that's really a statement across most of our product lines, lumber, OSB and ELP. And certainly in distribution as well, we were very pleased with the improvement in distribution for the third quarter, but they will likely be impacted as well from the seasonal volume fall off. Now, having said all that, as Doyle talked about, we are pleased to see that prices in lumber especially and OSB have been coming up in the quarter. Its pricing can be very volatile, and we'll just have to see how it all plays out. But I would say across the board, the biggest negative compared to the third quarter is in sales volume. And actually, we're very pleased, when you think about quarter-over-quarter, last year in the fourth quarter, we had much better pricing than what we're anticipating for this fourth quarter, and earnings are roughly – maybe a little lower or could be even comparable depending upon where prices are. So I think you start to see the impact of our operational excellence initiative kicking into that.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And just final question with the distribution, you mentioned a nice increase in earnings. Can you just provide a little bit more detail about sort of what drove that, and sort of how sustainable it is going forward?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, what I would tell you is that it's – what we've been working on is the basic blocking and tackling of running a distribution. It's making sure we have the right warehouse and cost in places, making sure we're growing profitable sales. So, as Patty said, we were very encouraged by the progress we made in the third quarter, but more work to do. But we are pleased that we – on the trajectory that we saw in the third quarter and the changes that we're making in that business to position it for success in the future. So, progress, more work to do, but are confident in the plan that we have in place will get us to where we need to be in that business.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Gail.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Well, can you just offer some broader perspective on the Softwood Lumber Agreement? I guess, we obviously haven't seen much impact in October but just how you see it playing out, I guess, over the next year while the standstill is in place?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, as we all know, the Softwood Lumber Agreement expired on October 12. Just in terms of what's happening on that, there are ongoing discussions between participants on both sides of the border regarding renewing the agreement. As well as you all know, this is ultimately a government-to-government negotiation, and election season has hampered the ability to have those discussions. But we are looking forward to both governments having an opportunity to engage and it's my take, our take that there is a possibility of reaching an agreement prior to the one year standstill playing out.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And in terms of flows, do you think recent activity is a pretty good indicator that that probably won't have a major impact in terms of flows in the market?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's exactly right. I think what's happened over the past two weeks or three weeks was in line with what we anticipated but you never know, but I do think that does show that there wasn't a significant impact in terms of flows when that agreement expired.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: All right. And just in terms of the current market, you talked about customers having pretty low inventories and reporting the recent rally. Do you have any view has buying activity over the last couple of weeks been enough or do you think inventories are still light?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. What we think is inventories continue to be lean especially in lumber and OSB. So, yes, there has been increased buying activity, as you alluded to, and we stated, but it's our stance that inventories continue to be on the lean side.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: All right. And you guys have a lot of – I mean, Patty alluded to some smaller stuff going on on the capital side. But you guys do have a few larger capital projects going on at at least a couple of your sawmills. I was just wondering can you give some – just kind of walk through what you're doing and actually there is $190 million going on at one project. Can you just walk through some of your bigger projects whether they're fourth quarter 2016 event?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Fourth quarter 2016, I mean...
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. I am just saying just walk through some of the bigger projects that you have going on...
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Okay.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: And what are the OpEx program?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Yeah. You're exactly right. We are, as we have been talking about for a period of time now, spending capital specifically in our lumber operation to support our OpEx initiatives, and to drive down our overall cost structure. So, that's happening at a number of mills, each of our mills has a specific roadmap, that's what's needed to get them to be in lowest cost quartile, and we have specific projects going on. One of the projects, to give you can example, is our Dierks sawmill. Our Dierks sawmill has been a very good sawmill for us for a long time. It's located in a fantastic wood basket. It's close to very good end market, but is a very old mill with an odd configuration. We are basically rebuilding that mill. We are rebuilding that mill on site. As we looked at all the different opportunities to make that mill more cost efficient that was the one that made the most sense. But to your question, Gail, every project that we're doing, the whole focus is to drive down our overall cost structures and that we will have low cost sawmill operation, and we'll be able to deliver on our OpEx initiatives. As we said, we're going to spend roughly total company-wide $500 million in capital, that's inclusive of what we're spending in lumber, and would anticipate the capital spend, as Patty said on the last call, will be in that range for next year as well as we continue on these projects.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Gail, the only other thing that I would add is, as you look at the fourth quarter spend, it will be our highest spend for the year, and as Doyle mentioned, the biggest piece of that will be in the lumber business in addition to the things that he talked about, there are projects that many of the mills really focused on lowering their cost structure. One piece, for example, is in our CDKs that we're putting in the continuous drive kilns at a couple of locations, both to address boiler MACT as well as bringing down drying cost, which is a significant cost. We've got some edger projects, those types of things that really will improve recovery but they really are focused on lowering the overall cost structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Patty.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Doyle, you've really made some impressive progress in all these Wood Products businesses, I wondered just if you looked at the engineered wood business that's had particularly nice gains, will there be kind of two or three key issues you'd point to that have driven that?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark, thank you for your commentary and our employees have done a nice job of making improvements and more work to do. In terms of EWP specifically it's really boils down to three things. One is reducing manufacturing cost and specifically controllable manufacturing costs, and that's something we're focused on every day. We've also driven down our overall SG&A cost in EWP business. And then finally we're really focused on growing not only just sales, but growing profitable sales. So those are the three key levers that we've been focused on in EWP, and have been encouraged about the progress that we've made there, and we're focused on continuing to improve that operation going forward.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And over in the OSB business are there any debottlenecking opportunities there similar to sort of some of the capital that you're putting in the lumber to improve the lumber operations?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark I would say in OSB the projects that we're doing, some of it involves debottlenecking, but more than that it's just figuring out a way to continue to improve reliability and drive down cost. As we've talked about, we've got a couple of mills that are world-class and we've got opportunities to improve some of our OSB mills to those same type of levels in terms of reliability and cost structure and that's what our capital expenditures are focused on.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Fine. Last question, I had Doyle, back in September, we had one of your peers announce kind of an interesting transaction with a group of institutional timber investors. Can you just talk about sort of the applicability or non-applicability of that kind of structure at Weyerhaeuser and maybe tie that in with how you're thinking about sort of growth in your Timberlands business over the next few years?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. So, we thought that it will increase transaction that you're referring to was a very creative transaction and especially did a nice job of highlighting the underlying value of high quality Southern Timberlands. If we were at some point to conclude this type of transaction in the best interest of our shareholders, it's something we would consider. In terms of growth overall markets, we said we are interested in growing our company. Primary opportunity, we think will probably be in Timberlands, but we'll continue to be very disciplined in looking at acquisitions, opportunities as we move forward.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Good enough. Good luck in the fourth quarter. Doyle, good luck next year.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone. Good morning. I appreciate the details and congratulations again on all the progress on the costs and OE. Maybe, piggybacking off the last two questions from Mark and Gail – Doyle, I think, what you'd have left in terms of projects, and OE benefit s we head into 2016 is something north of $100 million. I know you'll probably want to talk a little bit about this in December at your Analyst Day, but is there a way to at least catch us upon maybe the opportunity for more OE benefit and is there a way to talk to what you achieved in OE in the third quarter across the segments? If you had it, I'd missed it in the deck or in your comments.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, George, to your point, we will be updating exactly our progress in 2015 later this year and giving more specific guidance on the opportunities that are still in front of us, but to your point, we have made good progress. What I'm most encouraged about is, this is now becoming bottom up driven in our organization as people are really understanding what we're doing in OpEx, and finding additional opportunities. So we will be giving further update on that going forward. In terms of quarter-to-quarter, clearly, if you looked at price and volume and what that would result in terms of earnings, that's one number in our earnings and each of the businesses are higher than that. That delta is primarily due to OpEx. Looking at it, I'll just give you an example, if you look at this morning I actually looked at some numbers and I looked year-to-date 2015 versus year-to-date 2014 because I think it's hard and things move around a lot on a quarterly basis but just looking at Timberland, for example, year-to-date 2014 our earnings in 2014 were $470 million. You look at lower price, lower volume that would have – you would have thought just backing in those two things, our earnings would have been $370 million year-to-date 2015 and in fact they're $415 million. So that delta, not all of its OpEx, but a big portion of that is OpEx. Similar type numbers for lumber, OSB, ELP. So that's the way we think about it, just taking out the thing, the volume, the price components of it and that's how we know it's showing up in the bottom-line.
George Leon Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, could you remind us as you look out and do the buckets for OE change, the deeper we go into this decade or will it be pretty continuous or pretty equal contribution across the various categories for the various businesses? And that's a broad question but if you give us a bit of a feel there.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I wouldn't say changes substantially, George. We will identify broader opportunities as we move forward. As I said, the encouraging part about this is it's becoming part of our culture, it is being bottom up-driven. So things that, frankly, I would have never thought of as opportunities, our employees are bringing up as opportunities to continue to drive down our cost structure, improve our profitability. So again, we'll get more clarity on that as we move forward. But it really does boil down, as I mentioned earlier, to the basic blocking and tackling of running these businesses, but we are encouraged by the opportunities that we continue to unearth to drive our OpEx initiatives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning, Doyle and Patty.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Chip.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. First question, we haven't talked about Cellulose today, and I was just wondering what you're seeing in that marketplace in terms of, there's a very small player that's kind of working hard to fill up their mills because things haven't turned out the way they planned. And then you've got obviously two competitors who are involved in conversion projects next year. And could you just give me a feel for how that may or may not impact you in terms of your contracts and what you see for the marketplace?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You might imagine, Chip, we're right in the middle of that process. So let me just give you a little bit of color. I would say that we are very pleased with the demand that we're seeing for our products from our customers. We've got, as you know, very long customer relationships. So on the volume side, feeling good about – it's still just the fourth quarter, we're not into 2016 until next year and we'll give you more color as we get a little closer. Having said that, I do expect that there will continue to be some price pressure as we – moving forward into 2016 as you see supply and demand. But I would say, at this point, we are very pleased with where we are on that front, but more to come.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And regardless of the supply side, would you still characterize the market globally as still a low to mid, maybe even a mid single-digit growth, are you seeing that kind of growth rate? And I know it's very early days, but what do you think this change in policy in China can mean for demand, on going from one child to two children?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, more babies mean more diapers, which means more fluff pulp. So hard to factor that into the cash flow stream, but I know what the direction would be. So I think from that perspective, we feel good about that piece, but I don't know how to quite model that at this point.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then just on a separate note, I noticed the – and this would be on I guess page eight of the financial package, but the other unallocated expense, which isn't tied to FX or LIFO, was a pretty high number, $23 million. And maybe I missed it, but what was that? And I know it jumps around, but what should we expect that to do from third quarter to fourth quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. We did true up some of our environmental reserves, which is probably the biggest piece of that, it's not all of that by any matter of means, we have a number of things that you saw in the second quarter. The number was I think about $13 million, went to $23 million. The biggest difference really was for a true-up of some environmental reserves that are old reserves and it's just a function of – this is kind of the time that we go through that process. There are probably some other small reserve true-ups, but that's the biggest number. Going forward into the fourth quarter, I wouldn't expect that that number would be as large as you see it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had a couple of questions on EWP, first of all. Have you seen any significant pressure from the decline in solid wood, because it seems like your prices were holding in pretty well?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Steve. And good morning, Steve. As you would expect, we have seen a little bit of pricing pressure as the saw log prices have come off. We anticipate, as we mentioned earlier, as saw log prices go up, some of that pressure will abate. So to answer your question, I would say, yes, we've seen a little bit of pressure, nothing significant and not something we're concerned about in the long term.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And do any of the Trus Joist facilities have the ability to participate in this cross-laminated timber market that seems to be emerging?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We are really encouraged by the cross-laminated timber emerging market. And more and more buildings, as we all know, are using wood. And yes, we are positioned to participate in that as we move forward and there are some big initiatives, as you know, to continue to encourage those efforts going forward.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, I think it's a great opportunity. And then I have one question on Cellulose. A couple of years ago, when viscose was really, really strong, you introduced your Pearl product that I believe was marketed as an extender, but I don't think you've spoken about it recently. So I was just wondering, is it growing, is it lucrative and are prices moving one way or another?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Steve, it's Patty. It is a smaller part of the overall portfolio, but we are producing the Pearl product, primarily in our Port Wentworth facility, and that does help the overall supply that comes into the fluff market. So it is still a meaningful part for Port Wentworth, still a small part as it relates to the overall pulp manufacturing and supply.
Steven Pierre Chercover - D. A. Davidson & Co.: But your expertise in any future growth would be more in fluff than in the extenders, is that correct?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, the biggest impact for sure would be in fluff just based upon the size of both that market and our capacity, but I wouldn't discount the importance of the Pearl product, especially as a result, as I said, to both the price as well as additional capacity for Port Wentworth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, everyone. This is Scott Lehmann (47:01) in for Mark Connelly. Good morning. Just two quick questions. The first one is, if you guys see these FX conditions persist for the next year, how would you expect that that would affect the mix of wood that you guys are shipping?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let's talk just a minute about what we're seeing in the export market. As we mentioned, we are very encouraged by what we're seeing in Japan. Housing continues to improve there. And as a result, we expect improved shipments into Japan in the fourth quarter and would expect that trend to continue next year. In terms of Chinese markets, as we referred to earlier, inventories are returning, trending back toward normalized levels. And we think, as a result, prices are stabilizing and getting inventories back toward more normalized levels by the end of this year we think positions China to be a improving market as we move into next year, 2016.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then just the second and last question. It looks like your price realizations for Engineered Wood Products were both up in the quarter. Do you think that those markets are tight enough to allow you to pass along higher OSB prices, if OSB prices do continue to move higher over the next six months?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We'll have to see how that all figures out. As we said, for the fourth quarter, which is really on a pricing guidance what we give, think that realization will be basically flat into the third quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, Doyle and Patty.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: A couple of ones for you. So, you and others or U.S. based pulp producers have talked about the potential impact of a strong dollar on pulp pricing, assuming the dollar does stay strong. How do you sort of handicap the potential impact to margins in pulp from that?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think as Doyle talked about in his comments on the FX, a strong dollar is not a positive business. But I think as we look at the euro right now, if you look year-over-year, it has weakened considerably compared to the U.S. dollar. So, I wouldn't necessarily see that it will be significantly weaker from where it is today.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks a lot, Patty. And then just thinking about the manufacturing portfolio. So a few years back we were talking about engineered wood distribution is businesses that you would potentially exit unless there was material improvement in the profitability which we've absolutely seen. So is there any interest in growing those segments through M&A now that we have seen a very nice improvement in the profitability there?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you for your comment regarding the improved profitability and as I mentioned earlier, a lot of good work from our employees. With that said, in both of those businesses we still got more work to do. In terms of growth generally, we said we would like to grow our company. We'll be very disciplined about how we do that. We think our largest opportunities will be in Timberlands. But if we can find bolt-on type acquisitions and our other businesses that makes sense and drive value for shareholders, that's something we would consider. But our primary focus especially in the two businesses that you just highlighted continue to improve our existing operations.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James & Associates. Please go ahead.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Patty.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Collin.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Collin.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just first on the capital allocation front. Going back to – when you announced your $700 million buyback, I think you guys made it pretty clear that you fully intend to utilize that in context of the TRI Pointe deal. How should we be thinking about really this latest share repurchase announcement? Just given where your cash balance is now, should we view that as you're going to fully execute that or is it just kind of a tool you want at your disposal?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think when we announced the share repurchase our intent when we announced it is to fully execute it. So, we'll continue to update everybody on exactly where we are on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but our intention would be to execute the share repurchase over time.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, no, it just looked like you had – there was a little bit of a pause if you completed the full $90 million in the third quarter, and there wasn't really anything incremental for the remainder of the quarter. So that was kind of the – where the question was coming from...
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, there was nothing to be read into that Collin.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just I'm curious if you can talk a little bit more about – there have been a few lumber production curtailments announced in the U.S. South recently and obviously in response to where lumber pricing was in the third quarter. And just maybe what have you seen in terms of your Timberlands business as it relates to that? Have you had to get back at pricing at all, have you lost a little bit of volume to a couple mills, just maybe update us in context of some of the announcements in the third quarter?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. In terms of our Southern Timberlands, I would say are – whether all these – are these one off. Our demand has been continued to be fairly consistent and pricing in the third quarter was up slightly versus the second quarter. And for 2015 versus 2014, our best guess is prices will be up somewhere in the 2% to 3% range as we had indicated earlier this year. So, yeah, was there some impact from those announcements? Yes. But, it had any significant impact on our Timberlands, either volume or pricing? No.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just bigger picture, I know you've mentioned a couple of times on this call again, Doyle, just the focus on looking at growing potentially that Timberland platform, maybe more opportunities in the U.S. South. But can you just talk about given that we've now seen two of the larger deals that were out there this year either cleared or are in the process of clearing the market, just what you're even seeing in terms of opportunities right now?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's not a lot out there right now, Collin. I would tell you, especially for higher quality Timberlands when something does come, become available, there's a lot of interest, a lot of competition and still a lot of money out there interested in investing in this asset class. But, in terms of specific opportunities other than the two that you just mentioned, not seeing a lot of activity in terms of availability.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just one last one and then just kind of piggybacking off of couple of the other questions. Just – again, congratulations on all the progress, particularly on the Engineered Wood Products business. Should we think about just given that, there still sounds like some other opportunities you want to explore there on cost savings over time. Do you think about this as now being kind of a minimum of $140 million to $150 million a year in terms of EBITDA business? I mean just maybe speak to the sustainability of the improvement that we've seen here, particularly over the last couple of quarters?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We do think the improvements that we've seen are sustainable. I do believe that we have, as I alluded to earlier, additional opportunities to improve that business going forward. So, to your point very encouraged about the progress, very encouraged about the work of our employees in that business. And there is no reason to the things that we've done aren't sustainable and that there aren't additional opportunities to improve that business going forward.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Collin.
Operator: Thank you. I'd like to turn the call back over to Doyle for any closing remarks.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me just close by saying thanks everybody for joining in this morning. And more importantly, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. And everybody have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Denise M. Merle - Senior Vice President-Human Resources & Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC Ketan Mamtora - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Paul C. Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Denise Merle, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Denise M. Merle - Senior Vice President-Human Resources & Investor Relations: Thank you, Brent. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2015 earnings. On the call with me this morning are Doyle Simons, CEO; Patty Bedient, CFO; and Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings material on our website. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Denise, and welcome, everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter net earnings of $133 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, on net sales of $1.8 billion. Each of our businesses delivered solid operating results, as operational excellence efforts helped mitigate the delayed arrival of the spring building season and the continuing challenge of a strong U.S. dollar. In addition, we returned over $150 million of cash to shareholders in the quarter through repurchase of common shares. Cumulative repurchase at quarter end totaled $610 million, as we near completion of our existing $700 million authorization. I will begin this discussion of our business results with some brief comments about the housing market. Housing indicators remain choppy and the spring building season was slow to gather momentum in the second quarter as weeks of heavy rain and flooding in the South hampered building activity. However, markets gained momentum late in the quarter as the weather abated and our outlook for 2015 remains unchanged at approximately 1.1 million housing starts, which represents a 10% improvement compared with 2014. We continue to be optimistic about the longer-term prospect for housing as rising employment, strong consumer confidence, historically low mortgage rates and signs of increased participation by first time home buyers should support continuing improvement in the U.S. housing market. In addition, builder sentiment in July was at the highest level in 10 years and our customers continue to tell us they expect increased housing activity in the second half of the year. Let me now turn to our business segments, starting with Timberlands, charts three to five. Timberlands contributed $127 million to the second quarter earnings, compared with $162 million in the first quarter. Lower average sales realizations for western logs and lower earnings from timberlands dispositions more than offset seasonally higher sales volumes. In the West, export log prices remained under pressure due to the continued strength of the U.S. dollar. However, export volumes increased substantially, compared with first quarter due to seasonally improved demand from our Japanese and Chinese customers. Domestic log sales realizations declined throughout the quarter, as log markets remained well supplied due to favorable market conditions in the first half of the year. In the South, fee harvest increased seasonally as we were able to flex harvest settings around the second quarter's extreme wet weather. Average sales realizations for Southern logs were comparable to the first quarter. Second quarter included earnings of $5 million from disposition of non-strategic timberlands, a reduction of $12 million, compared with the first quarter. The Timberlands business continues to benefit from operational excellence initiatives and remains on track to meet its OpEx targets for 2015. Wood Products, charts six and seven. Wood Products contributed $71 million to the second quarter earnings, an improvement of $9 million compared with the first quarter. EBITDA increased to $98 million. Improved sales volumes and reduced operating cost enabled the business to overcome lower average realizations for lumber and oriented strand board. In Lumber, EBITDA declined $6 million, compared with the first quarter, a 5% decline in average sales realizations was mostly offset by seasonally higher sales volumes, lower Western log costs and operational excellence initiatives to reduce manufacturing cost. In OSB, EBITDA decreased by $4 million due to a 3% decline in average sales realizations. I was particularly pleased with the performance of engineered wood products in the quarter, as we reported EBITDA of $38 million, an increase of $12 million compared with the first quarter. Sales volume rose seasonally across all product lines and per unit manufacturing costs improved due to higher production volume and operational excellence initiatives. EBITDA for the distribution business increased by $5 million, compared with the first quarter due to improved sales volumes, higher product margins and lower overhead cost. Our Wood Products businesses remained relentlessly focused on operational excellence. Lumber and OSB are on track to achieve their 2015 targets. Engineered wood products is tracking significantly above its full-year EBITDA improvement target, up $26 million year-to-date compared with 2014. And our distribution business has been challenged by the severe weather in some of its key markets in the first half of the year and has work to do to achieve its target. However, this business is well-positioned to capitalize on the expanded building activity we expect during the second half of 2015. Cellulose Fibers, charts 8 and 9. Cellulose Fibers contributed $27 million to earnings, compared with $33 million in the first quarter. Pulp market stabilized during the second quarter as global inventories declined to more balanced levels. Average pulp realizations were down compared with the first quarter. As expected, maintenance expense increased significantly in the second quarter, as we completed a planned extended outage at our Flint River, Georgia mill. The outage included scheduled maintenance and installation of energy-related capital improvements. The West Coast port disruption resulted in approximately $8 million in lingering logistics costs in the second quarter, but we anticipate minimal effects going forward. The Cellulose Fibers business made good progress on operational excellence initiatives in the second quarter, including the successful startup of a turbine generator that significantly reduces energy cost at our Flint River mill. This business remains on track to achieve its 2015 operational excellence target. I will now turn it over to Patty to discuss our third quarter outlook.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the third quarter is summarized on chart 13, and I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, sales realizations for export logs to Japan are expected to improve slightly, due to increased housing demand. Although China inventories have decreased from earlier in the year, they remain at above-normal levels, putting continued pressure on prices. Domestic log realizations are anticipated to increase as a result of constrained supply due to fire-related harvest restriction. Fee harvest volumes are expected to decrease accordingly. In the South, average sales, log sales realizations are anticipated to be comparable to Q2. Fee harvest volumes are expected to increase on a slightly lower grade mix as Q3 typically carries a greater percentage of thinning volume. Silviculture costs are anticipated to increase both seasonally and because some activities had to be deferred from Q2 as a result of wet weather. Earnings from non-strategic land sales are projected to be around $10 million, compared to $5 million in Q2. Overall earnings in our Timberlands segment are expected to be slightly lower in Q3, compared to Q2. Turning to Wood Products. Although, lumber and oriented strand board prices have decreased during the month of July, the average sales realizations for this month are still higher than the Q2 averages. We expect prices for both lumber and OSB to increase in the remainder of the quarter from today's level. We anticipate average sales realizations for engineered wood products in the third quarter to be comparable to the second quarter. Sales volumes are anticipated to be seasonally higher across most product lines. Western log costs are expected to be modestly higher than Q2. We will be taking some annual maintenance downtime in our engineered wood products facilities, which will negatively affect manufacturing costs for the quarter. We expect continued improvement in the results of our distribution business. Overall, we anticipate that third quarter earnings in our Wood Products segment will be higher than the second quarter, but likely lower than the third quarter of last year. Moving to the Cellulose Fibers business, global softwood pulp inventory levels decreased during the second quarter, and we were basically in balance at the end of the quarter. However, because the industry typically plans fewer maintenance outages in the third quarter, combined with uncertainty around demand from China, inventory levels could tick up leading to some softness in pulp prices in the third quarter. We expect higher sales volumes to partially offset the potential effect of lower sales realization. We anticipate substantial cost improvement in the third quarter. During the second quarter, we had 46 maintenance-related outage days. And this quarter, we have only minimal days planned. As a result, we will have lower maintenance expense and higher productivity. In addition, now that the West Coast port dispute has been resolved, we do not anticipate a repeat of the $8 million negative effect that we experienced in Q2. Overall, third quarter results in our Cellulose Fibers segment should significantly increase, compared to the second quarter and exceed the third quarter earnings of last year. Chart 10, summarizes the results of unallocated items. Before special items, total cost decreased by just over $60 million. The largest item making up this variance was foreign exchange as the Canadian dollar appreciated from approximately $0.79 at the end of the first quarter to $0.81 at the end of the second quarter. For modeling purposes, every penny in the exchange rate is roughly $4 million on a pre-tax basis. The other large item was the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. This item is difficult to predict, as it fluctuates based on the level and mix of inventory from quarter-to-quarter. However, we do not expect the change of this magnitude in the third quarter. Now, I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments, beginning with chart 11. Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was $366 million or an increase of $289 million, compared to the first quarter. In addition to increased earnings, large positive variances included lower working capital, and lower interest payments, compared to the first quarter. Capital expenditures for the second quarter totaled $108 million, bringing our year-to-date expenditures to $197 million. We continue to expect total expenditures for the full year to approximate $500 million. We do not have any debt maturities until 2017 and have no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion line of credit. As detailed on chart 12, during the second quarter, we used $154 million to repurchase our common stocks. And at the end of Q2, we had approximately $90 million remaining under our existing authorization. Now, I'll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Patty. The housing market continues to gather momentum and building activity is increasing, although, it has come this year in fits and starts. Looking forward, we are well positioned to capitalize on its improvement. And we remain relentlessly focused on driving value for shareholders through operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. Now, with that, I'd like to open up the floor for questions.
Operator: Thanks a lot. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with The Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Doyle, you'd made a comment, or Patty, that you are expecting lumber and OSB prices to pick up as the quarter progresses. I was curious what informs that view, whether it's a sense of where inventories are in the channel? Is at sense that demand is going to be getting better? What would be the drivers that you are expecting to help us see lumber and OSB start moving in the right direction?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Mark, it's a combination of those factors. As I mentioned in my prepared comments and talking to customers, they continue to be very optimistic about housing activity. In fact, I was talking to Adrian Blocker just this morning. He was with customers as recently as yesterday, and just very optimistic about activity out there. In addition, in terms of inventories, as you mentioned, I would tell you inventories are fairly lean at this point in time. So, I think what's happened is there's been a confluence of events from the supply side, Mark, as you're very well aware of in terms of the Canadian dollar, and that's resulted in additional volume coming into the U.S. The weakness in the export – Asian export markets has resulted in an increase coming in to the U.S. That, at a time when we had a delay in the spring building season, all resulted in prices having some pressure on them. I think as demand continues to improve, supply and demand will get back in balance, and hopefully, we will see some improvement in lumber and OSB prices as we move through the balance of the quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. And one quick follow-up. Do you have thoughts on the potential expiration of the softwood lumber agreement and what type of implications that might or might not have for lumber markets as we go forward?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, in terms of the softwood lumber agreement, as we've said previously, this is an important issue to Weyerhaeuser. There's a council of industry leaders that are discussing options for renewing the agreement and Weyerhaeuser is actively participating in those discussions. And we're very hopeful that we can reach an agreement and avoid trade litigation going forward. In terms of the implications, if it runs out in October, Mark, there's two trains of thought. One is that when that occurs, that additional supply comes on from Canada because there won't be any tariffs in place. But there is also the thought that that will not occur because of the implications that it could potentially have in trade litigations down the road. So, don't know how to play out. And again, two different trains of thought, and we'll just have to see what happens if we're not able to get a resolution in place prior to that which I think everybody is working towards.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Could you talk about the movement of Western export log prices as you move through Q2 and then into July, and are you seeing any inflection point there? And then maybe just a related question. We've heard a lot about the risk of fires in British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest. Is that something that's actually impacting prices and volumes right now, or is that just something that we need to kind of keep an eye on in August and September?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, both important issues, and let me address each of those. In terms of export markets, let me break it down by market. In Japan, we saw prices bottom in June and prices have started to move up in July. And this has been due to the improved Japanese housing demand. And to your second question, I'll get into more details on this in just a minute, the lower log supply due to – primarily due to fire restrictions. In terms of what we're seeing in China, the log takeaway from Chinese ports picked up in the second quarter, but remains at relatively low levels. Log inventories – I mean, log inventories moved down to about 3.8 million cubic meters in the second quarter, but has since climbed back up just above 4 million cubic meters. And I can tell you the softwood log imports from all regions into China are down, but as I said, the inventories remain high and we think there continue to be pressure in China in terms of pricing. Related to that in domestic markets in the West, we think domestic prices are going to rise due to the fire season. And our volumes, as Patty mentioned, our harvest volumes are projected to be down in the third quarter versus the second because of the fire restrictions. Now, let me turn to the current fire situation. And I can tell you just drive around the Pacific Northwest, it's dry out there. It almost looks like you're in Arizona as opposed to the normally wet Pacific Northwest. In terms of what's happening, the fire season started earlier this year and at least at this point, it looks like it's going to last longer than normal. If you look at the level of rainfall, it's one of the lowest levels in the last 70 years. And I can tell you most Western acres are currently under either what's called level 2, level 3 or level 4 fire restrictions. These are restrictions that are put on placed by outside regulators. Just to give you a sense, level 2 requires most operations to cease by 1 PM. Level 3 requires all operations to cease by 1 PM and further restricts certain harvest activity such as using power saws and cables, cable yarding at all times. And then level 4 restrictions are complete ban on entry to the forest. Just a couple of days ago in Oregon, a level 4 restriction was put in place in portions of Oregon. There's not been a level 4 restriction in place since 1988, just to put it in context. And that restriction impacts about 15% of our Western Timberlands. Now, that can change overnight if we get some rain or temperatures cool down and all those things. But that is the current state. And to your question, we do anticipate lower harvest in the third quarter versus the second as a result of these fire restrictions and we'll continue to monitor them and see how they play out going forward.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Maybe just to add to that a little bit, as Doyle said, the fire restrictions or the fire concern happened earlier in the Pacific Northwest than normal. And people anticipated that this may happen in some of the drier conditions, as you heard us talk about in the second quarter, led many of the mills to, and I'm talking industry now, to put in a few more logs. So, we haven't seen closures of mills at this point because of out of log downtime because they still have some inventory of logs. But I think as we get into August and into the middle of August, we'll see more of that concern, as Doyle said, if we don't get more rain in the Pacific Northwest, which isn't the forecast as we sit here today. I think it'll be something that we'll see more in the month of August than we've seen thus far in July.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, that's very helpful detail. And then maybe just one follow-up on timberlands. During the quarter, we saw announcements from a few large timber owners that they would put large properties on the market. I wonder generally, are you seeing any change in institutional interest for timberlands? Is it becoming a little bit more of a buyer's market? Are you seeing any trends in prices changing? And is there an opportunity for Weyerhaeuser, as a buyer or a seller, especially in the South?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And so I would say overall, when you step back, Anthony, the amount of activity still is generally low in the South and the West. As you mentioned, there were some facts that came on, became available in the first half of the year. I would say, most of those have some unique challenges that people will have to work through in terms of how they're going to value those. I would say, we expect more activity in the second half of the year, and I can tell you there's still a lot of money chasing deals. So no, I don't see any downward pressure on timberland prices at this point in time. In terms of Weyerhaeuser specifically, as we've consistently said we're always looking to grow our timberland, but we will continue to be very disciplined and make sure any acquisition that we make meets our appropriate level of returns and drives value for our shareholder. So, we look at everything that comes across, or most everything that comes across. And we are interested in growing but we'll continue to be disciplined.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Gail.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: First, just picking up on a couple of things that have been asked, looking at the Canadian trade situation maybe shorter term tariffs are set to go down fairly significantly in August. Do you have any concerns there that that might put incremental supply in the market and weigh on pricing? If not, it doesn't look like you do, so why not?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. As we alluded to, tariffs are scheduled to go down from 15% to 5% in August. We don't anticipate that that's going to have a big impact on the supply side of the equation but I guess we'll just have to watch it together. But our sense is that it hasn't been a, the 15%, even with the 15% we've seen, we continued to see supply come in from Canada so we don't see, we don't anticipate a significant change when the tariff changes on a monthly basis.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And just quickly following up on the view on western logs and the fire restrictions, can you give maybe a sense, I mean have you started to see any tension in the markets at all yet? I appreciate what you are saying that it will play out more in August, but can you give a sense maybe your July pricing versus your second-quarter average? Has there been any movement yet?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It takes a little bit of time for that to flow through, Gail, but I don't think there's any doubt that there is tightness in the market. And that's just going to increase as these fire restrictions continue. So, as we said, as Patty said and I alluded to, both in Japan and in western domestic, we anticipate prices increasing in the third quarter versus the second. And we're starting to see signs of that.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And just switching gears to capital allocation, you have obviously exhausted basically 85% of the existing buyback authorization. Can you just give us some thoughts and perspective on how the board might be thinking about incremental allocation dividend buyback moving forward?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so in terms of capital allocation, first and foremost, our number one priority is returning cash to shareholders. As we've said, that's primarily going to be through a growing and sustainable dividend. In addition, we'll look to use share repurchase as a tool where appropriate. As we look forward, we'll continue to work with our board regarding our dividend. I can tell you, as you know, we've constantly raised our dividend over the past few years. And as I said, we'll work with our board to determine the appropriate dividend level going forward. In terms of share repurchase, as you said, we are approaching the completion of our $700 million authorization, and we'll work with the board on that issue going forward. As we've also said, we think long term the appropriate level of cash on our balance sheet is somewhere in the $300 million to $500 million range, and we are significantly above that at this time.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Just one quick follow-up on that. With the recent share price decline, do you think that's something that the board may kind of factor into its thinking?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think the board looks at lots of factors in determining the appropriate balance between dividends and share repurchase. And that clearly would be a factor that the board would in fact consider.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ketan Mamtora with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Ketan Mamtora - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Ketan Mamtora - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I just wanted to come back to wood products. Your lumber EWP margins look quite good, especially relative to peers. Can you talk about what you're seeing and what has been the key driver there?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry. I might have to ask you to repeat the question. You're cutting out a little bit on our end.
Ketan Mamtora - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I'm sorry. I wanted to ask about the lumber EWP margins. They look pretty good relative – especially relative to your peers this quarter. So I just wanted to understand what has been the key driver and what you are seeing?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, in terms of lumber, we were encouraged by the margins this quarter. And I think what you saw there is a combination of OpEx efforts and lower log cost that pretty much are almost – completely offset the decline in prices in the quarter. So, we're continuing to make progress on our OpEx, and that is showing up in our bottom line. And we saw some of the benefit of that in the second quarter
Ketan Mamtora - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's helpful. And just one more, switching gears to timberlands. Can you talk a little bit about your offshore timberlands in Uruguay and how you think about it?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So we have 300,000 acres of timberlands in Uruguay. It's about half pine and about half eucalyptus. I was down there not too long ago, and very fertile ground and the trees grow very quickly. So, it's been – we don't have many mature trees at this point. It's still fairly early in the rotation and we're spending a lot of time figuring out exactly the best way to monetize those trees through manufacturing going forward.
Ketan Mamtora - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Doyle, I would imagine you and Patty, all of you all, are pretty pleased with the engineered wood products result. Would you say it's kind of gotten into the zone of where you were hoping it would be when you embarked on a lot of your initiatives a couple of years ago, and if not, how much further do you think we need to see that improve?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Thanks for your comment, Chip. And we are pleased with the progress that we've made in EWP. But we still have more work to do. But the key three – three key drivers that we've seen to get us to where we are today is continuing to reduce our controllable manufacturing costs through OpEx, some lower SG&A cost and then growing profitable sales. So, to your question, we are absolutely very pleased, our team they have done a really nice job. But we're not taking our foot off the accelerator. We're going to continue to do things to improve that business going forward.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got you. And then when you look at the Distribution business, I know it tends to not really – it tends to always below margin, but sometimes it's hard to know what's going on below the surface. Would you say that's equally along the path as EWP is, or does it still maybe have a little bit further to go versus EWP?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It clearly has further to go, Chip, versus EWP. So, we are making a progress there. But frankly, we're behind schedule. I can tell you a portion of that was primarily due to some adverse weather we had in some of our key markets like Texas and Denver. But get to our OpEx goals for the quarter, we're going to have to hustle. We're going to have to have good execution in the second half of the year. And we're well positioned to capitalize on markets as they continue to improve. But clearly, we're not as far along in distribution as we are in EWP and still have some work to do.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details, and congrats on the operational excellence again. I guess the first question I had, can you comment as to what roughly you would have in your guidance thus far for the third quarter for wood product pricing? Would prices have to rise above the current run rate or the – clearly the second quarter average, and if so could you put a bracket on what kind of growth rate we'd need to see in pricing from here?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: George, where we are currently is – prices are up. So, quarter-to-date, prices are up versus the second quarter average. So, lumber prices for us are up roughly $10 versus the second quarter average. And OSB prices are up roughly $5. As Patty said in her comments, we anticipate prices will move up from this point forward, but we'll all watch that together. But because of the reasons I've said earlier, primarily driven by improving demand is our best guess and it is a guess, but it's our best guess that we'll see prices move up for the – somewhat for the balance of the quarter versus where they are today. But we are currently higher than where – than the second quarter average.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Fair enough, Doyle.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. And I think the price...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, Patty. How are you?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. When you think about prices in the month of July, they actually came down. So, we had a little bit of rally late in the second quarter in June, and then about after the 4 of July holiday, prices started to tick back down. So, the average that Doyle was giving you for July is actually a little higher than where they would be with midweek print randomly. But we do anticipate, for all the reasons that Doyle said that those prices will be going back up.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, to summarize, third quarter is a decent start on an average basis, but the markets would need to see more movement, more progress relative to what you have embedded in your guidance. Is that fair?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's generally fair. Yes.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right, thanks, Doyle. In terms of the mills, can you tell us where you think you are on the cost curve? Recognizing that we're not at – hopefully, at the precipice of a recession. I know one of the goals in the past has been to get all the mills in the Wood Products business, as much as possible, to cash break even so that when you do get into a downturn you won't be losing cash. So where do you stand in terms of getting the mills to where you want them to be on the cost curve and positioned both versus competitors and versus the macro?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, as you said, George, our goal is just as we say around here, be black at the bottom and that's the cost structure that we're putting in place in our Wood Products facilities. We've made progress but we've still got work to do. We've laid out specific OpEx targets. And like I said, we're making good progress on those, but by the end of this year, we'll met our 2015 targets but we've still got additional work that needs to be done over the next two to three years to get our cost structure where ultimately it needs to be, to be black at the bottom, fully capitalized on the this upturn and maybe most importantly outperform our competitors on an ongoing basis going forward. So, progress made, still lots of work to do.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Fair enough. Doyle, last question and then I'll turn it over. If we look at the pulp mills, and again, we're down the pike in terms of the 18-month maintenance cycle being brought in now maybe a couple of years, what continue to be the learnings that you are getting from this? How the mills come up after maintenance? Anything that you would tweak with the strategy on a going-forward basis? Any thoughts there would be helpful. Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. So, George, I would tell you that the 18 month outage plan has been a success for us. When you take mills down, it can be difficult to bring them back up. We saw that in the first quarter as we talked about. But that occurs whether it's down over 12 months or down every 18 month. So, we are encouraged by the progress we're making on the 18 months schedule and we think that has been a net benefit to our company and to our shareholders.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Is there a particular challenge when you go up 18 months versus 12 months, or really no difference?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know I wouldn't say there is no difference, George, but you still got to take – as you and I talked about last quarter, taking these mills down and starting them back up, there is always challenges associated with that, and it may be a little more challenging if it's 18 versus 12, but we haven't seen anything systematic or systemic that makes it harder. You just got unique challenges with each one of these mills as you take them down and bring them back up. And some of them go really, really well. And some of ours have gone well and some of them, you have challenges.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Well, thanks. Congrats – go ahead, Patty.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: George, when we look at our – and I think Flint River is a good example of that. It was not only a factor of taking a mill down for maintenance, but we were also installing some really very beneficial equipment around energy costs. And so, it's the combination of all those things. But I think it is important to your question that as we've gone through this process, there are learnings, and I would call them only tweaks that you get from just the maintenance, which is a very important piece in our Cellulose Fibers business. So, we are capitalizing on looking at the learnings as we take a mill down and bring it back up to factor that into our maintenance going forward, and that's part of our operational excellence.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks for the thoughts. Congrats on the quarter and good luck going forward.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark?
Operator: Mark, please make sure your line is not on mute.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello, Mark.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Why don't we take the next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Langton with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, good morning. Thanks. I just had a question I guess lumber and OSB prices. I guess they ticked down recently. I know it's not a big decrease, but is there anything you can point to that's maybe driving that drop?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You know, I think it really is just the factors that Doyle went through. We've had weaker demand from Asia, which impacts the exports that come out of Canada. We've had some changes in currency that put some headwinds there. And then I think, notwithstanding the fact that housing has been ticking up of late in terms of people have reiterated their full-year guidance for the year. The first half was a little disappointing in terms of where we thought things would be. So, as we look at housing for the second half, our guidance really hasn't changed. And since we didn't have a great response in the first half, that would bode for the second half being better. But as Doyle said, we'll have to wait and see. There's just a lot of moving parts out there with all of this, so.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then just, I know it's still early, but I think you mentioned CapEx of $500 million this year. Can you give a rough sense of a range where it could be for next year?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We really don't have a range for next year that we would give in terms of guidance at this point, Tyler. We'll do that as we approach year-end. But one thing that I would say about the projects that we're putting in, and the $500 million is a little higher than where we've been historically. But we've got some great Wood Products projects that are underway that I think will pay additional dividends as we look at bringing our costs down across that system. So, really excited about the projects that we are spending that money on, but a little too soon to tell you exactly what we'd be doing for next year.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just a last question, southern seller prices I know, I think last quarter you were looking for maybe a, it was 3% to 4% increase. Prices have been generally flat. Do you think it's more realistic that prices are flat for this year?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Tyler, we still anticipate that southern prices will be up kind of in line with what they've been up over the past couple of years, which would be somewhere in the 2% to 3% range year-over-year.
Tyler J. Langton - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Steve.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Steve.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So, if I'm not mistaken, the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade negotiations should conclude today, and I don't think it's a highly visible piece of the puzzle, but Canada's effective ban on log exports is part of the equation. That's mainly BC, obviously. So but if BC was compelled to export logs, can you tell us how that would impact your Pacific Northwest operations?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: As we look at that, Steve, we'll just have to see how that actually plays out in terms of what the final resolution will be. So, difficult for us really to tell what that result is.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Has it been on your radar, clearly, Canada is a big supplier of sawn lumber. So, are there ports, for instance, conducive to log ships as opposed to lumber ships?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It is something that we have tracked, but it's not something that I would say we have a comment that we'd make about in terms of ports at this point.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: All right. Thank you, Patty.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Hopefully, you can hear me this time. I apologize.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We can hear you.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Go ahead.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. So first question is, it's around but not really about transfer pricing. I'm curious whether your internal log prices to your West Coast lumber operations were up a similar amount to your outside log sales. Obviously, there's going to be a mix and other difference. I'm just curious how they tend to track, understanding mix and geographic differences.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, Mark, just to be clear, your question is related to how we do transfer pricing to our docks?
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Well, you mentioned that external log sales realizations are up. And I'm curious whether your internal log costs are up by a similar amount, and whether those two things tend to track over time. I'm not asking whether you do transfer pricing, honestly. Obviously you do.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, they are correlated because they all come from the same geographies. There is a different mix however, as you think about what we would send exports, for example to Japan versus the grade that our domestic sawmills would use. So, directionally, they usually do track but they will not be similar absolute pricing because of the grade mix.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. It's just what I was looking for. And second quick question. Does the U.S. dollar strength increase your relative interest in overseas timberland acquisitions?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mark, as we've said before, we are looking to grow our Timberland. We think our biggest opportunities will be domestic whether it'd be in the South or the Pacific Northwest. We'll also continue to look internationally but we're going to make sure that we appropriately risk adjust any acquisition that we would make internationally. So, that's kind of generally the way we think about it. Currencies don't move up. Currency is going to move down. So, we won't overemphasize that in any decision we may make versus acquisitions.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Very helpful, Doyle. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, Doyle and Patty.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Collin.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I guess my first question, just Patty, as it goes back to the guidance significantly increased results in the Cellulose Fibers business. I think, Patty, you indicated in the prepared remarks that would be above last year's 3Q, so could we see that bounce all the way back up to, call it, about the $90 million or so figure that you posted a few quarters last year, or is that a bit too optimistic?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You're probably just a little optimistic there, Collin. If you kind of think about guidance for the Cellulose Fibers business, we were at $27 million, I believe, in the second quarter. We've got 46 days in the second quarter and, probably, less than a handful in the third quarter. So, between the maintenance expense and better productivity as we run more days, I would say that's probably going to be around just to give you some sense around the $45-ish million number. We said we will have likely lower realizations. But I would expect that to be offset by some higher volumes as well as some additional potential for cost improvement in other ways. So, I think that will help you get a little bit in the ZIP code. I think $90 million – love to have $90 million, but that might be a little optimistic at this point.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. No. That's very helpful. And I guess also, Patty, just going back to Tyler's question, just thinking about the CapEx, I know it's obviously too early for 2016, but the comments as far as kind of the ramp-up over the last couple of years, should we view the $500 million as kind of a high-watermark, or do you think there's still the potential to see a higher number at some point as you continue to invest in your mills?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, I think you would think about $500 million as being closer to the high watermark, Collin. I don't think we'd be looking at something that's significantly above that. I think last year in 2014, we were around in the $400 million, maybe $450 million. So, we have ramped that up a little bit. But I wouldn't see us being significantly above $500 million for 2016.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then I guess just the last question, kind of going back to Gail's question earlier, just about the share repurchases. One thing that surprised me a little bit during the quarter was that there was a moderation in repurchase activity relative to 1Q, particularly in context of the drop in the share price. Anything that we should read into that or any sort of restrictions on preventing you to buy back stock during a period of the quarter? Or just can you put any additional color around that?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Collin, there is nothing that should be read into that. That's just where it ended up for the quarter under our program and we'll continue to report on a quarterly basis our progress going forward.
Collin P. Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. Good luck during the quarter, guys.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Doyle and Patty. Just a question for Doyle. You've been running Weyerhaeuser for a couple of years now, and you've had operational excellence in place for quite a bit of that time. Just wondering if you're happy with the current portfolio of assets? And besides timberlands, what business segment looks good for growth?
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, Collin on – I mean Paul on your first point on OpEx, we're encouraged by the progress we've made there. Still more work to do. In terms of opportunities to grow our portfolio going forward. We've consistently said, I think now, over the last couple of years, that we think our biggest opportunity to grow will be in Timberlands. But we would look at growing other parts of our company as well, if we can find appropriate growth opportunities that meet our hurdle requirements and drive value for shareholders. So, that's generally how we think about growth going forward. The beauty of it is we don't have to grow to be successful. But if we – so we can be very disciplined, we have been and will continue to be. But if we can find the appropriate opportunities to grow this company, that's absolutely something we'll look to do to drive value for our shareholders going forward.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. Best of luck.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Paul
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Doyle for any closing remarks.
Doyle R. Simons - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As I understand it, that was our final question. And I would just like to thank, everybody, for joining us this morning for our call. And more importantly, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Denise Merle - Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Investor Relations Doyle Simons - Chief Executive Officer Patty Bedient - Chief Financial Officer Beth Baum - Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Tyler Langton - JPMorgan Usha Guntupalli - Goldman Sachs Chip Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Anthony Pettinari - Citi Gail Glazerman - UBS Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Mark Wilde - BMO Capital George Staphos - Bank of America Collin Mings - Raymond James
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Denise Merle, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Denise Merle: Thank you, Brad. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s first quarter 2015 earnings. On the call with me this morning are Doyle Simons, CEO; Patty Bedient, CFO; and Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in earnings material on our website. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Denise and good morning everyone. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings for the first quarter of $90 million, or $0.17 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. Excluding a $9 million after-tax charge related to a non-strategic asset, we earned $99 million, or $0.19 per diluted share. We were pleased with our first quarter performance in timberland and wood products as our operational excellence efforts enabled both businesses to improve earnings compared with the fourth quarter despite weaker market conditions. Our cellulose fiber business faced several challenges in the quarter, including ongoing West Coast port disruptions, a strengthening U.S. dollar and the slower-than-expected restart of our largest fluff mill following a scheduled maintenance outage. Our earnings before special items also included non-cash foreign exchange losses of approximately $0.04 per diluted share related to debt held by our Canadian entity. We continue to aggressively execute our share repurchase program. During the first quarter, we repurchased over $250 million of common shares. That’s $250 million of common shares. In total, through the end of the first quarter, we had repurchased over $450 million, or 65% of our $700 million share authorization. I will begin the discussion of our business results with some brief comments about the housing market. U.S. housing activity paused in the first quarter as severe winter weather delayed the spring selling season and disrupted construction activity throughout much of the country. Although reported new home sales were lower than anticipated in the first quarter, we are encouraged by the recent positive homebuilder sentiment regarding an improving spring selling season. Employment growth, strong consumer confidence and historically low mortgage rates should support improvement in new home sales this year. Our outlook for 2015 remains unchanged at approximately 1.1 million starts. Let me now turn to our business segments, starting with timberlands, Charts 3 to 5. Timberlands contributed $162 million to first quarter earnings, an increase of $19 million compared with the fourth quarter. Operational excellence initiatives related to cost efficiencies and log merchandising more than offset the effect of softening Western markets and unusual winter weather. In the West, average log sales realizations declined. This decline is primarily due to a shift in mix as we sold fewer logs in the export markets as the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar pressure demand and pricing for our export logs. Sales volumes to Japan declined due to seasonally weaker demand in a slightly softer housing market following last year’s increase in the consumption tax. However, average sales realizations for our Japanese logs improved slightly due to favorable mix. Chinese demand remains slowed throughout the extended lunar period and inventories remained at elevated levels. The combination of lower export log demand and unusually favorable logging conditions generated an oversupply of logs in Western domestic markets and domestic log pricing weakened during the quarter. In the South, unusually wet weather slightly amplified our normal seasonal decline in fee harvest volumes. Average sales realizations for Southern logs were comparable to the fourth quarter. First quarter included earnings of $17 million from disposition of non-strategic timberlands, an increase of $14 million compared with the fourth quarter. The timberlands business continues to expect $20 million to $30 million of operational excellence improvement in 2015 from efforts related to log merchandising, harvesting, transportation and silviculture efficiencies and non-timber revenues. Wood products, Charts 6 and 7, wood products contributed $62 million to first quarter earnings, an improvement of $6 million compared with the fourth quarter. EBITDA increased to $88 million. Results were comparable to the first quarter of last as benefits from operational excellence initiatives helped the business offset lower year-over-year sales realizations of nearly 15% in OSB and 7% in lumber. In lumber, EBITDA was unchanged compared to the fourth quarter as the business fully offset a 3% decline in average sales realizations with benefits from operational excellence initiatives to reduce manufacturing costs net of logs and overhead expenses. In OSB, EBITDA decreased by $3 million. Average sales realizations declined 5% compared with the fourth quarter. This decline was largely offset by reductions in manufacturing cost. Engineered wood products reported first quarter EBITDA of $26 million, an increase of $12 million compared with the fourth quarter and $18 million more than the first quarter of 2014. Sales volumes rose across all product lines, primarily due to stronger demand in the West and per unit manufacturing costs improved due to higher production volumes and operational excellence initiatives. EBITDA for the distribution business declined by $2 million compared with the fourth quarter, but improved $2 million compared with the first quarter of 2014. This business remains focused on improving margins and lowering cost. Our wood products businesses continue to target 2015 operational excellence improvement of $20 million to $25 million from lumber, $10 million to $15 million from OSB, $15 million to $20 million of additional engineered wood products EBITDA and $20 million to $30 million of additional EBITDA from distribution. Cellulose fibers, Charts 8 and 9, cellulose fibers contributed $33 million to earnings compared with $87 million in the fourth quarter. The West Coast port disputes significantly affected our cellulose fiber business throughout the quarter. Although a tentative contract agreement was reached in late February, productivity at the ports of Seattle and Tacoma remain well below normal due to continued congestion at the container terminals. Both ports are also absorbing volumes from carriers that have canceled service at the Port of Portland. As a result of the disruption, we incurred 13 days of downtime at our liquid packaging facility as well as incremental warehousing and transportation costs throughout the segment. In total the port disruption affected segment earnings by approximately $15 million in the quarter. This was significantly more than we had originally anticipated. Turning to our pulp mill systems, pulp markets weakened during the first quarter as global inventories remained above balanced levels and a strengthening U.S. dollar pressured broader market pricing. Average pulp sales realizations declined due to slightly softer pricing for pulp, weaker pricing for our premium towel and tissue grades and an unfavorable product mix. First quarter also included higher maintenance expense for a planned outage at our largest fluff mill. The restart of this mill took longer than anticipated resulting in lower production and higher per unit manufacturing costs. This mill is now running well. The cellulose fiber business remains relentlessly focused on delivering operational excellence improvements of $30 million to $35 million in 2015. I will now turn it over to Patty to discuss our second quarter outlook.
Patty Bedient: Thanks, Doyle and good morning everybody. The outlook for the second quarter is summarized on Chart 13 and I will begin the discussion with timberlands. In the West, log export volume is expected to improve from Q1 consistent with higher seasonal construction activity. Log prices are likely to remain under downward pressure due to the combination of currency headwinds and higher-than-normal inventories in China. Western domestic log prices and volumes have continued to decrease through the first part of this quarter, but we anticipate they will stabilize as housing activity begins to improve and mill inventories come back into balance. Fee harvest in the West will decrease slightly and road costs are expected to increase seasonally. In the south, we anticipate pricing consistent with first quarter levels. We expect typical seasonal increases in fee harvest and silviculture costs. In Q1, the gain on non-strategic land sales was $17 million. We anticipate only minimal land sales in Q2. In total, we expect that earnings in our Timberlands segment will be lower in the second quarter compared to the first. Moving to wood products, thus far in the quarter, prices for lumber and oriented strand board have continued to soften and are currently below the average sales realizations for last quarter. However, we do expect this trend to reverse as weather improves and building activity picks up. As a result, we anticipate that average realizations in the second quarter for both lumber and OSB will be similar to Q1 on seasonally increased volumes. Volumes in engineered wood products are expected to increase significantly with little change in pricing. Western log prices should decrease compared to the first quarter and per unit manufacturing costs will likely be lower due to higher operating rates and our operational excellence initiatives. Overall, second quarter earnings in the wood products segment are expected to be significantly higher than Q1. In cellulose fibers, pulp prices have been negatively affected by foreign currency exchange rates and higher than normal inventory levels. Second quarter average sales realizations are anticipated to be lower than the average for Q1. The effect of lower realization should be partially offset by increased sales volume. While the disruptions caused by the West Coast port dispute have lessened, we continue to have some negative effects in the second quarter. We will have an extended outage at one of our southern fluff mills in order to perform scheduled maintenance and to install energy-related capital improvements. These improvements include installation of a turbine generator and upgrades of the boilers and steam and power systems. Benefits include lower manufacturing costs through improved reliability, improved energy efficiency and increased outside power sales. This second quarter outage is anticipated to result in more than twice the number of outage days compared to the 17 days in Q1. We expect maintenance expense will be approximately $15 million higher in Q2 compared to Q1. As a result of this extended outage, overall earnings in the cellulose fibers segment are expected to be lower in the second quarter compared to the first. We have only one mill maintenance outage scheduled for the second half of the year and therefore earnings in the second half of the year should be significantly higher than the first. Chart 10 details the major items of unallocated costs. Q1 expense, before special items, increased to $41 million from the fourth quarter level of $13 million. As Doyle mentioned, the major item was the non-cash foreign exchange impact of $29 million resulting from the weaker Canadian dollar. In Q2, we expect that the total expense for unallocated items will be closer to the fourth quarter level before considering the effect of foreign exchange rates. Now, I will wrap up with some overall financial statement comments. I will refer you to Chart 11 for this discussion. Cash for the quarter decreased $422 million. Cash flow from operations was $77 million. As you can see from the chart, the first quarter is typically our lowest quarter due to seasonality. Major outflows in the first quarter were as follows. Capital expenditures were $89 million. We continue to expect that total capital expenditures for the year will be approximately $500 million. We paid $152 million in dividends and repurchased shares for $253 million. The share repurchase activity is summarized on Chart 12. As of the end of the first quarter, we had just over $240 million remaining on the $700 million authorization that we announced last August. Now, I will turn the call back over to Doyle and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Patty. We are optimistic housing markets will strengthen throughout the remainder of 2015 and look forward to improving demand as the spring selling and summer building season progresses. Going forward, our priorities remained unchanged. We are relentlessly focused on improving our performance through operational excellence and delivering on our priorities for capital allocation. And now I would like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you. I just wanted to focus a little bit more on the Cellulose Fibers segment just to make sure I understood what was said, I believe you said that the maintenance costs would be as much as $50 million higher second quarter versus first quarter?
Patty Bedient: Thanks for asking that question, Mark. It’s $15 million.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, alright. That changes things, all those questions throughout the window. Shifting gears then, when looking at the first quarter, I think you originally were anticipating that you would see lumber and presumably OSB pricing come back and it didn’t, do you think that was more a function of the demand or supply side issues, maybe if you could delve into that a bit?
Doyle Simons: Mark, as you know historically we have experienced price increases in the first quarter and the fourth quarter in lumber. As you highlighted, we thought that would happen again this year, it did not. And to your question, I think there were two drivers. Number one is while January was okay from a weathers perspective, February and March were not. So clearly from a demand perspective, the lack of construction activity due to the severe weather had an impact on the demand side of the equation. I think there was also some impact from additional supply of lumber coming from Canada due to the currency situation. So I think it was a combination of both of those things that resulted in pricing not improving to the level that we had anticipated when we had the fourth quarter call.
Mark Weintraub: And so is it fair to say that the demand side should take care of itself assuming housing continues to improve and how do you feel of the supply side, is the stronger dollar – does that change the playing field a bit on a go-forward basis or does – are there reasons why that will come back to normalized and the supply issues disappear?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I think it’s the latter, Mark. I think the demand side will clearly take care of itself. And fortunately we are starting to see some real signs of improvements there. On the supply side, I think that takes care of itself over time as well. As you continue to see improvement in export markets for lumber and as we also know, there is just a natural constraint on how much lumber can come from Canada on an ongoing basis because of the pine beetle situation. So I think both supply and demand work temporary phenomenon in the quarter and will take care of themselves over time.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, I will get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Langton with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Tyler Langton: Yes. Good morning. Thanks. I guess just timberlands, Doyle I mean, I think you mentioned kind of touched on that in your opening remarks, but I guess, in general revenues were down but profits were up, could you just talk a little bit about how much sort of mix may be contributed operational excellence. And I guess applied on the wood products side, because there is sort of a similar trend there as well.
Doyle Simons: Yes. So, it’s referred to in the comments. We clearly saw some benefit from operational excellence in both the timberland business and the wood products business in the first quarter. And timberlands, to your point, basically what happened there is we had lower price and volume as we talked about, but that was more than offset by lower cost in the quarter, the lower costs being both in the west and in the south in the lower price and volume of course being primarily in the west. In addition, we had some benefit from higher land sales, but that’s what got us to the improvement in the first quarter versus fourth despite the fact that we had weaker market conditions specifically in the west. On the wood products side, I would say we were pleased with the fact that we clearly saw OpEx improvements in our results in the first quarter. Because as we talked about, we did in fact, have resident higher prices, we had lower prices pretty much across the board. So, I would tell you our continued effort for example in lumber to reduce our cost net of log. We saw benefit there in OSB, lower manufacturing cost. And then in ELP where we saw a nice improvement really what – the key driver there was we had lower price kind of offset by higher volume, but the – we had overall lower manufacturing cost due to favorable resins, less maintenance downtime in the quarter, but frankly before I was just running better as a result of our OpEx effort. So, that’s kind of how what we saw play out in the first quarter versus fourth.
Tyler Langton: And then I guess do you think you are on track with your operational excellence goals to exceed the targets for this year or are you generally sort of in line?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I would say we are on track in both timberlands and in wood products. We got some catching up to do in cellulose fiber.
Tyler Langton: Got it. Okay, thanks so much.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Usha Guntupalli: Thanks. It’s actually Usha Guntupalli on for Alex. How are you?
Doyle Simons: Good. How are you this morning?
Usha Guntupalli: Good, thanks. Just following up on the operational excellence program as you are working through this program, has execution proved a bit more difficult than original expectations for any of the segments or maybe are you even seeing opportunities for further savings in any segments?
Doyle Simons: I would say generally and made this comment before as we get deeper into our operational excellence program it’s harder work to get it done. But with that said as I just referred to very pleased with the progress that we made in our timberlands business and our lumber business – I mean, timberlands business and our wood products business in the fourth quarter, still some additional work to do in cellulose fiber, but we are very encouraged by the progress we made. And I can tell you our folks are working really hard everyday to deliver against those targets and we are confident that we will reach those targets in 2015.
Patty Bedient: The one thing that I would add is on the – Doyle did a nice job of walking through the operational excellence on the businesses. One of the other areas that we had was our G&A targets – SG&A targets. And as we said at the end of the year that we had identified the things that we needed to execute on to get that and you can see in the results year-over-year the improvement is coming through there. So, we are also equally pleased on that front.
Usha Guntupalli: And just a quick one on FX, are you seeing a major impact on trade flows for the log market given all the FX slows around the world?
Doyle Simons: I am sorry will you repeat your question please?
Usha Guntupalli: Yes. Could you talk a little bit about the FX impact on the log market like are you seeing major changes in trade flows around the world?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So, as we talked about we did see some impact on the trade flows in terms of our export volumes in the first quarter. As we stated, volumes were down both into Japan and into China. And as a result, there was additional trade flow that came into the domestic market and that was part of the reason for the lower cost – lower priced logs. Overall, lower price realizations in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Usha Guntupalli: Great, thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Chip Dillon: Yes. Good morning Doyle and Patty.
Patty Bedient: Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning Chip.
Chip Dillon: First question is on the – just to make sure I heard this right. I know that timberland, I think sales were top line $25 million in the first quarter, did you say that earnings impact was $18 million?
Patty Bedient: Are you talking about the gain on non-strategic land sales in the Timberland segment?
Chip Dillon: Yes, that will go away in the second quarter? Yes.
Patty Bedient: Yes. The gain was in the first quarter was $17 million in total and that was an increase of $14 million over the fourth quarter. And we really don’t expect anything of any significance in the second quarter.
Chip Dillon: Okay.
Patty Bedient: So if that’s true that will impact our Timberland earnings without $17 million. And we would expect that that’s probably half of the decrease of Q1 to Q2. The other piece would be primarily Western logs.
Chip Dillon: I see. Okay, that’s helpful. Now, switching gears, Doyle you had mentioned coming in back in December of ‘13 that the two businesses within wood products that you really wanted to see that needed to improve the most were engineered wood and distribution. And it looks like at least like in the first quarter and just kind of watching that trends of the engineered business, engineered wood products is doing great compared to what it had done, but it also on the same token looks like distribution is kind of still well, better it’s still bumping along breakeven and how would you sort of look at those businesses strategically over the next year or 2 years. And has for example, engineered kind of earned its right to grow yet and what has to change in distribution?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So to your point Chip, we did make the comment that we needed to significantly improve the performance in both of those businesses. And in 2014, as you will recall we improved earnings in each of those businesses – both of those businesses by $30 million to $40 million, so real progress. At the end of 2014, as you also recall Chip, we made the comment that that was good progress, but we still have a lot of work to do to get these businesses to where they need to be long-term. Thank you, for your comment on the progress that we made on ELP in the first quarter and we were pleased with that, more work to do. And on distribution we did made slight improvements there. But what I would tell you is we set goals – OpEx goals for ELP of $15 million to $20 million for 2015. And we are on track and maybe a little bit ahead of schedule to deliver on that and then on distribution, $20 million to $30 million. And I am still confident that we will accomplish that going forward. So I would say progress in both businesses, still work to do. And ultimately as I have said, we just got to show that we can in both of those businesses, earn above our cost of capital over the cycle and sustainably and maybe more importantly how to execute our competition, so still more work to be done. But thanks for your comment on the progress.
Chip Dillon: And then I guess, the last question is just you have certainly executed on the buyback as you said you would back in last August in the wake of the building – homebuilders sale, homebuilding business sale. As we get out, I would imagine to the next – to this summer or maybe early fall and assuming you have worked through the remaining authorization, what is your sort of your view then, are you going to take another look to see if you should continue a buyback. I know that obviously, a lot of these – this buyback was funded by the sale of homebuilding business. And you also – I am sure what would fit your thinking is your view towards opportunities in timberland acquisitions although we keep hearing there is really not much on the market, so what – any early thoughts on those issues?
Doyle Simons: Chip, as you know we spend a lot of time focusing on capital allocation around here and we are constantly reviewing our various alternatives. To your point, as we approach the completion of the current repurchase authorization, we will work with our Board regarding the best use of our cash going forward. As we have previously stated, long-term we believe the appropriate level of cash in our balance sheet is in the $300 million to $500 million range. And even with the completion of the current share authorization we will be well in excess of that. So something we are spending a lot of time working on thinking about and we will make some decisions as we move forward.
Chip Dillon: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari: Regarding the West Coast port strike, I think you indicated it was $15 million in 1Q. And I think Patty said that there was you are still kind of feeling the effects of that this quarter. Is there any way to size what the impact of West Coast port strike might be this quarter? And then I think you indicated the oversupply of Western logs that you saw in 1Q, you have had some level of confidence that might sort of work itself out domestically as demand improves. I am just wondering the inventory situation in China and the oversupply in China, do you have any view as to what – when that situation sort of normalizes?
Doyle Simons: Okay. So, in terms of the port situation, that has been – as we said in our comments, has taken longer to get resolved than we had originally anticipated. There are still some congestion at the port. We had no situation in Portland in some of the traffic there moving to Seattle and Tacoma. But to your point, Patty, I did say that it was $15 million impact in the first quarter and we would expect that to be $5 million or less impact in the second quarter.
Patty Bedient: I think it could be $5 million to $10 million in the second quarter.
Doyle Simons: Okay. And then the – your question regarding – let’s talk a little bit about kind of how we are viewing the export markets and the overall markets for our timberland for our logs. In Japan, what we have seen there is we talked about reduced log demand by lower housing activity. The strong U.S. dollar is impacting the pricing as our customer competes with other alternatives from Europe due to the comparative FX rates and Q2 log shipments as we said should be up seasonally compared with Q1, but the price we anticipate will be down and we expect prices to stabilize as we go out of the second quarter into the third quarter. China, there we are having the strong U.S. dollar is having a negative impact on the U.S. log demand and pricing relative to imports from New Zealand and Russia. Log inventories as everybody know remain elevated at approximately 4.5 million cubic meters. We expect our shipments to be higher in the second quarter compared with the first quarter due to the Chinese building season. We expect continued downward pressure on pricing in 2Q. And here again, we expect prices to stabilize in the second quarter moving into the third quarter. I would make the point on China, despite the current situation if you take a little bit longer term look we believe China will continue to be a key market for us due to continued growth in middle class in China and the limitation – the natural limitations on additional wood supply from Russia and New Zealand, but China has been volatile in the past and we think we will continue to be volatile going forward. And then finally if you look at it at the domestic markets, I think to your specific questions, we think the – the volume and prices that we see there will flatten its housing activity accelerates, especially in California and we are starting to see some of that. And as log inventories normalize, a part of why the log inventories got to the condition there is because of the very favorable logging conditions that occurred in the first quarter.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that’s very helpful. I will turn it over.
Doyle Simons: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead with your question. Mark, please make sure that your line is not on mute.
Doyle Simons: Mark, are you there?
Operator: Sir, would you like to go to the next question?
Doyle Simons: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman: Doyle and I guess in one of your responses to your question you referred to seeing some positive signs of improvements, I guess we are in May, it wouldn’t be a surprise, but I was just wondering if you could put a little bit of color behind that, where are you seeing the improvements and how would that compares to this time last year?
Doyle Simons: Gail, I am sorry. You cut out a little bit on our end. So, if you can repeat your question for us please?
Gail Glazerman: Sure. In response to your earlier question, you referenced seeing some positive signs of improvement, so and it wouldn’t be a surprise we are into May, but I am just wondering if you could put a little bit of color behind that exactly where you are seeing it and how would it compare to this time last year?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So as I said we are seeing signs, it comes partially from discussions that are ongoing with our customer base. We are also encouraged by the commentary that’s coming out of the home builders that we talk to. And their commentary is a lot more people are showing up. Even some commentary that first time homebuyers are starting to show up. So it just feels like it’s the spring selling season is starting to shape up well. As we have said, it was deferred because of weather. But all in all, with – almost without exception, our customers and others that to are saying the demand is there, folks are interested. And if you really look at it, that makes sense. I mean you have got full-time employment, its the highest level it’s been in many years. You got consumer confidence, you got gas prices that are down over 30% year-over-year. You still got very low rate mortgages. You got the FHA and heard working together to try to bringing the first-time homebuyers, so a lot of very positive things. And we are seeing it in the sentiment that we are hearing and from our customer base.
Gail Glazerman: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing on the cost environment, you had put out some targets based on where oil prices are, are things targeting in that level. And maybe specifically, are you seeing any offset in terms of ocean freight to offset maybe some of the pressure you are seeing in export market?
Doyle Simons: Yes. We – as you referred to, Gail we did give some guidance on what we thought the positive impact would be from lower diesel prices. We saw some of that in the quarter. Overall, I would say the benefit was roughly $5 million because of the lower diesel prices in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. That has helped on the ocean freight and that has partially offset some of the pressure that’s been on pricing. The other thing I would say, and I think you asked this question last time, we are seeing partially offsetting that, we are seeing some negative impact from our oil and gas revenue from our timberland side. Our best guess is that will be down somewhere to $5 million maybe $10 million in the – in 2015 versus 2014 if we kind of continue at these oil prices going forward.
Gail Glazerman: Alright. And just one last question on the fluff pulp market, we have seen another really large supply announcements, you have got a company looking at doing hardword based fluff down in Brazil and another one doing softwood in Brazil in addition to projects here, has any of this changed your outlook, are you hearing anything from your customers that would kind of make you worried as you look at some of that supply coming on next year?
Patty Bedient: Gail as we look at that market, the demand for that is growing. And that’s why we do need more supply overall to meet that demand. The unfortunate part is that oftentimes when it comes on, it comes on in chunk. So it takes a while for the market to absorb it. I think the good news that we are hearing from the folks who are bringing that supply on is they do have the opportunity to produce both paper grade as well as fluffs. And so I suspect that that will come in over the course of time. But there is no question that as we look at our own demand growing and their customers growing, that there is just more demand for fluff both in the emerging markets and also in the adult and continent here domestically.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes. Thanks very much. Lot of questions here have been answered, but just overall guidance, you guys sort of guided after the Q4 call that this quarter would be a little bit better, just wondering how you think about that when you are seeing prices lower than your expectations, do you – was there a thought to revise the guidance at some point in the quarter and is that your – what is you current thinking?
Doyle Simons: I want to make sure I answer your questions so restate that Paul just…
Paul Quinn: Well, if go back to the Q4 guidance for Q1, it seemed a lot more bullish than what you are able to achieve and a lot of things moved in the quarter, I mean it’s the best guess at the time. Just thinking about I am just wondering how you are thinking about that. When you see prices like say for example lower lumber and lower OSB prices when you guided materially higher pricing, it’s a real improvement in wood products. Would you look at revising that guidance or is that something that’s a point in time in your way for the quarter?
Doyle Simons: Yes, that’s a really good question. And the way we think about it, let me talk specifically about wood products is we did say that we anticipated prices going up in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. That was based on what we were seeing in January when we did that. And as I mentioned earlier, January was a good month and we were right on track. Some things happened in February and March. That on the demand side primarily as we talked about that impacted lumber and OSB prices. We also did make the comment on the first quarter call that those were our best guesses and we would all watch lumber and OSB prices together and see what happens. So, our sense is that, that’s something that not unique to us. It’s being – is able to be tracked by our analysts and investors and can make adjustments accordingly. So, if it was – what our experience was, was dramatically different than what’s happening in the marketplace. To your point at that point, we would consider officially revising guidance, but if it’s just something that’s public in what’s happening in the marketplace, we typically would not revise guidance just based on that, because there is a lot of visibility to those prices in the marketplace.
Paul Quinn: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then just additionally on cellulose fibers, it looks like you had some operational hiccups in Q1 and probably a drag on this West Coast port issue in Q2 and maintenance. Just wondering how much better the second half of the year is going to look? I mean, it looks quite a bit from my standpoint just trying to get some color from you guys.
Doyle Simons: Yes. As Patty alluded to in her comments, we anticipate that the second quarter will be significantly higher than the first quarter. To your point, we have got a lot of maintenance in the first half of the year both in the first quarter and then we have doubled the amount of maintenance in the second quarter. We also had some – to your point some headwinds and small operational issue in the first quarter. All of that should be behind us. So, we would anticipate significant improvement in our cellulose fibers business in the second half versus the first half.
Paul Quinn: Great, thanks very much. Best of luck.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Chercover: Good morning, everyone. These are kind of cleanups at this point, but could you please expand on your comments on engineered wood. I think you said flat pricing, maybe you can tell us what the operating rates are and when you expect to see some tension kick in to justify higher prices?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So, we do anticipate – or we did have – I am going to start with the operating rate. Operating rates in the first quarter were in the low 70s in terms of ELP. In terms of pricing, you are right we said that was roughly flat currently versus the first quarter. There has been a price increase announced in Canada and for ELP roughly 5% or a little more and we think that could pass through. We won’t see the full benefit of that until the third quarter.
Steve Chercover: Okay. And then clearly you think that housing was going to get better and Q1 was just basically seasonal. Do you think that your pulse on the market is as accurate today as it was when you owned RICO? And what is your full year view for starts?
Doyle Simons: Yes. I would say the first quarter was more – first quarter is always slower seasonally, but I would say it was even worse than the normal seasonal, because of the weather impacts again in February and March. As I said earlier, January was a pretty good month and then February and March were difficult due to the weather situation. In terms of our visibility into housing, our crystal ball is not necessarily any better than anybody else’s, but we have a lot of customers that we talked to on a very regular basis. So, I would say we have got good visibility into housing going forward. I would say in terms of what our forecast is for starts, it is unchanged at $1.1 million. And actually, we are really encouraged by what we have seen over the past few weeks in terms of again, talking to customers and their overall sentiment for housing. And if you really step back and look at and it and I have talked about it earlier, there are a lot of really things – positive things happening which should continue to drive household formation. The employment level, the consumer confidence, the lower gas prices, where mortgage rates are – the availability is improving in terms of mortgage for first time homebuyers. So a lot of encouraging things there that we think will continue to drive housing going forward.
Steve Chercover: I agree with you actually. So, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes in the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Wilde: Good morning Doyle and good morning Patty.
Patty Bedient: Good morning Mark.
Doyle Simons: Good morning Mark.
Mark Wilde: I got a lumber question and I got a timberland question. My lumber question, Patty is kind of two pieces. One is typically I think of you guys lagging what we would see in terms of random lengths in terms of lumber realizations you report every quarter. And I just want to kind of confirm that and see how we reconcile that with your assumption that price will be flat kind of quarter-to-quarter. And also within lumber, it looks like Southern lumber prices are starting to come down now even while we are seeing a little pickup in West Coast lumber prices, so how will that affect you guys sort of Southern prices versus Western. And then just the lag between reported prices than what you realize?
Patty Bedient: Sure. I think as you think about what we report against the random lengths framing composites for lumber, the framing composite has made up a number of different grades and it doesn’t equate exactly to what we are manufacturing. So sometimes we lag, sometimes we are a little ahead. So I don’t know that I would say we always have that same relationship. As you think about what happens in the South versus West, of course we have operations in both our southern system is larger than our Western system. One other things that I think will help our Western system for lumber in the second quarter is the log prices coming down. And as you know, log prices are a big or log costs are a big cost of producing lumber. So the West will get a little help on that. And in the South, we would expect that those log prices will be unchanged as well. So little more important to us in the South just based on the size of the system, but both geographies are important to us.
Mark Wilde: Okay. And then over on to timberlands, I wondered Doyle if you can just talk a little bit about sort of what you see out there in terms of the timberland acquisition markets, how you are kind of seeing values right now. And just how you think about Weyerhaeuser’s timberland portfolio going forward, you are pretty heavily skewed right now in terms of your earnings to the Pacific Northwest, you want to shift that over time?
Doyle Simons: So Mark, in terms of the deal flows overall, it was low in the first quarter in both the South and the West, as we have previously said we expect that to increase as we move through the year. And I will tell you there is still a lot of money chasing deals going forward. In terms of our specific portfolio, as you know we have got 4 million acres in the South, 2.7 million acres in the Pacific Northwest. We would like to grow both areas. We like the positions where we are. We will look at growing both the South and the Pacific Northwest. But with that said, we are going to continue to be very disciplined in terms of our approach and make sure that any acquisition opportunity that we look at meets our specific criteria of having appropriate cash flow on returns, both in the near-term and long-term, strong market access and ability for us to add value or synergies and I think the Longview acquisition is a good example of where we were but able to add synergies as a result of that transaction. So we will look to grow both in the West and in the South we like our position in both of those, but we will be very disciplined in the approach that we take.
Mark Wilde: And Doyle how do you think about international timberlands, because at one point this was a big growth focus for Weyerhaeuser and I think you have peeled that quite – back quite a bit, how does that sort of fit in the situation now?
Doyle Simons: Yes. I think our biggest opportunities for growth going forward, Mark, will be domestic. We will continue to look internationally. As you know, we have Timberland Uruguay. That is a really good timberland. We have got a good team in place there. The growth rates there are really encouraging. So, we understand international timberland, but I think on a risk-adjusted basis I think our bigger opportunities going forward will be domestic as opposed to international.
Mark Wilde: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks very much. Good luck in the coming quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, George.
George Staphos: How are you doing? A lot of my questions have been asked already. So, maybe a couple of bigger picture questions and not necessarily to pick on cellulose fibers, I guess, first of all, Doyle, if we look at the portfolio, my guess is your strategy – your strategic view wouldn’t have changed a whole heck of a lot since December presentation, but certainly cellulose fibers does operate to a different cycle than your classic housing related businesses. And so can you update us on your thoughts in terms of how C fibers, fits within the whole portfolio and why it fits well? And then separately within cellulose fibers, you mentioned that you are relentlessly focused on operating excellence over the balance of the year, which suggests that you perhaps wanted to improve performance of maybe some things that didn’t go as well as you would have liked in the first quarter. Obviously, you can’t control the port situation or maybe you could have where there are some things with the port and the situation your reaction to it as a company that you thought you could have done better and the mill outage in coming back from that again lag a little bit. Is that a reflection at all of the new maintenance schedule or totally not related at all? Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, George. And I am going to take your second question first and then I will come back to the bigger question. So, in cellulose fibers in the quarter, we did not see much benefit from operational excellence. In terms of the start up of the mill that was down, that’s something that we could have done better. In terms of the port situation and the FX situation, those are just were what they were. I was actually really proud of the way our team managed through the very difficult port situation from the fact that it really did – it had a really significant impact on our ability to ship product. We had to move things around. We had additional transportation costs. We had warehouse costs. A lot of moving parts there in our team was on top of it and did a really nice job of managing through that and has continued to do that as we move forward. So, comment on the $30 million to $35 million of OpEx, I am absolutely convinced we are going to get that for the year. There was not much that showed up in the first quarter in our cellulose fiber business unlike out other two businesses, where it did show up, but we have got a good team in place, we have got the right strategy and the mill outage. When you take those down, you start them back up, it doesn’t always go as well as you had hoped. That happened this quarter and we will manage that better as we move forward. In terms of the strategy overall, for cellulose fibers, as you alluded to, we talked about that at our December meeting. And we like having cellulose fiber business as part of our overall portfolio partly because of the reason you said. It does tend to be countercyclical to some of our other businesses, but much more importantly, we like the cash – the very strong cash flow generation that we have historically received from that business and we are convinced we will continue to generate significant free cash flow going forward. We like that, because that ties to our number one capital allocation priority of having a growing and sustainable dividend and we believe the cash flow that we generate from that business will continue to allow us to grow our dividend going forward.
George Staphos: And Doyle….
Patty Bedient: One of the projects that will significantly improve our operational excellence going forward was, as Doyle said, we didn’t have in the first quarter and we won’t have the full benefit in the second quarter, but is that energy installation and boiler upgrade that we are doing in one of our fluff mills in the second quarter. So, we are excited about the additional power generation sales that we will have from that upgrade, but also it will significantly improve the reliability of that mill and thereby lower our cost going forward as well. So that’s just one example of an operational excellence focus that you haven’t seen show up on the bottom line yet, but we will start to see some of that improvement later in the year.
George Staphos: Thanks for that Patty. Doyle, I guess the fact that you didn’t mention it means it wasn’t an issue but you have not seen the new maintenance schedule affect your ability to bring mills back up in a timely way or have you? Again, thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Doyle Simons: No. George and you are right, I didn’t mention it because it did not have an impact. That was a mill that went down. And as we said when you start mills back up, sometimes they don’t start up as well as they should, that’s what happened on this occasion. And we will work to make sure that doesn’t happen going forward.
George Staphos: It’s tougher than running a spreadsheet I guess. Have a good quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thanks George.
Patty Bedient: Thanks George.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we now have time for one additional question. Your final question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead with your question.
Collin Mings: Hi, good morning Doyle, good morning Patty. Just a couple of questions here, first Patty and I may have missed this but again despite some of the pricing headwinds and given some of the operational improvements you are seeing the lower log cost, could you see wood products earnings bounce all the way back up to year ago levels or is that a bit too optimistic?
Patty Bedient: I think that we would certainly see our second quarter significantly higher than the first quarter as I said. To get to the roughly a little over $100 million of a year ago quarter we are going to have to see some really significant turnaround in prices, that we haven’t seen yet. So I am pulling for it, but it’s unlikely that we ill get there unless as I said pricing just really significantly has an inflection point from here. But it will be somewhere south of that, but still significantly higher than what we saw in Q1.
Collin Mings: Okay, that’s helpful. And then again you talked a little bit about as far as acquisition priority if you guys stop being on the radar, but maybe just provide a little bit more of an update of what you are seeing as far as sawlog price improvement in the region if any I know I think in 2Q you are looking for flat pricing, but just the outlook in that market. I know some of your peers have kind of suggested that given some of the weakness in Asia that, that tipping point as far as the supply demand in that region may have been pushed out even further, so can you just maybe update us on what you are seeing in that region?
Doyle Simons: Yes. So in the South, we continue to anticipate that Southern sawlog prices will be up 3% to 4% in 2015 versus 2014. That’s kind of what we saw in Q4 ‘14 versus ‘13. We think that trend is going to continue. It’s hard to know exactly what the tipping point is going to be to your question. And China, as I mentioned earlier is going to be volatile. So I don’t get too concerned about that component of it. I think as housing continues to improve, that’s going to help on the demand side and then overall on the supply side, the constraints that Canada has in place because of the pine beetle situation will be a key driver there. So we are not yet to the tipping point, I think it’s still in front of us and the key driver there is going to be what happens with U.S. housing and as I mentioned earlier, we continue to be encouraged by the progress there, just had to pause in the first quarter, but the fundamentals are clearly in place for a continued improvement in housing as we move forward.
Collin Mings: Okay, that’s helpful. And then I guess just following up really quick and as far as the Pacific Northwest, is there a good way to think about as far as you are looking at 40% year-over-year decline as far as on log export revenue, I know there are a couple of moving pieces there, but can you maybe give us some sense of how much of that was pricing versus volume?
Doyle Simons: Yes. I would say the biggest component and I don’t have that exact breakdown in front of me, but the biggest component of it was the volume as we talked about Japan slows down due to just the general slowdown in housing. And then we all know what happened in China. So clearly, both were components. But I would tell you, volume was the bigger component of the decrease that was experienced.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then just one last one, and Doyle just as you think about that headwinds in the Pacific Northwest. I mean again I recognized that you think are optimistic that pricing is going to stabilize as you go through 2Q on the domestic front, but is there a point where you really started to ratchet down the harvest activity in the region just with the thinking that may be prices have over corrected here given some of the currency headwinds and the slowing in China and the inventory there?
Doyle Simons: Collin, as you know, we do have the ability to flex up and down depending on what’s happened on market conditions. We will see how things play out going forward, do not have any intention to do that at this point, but that is something that we have done historically and we have the ability to do as we move forward. 
Collin Mings: Okay, well thanks for all the detail. Good luck during the quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Patty Bedient: Thanks.
Operator: And I would now like to turn the call back over to Doyle for any closing remarks.
Doyle Simons: Thank you and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. And most importantly, thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Denise Merle - Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Investor Relations Doyle Simons - President and Chief Executive Officer Patty Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Beth Baum - Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Mark Connelly - CLSA Gail Glazerman - UBS James Armstrong - Vertical Research Partners Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you and I'd now like to turn the call over to Denise Merle, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Denise Merle: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2014 earnings. On the call with me this morning, are Doyle Simons, CEO; Patty Bedient, CFO; and Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in earnings materials on our website. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Denise and good morning everyone. As we enter 2014, we embark in the journey here at Weyerhaeuser to grow at truly great company. As we said at that time, the three primary levers we are pulling to drive shareholders, our portfolio performance and capital allocation. Over the past year, we've made significant progress. Specifically in 2014, we'd divested our home building business to become a focused forest product company, achieved our 2014 operational excellence targets and improved earnings from our continuing operations before special items about 22% to $700 million or $1.25 per diluted share compared with $572 million or $0.99 per diluted share in 2013. In addition, we increased our dividend by 32%, authorized a new $700 million share repurchase program and within five months completed nearly 30% of that authorization. Through these actions, we demonstrated our commitment to delivering shareholder value and our total share of return for the full year of 2014 exceeded 17%. Included in these full year results are the strong fourth quarter operating earnings we reported this morning. We out earned $166 million or $0.31 per diluted for the fourth quarter. Our net sales from continuing operations of $1.8 billion excluding special items, we are into $145 million or $0.27 per diluted share an increase of 31% compared with the year ago quarter. Special items for the fourth quarter included an ongoing gain from a change to post-retirement health plan and restructuring charges associated with our SG&A cost reductions. I'll begin the discussion of our businesses performance with some brief comments on housing. Housing starts showed continued improvement in the fourth quarter, albeit at a modest rate. U.S. housing starts totalled just over $1 million for 2014, an improvement of approximately 9% compared with 2013. We are confident that housing markets will continue to strengthen in 2015 at accelerating employment growth; strong consumer confidence, low mortgage rates and initiatives to improve mortgage availability should support increased household formation. We anticipate over $1.1 million housing starts for 2015. Let me now turn to our business segments starting with timberlands, Chart 4 to 6. Timberlands contributed $143 million to fourth quarter earnings compared with a $136 million in the third quarter. In the West, fee harvest volumes increased as we were able to access tracks that had limited operations during the third quarter's fire season. Average realizations for Western logs rose due to tighter domestic markets and a favorable export log mix. Japanese demand remained solid during the quarter. Chinese demand slowed and prices for Chinese export logs declined. Although Chinese inventories decreased during the fourth quarter, they remained above normalized levels and the weak Rouble improved the competitive position of Russian logs. Operational excellence initiatives to drag each log to its most profitable customer contributed to the strong performance in the quarter. [indiscernible] acquisition contributed $44 million of EBITDA in the fourth quarter. This acquisition has been fully integrated into our Timberlands operations. In the south, fee harvest volumes rose and average realization increased compared with the third quarter. Fourth quarter earnings included $3 million from disposition of non-strategic Timberlands, a decrease of $16 million compared with the third quarter. Our Timberlands business met or exceeded all of its operational excellence target for 2014 including $194 million of EBITDA from the Longview acquisition against the target of $175 million to $185 million, $29 million of synergies against the target of $20 million and over $20 million of operational excellence improvements. We anticipate an additional $20 million to $30 million of operational excellence improvements in 2015 in this business. I will turn to wood products Chart 7 and 8. Wood products contributed $56 million in the seasonally weak fourth quarter down from $105 million in the third quarter. Earnings for the segment were comparable to the fourth quarter 2013 as benefits from our operational excellence initiatives offset a 13% year-over-year decline in average OSB realizations. Wood products EBITDA for the fourth quarter 2014 totalled $86 million compared with $135 million in the third quarter. In lumber, EBITDA totalled $65 million average price realizations declined approximately 4% compared with the third quarter. Log cost of western and southern mills increased and per unit manufacturing cost rose due to seasonally lower production volumes. In OSB, EBITDA decreased by $4 million compared with the third quarter due to a 4% decrease in average realizations. Engineered wood products reported fourth quarter EBITDA $14 million, a slight increase in average sales realizations was more than offset by seasonally lower sales volumes and higher fee manufacturing cost due to reduced production volume. EBITDA for the distribution business declined $6 million compared with the third quarter, but improved by $5 million compared with the fourth quarter of 2013. In 2014, the wood product segments achieved over $100 million of benefit from operational excellence initiatives including delivering on our commitment to improved EBITDA and engineered wood products and distribution about $30 million to $40 million in each business. We've made good progress, but much more work remains to be done, as we continue our focus on operational excellence in 2015. We have committed to deliver an additional $25 million to $30 million of operational excellence from our lumber business, $10 million to $15 million from OSB, $15 million to $20 million in engineered wood products EBITDA and $20 million to $30 million of EBITDA from distribution. Let me know turn to cellulose fibers, Charts 9 and 10. Cellulose fibers contributed $87 million to earnings, an increase of $28 million compared with the third quarter. Fluff pulp markets remain strong in the fourth quarter and average pulp price realizations increased. Maintenance cost at our liquid packaging board facility declined substantially and production increased volume completion of extended outage that occurred primarily in the third quarter. As anticipated, liquid packaging board realization declined in the fourth quarter due to a temporary shift in mix, as we restarted the facility. Shipment volumes for that product also declined as result of slowdown associated with the West Coast port labour disputes. The Cellulose fibers business finished the year with strong operational performance with several mills setting annual records for uptime, productivity and quality. The business generated nearly $30 million of operational excellence improvements in 2014 and is targeting another $25 million to $30 million in 2015. As I wrap up this morning, let me touch briefly on SG&A. At the end of 2014, we had achieved our $75 million run rate reduction targets. Moving forward, we will continue to seek opportunities to simply and reduce cost to ensure that we have the appropriate cost structure require to win. I will now turn it over to Patty to discuss our first quarter outlook.
Patty Bedient: Thanks, Doyle. Good morning, everybody. The outlook for the first quarter of 2015 is summarized on Chart 12. I will begin with discussion with Timberlands. Fee harvest in the left is anticipated to increase seasonally. Western domestic prices are expected to move higher and we are shifting supply into those markets. Japanese volume will likely decrease due to the softer overall Japanese housing demands and seasonal weather conditions. Sales realizations for China logs are expected to decrease somewhat, but the impact softer prices is being partially offset by lower freight cost. Inventories at Chinese ports have been declining; the take away has not yet been strong enough to bring balances to normal levels. Demand is not expected to tick up until after the lunar holiday. Logging and road cost should decrease in the quarter, as the results of harvesting lower elevation sites and less road construction activity. In the South, we expect fee harvest to decline seasonally. We anticipate slightly stronger pricing, although realizations will likely be flat due to a somewhat smaller log size. Earnings from non-strategic land sales are anticipated at around $10 million compared to $3 million in Q4. We expect earnings in our Timberlands segment to be significantly higher than the fourth quarter and up slightly from the first quarter of 2014. In wood product, we anticipate higher sales volumes in Q1 compared to Q4 due to seasonal improvement and demand slowly improving housing markets. Fee increase in single-family starts, which improves by almost 8% in December on a seasonally adjusted basis compared to a year ago, is a positive sign. Channel inventories are very lean so assuming a more normal strain [ph] buildings season we should see uptick in pricing. Prices in lumber and OSB however have decreased since year-end, but we expect realizations to improve as we progress further into the first quarter. Average realizations for engineered wood products are anticipated to decrease slightly due to product mix. However this decrease should be more than offset, by higher sales volumes. Log costs are expected to increase while manufacturing unit cost should be lower on higher production volume. Resin cost should also decrease as a result of low oil prices. Overall, we expect earnings in our wood product segment to increase significantly in the first quarter compared to the fourth. In cellulose fibers, day supply of global softwood inventory has increased to 31 days as of year-end, which is above normal levels. The combination of a stronger dollar and the usual seasonal slowdown in demand is likely to negatively affect full pricing. We also expect to incur higher maintenance expense this quarter as our largest fluff mill takes it plants maintenance shutdown. Sales realizations for liquid packaging are expected to increase this quarter compared to Q4, due to a more normal sales mix. The problems encountered as a result of the West Coast port slowdown have continued into this quarter. So far this quarter, we have scheduled 13 days of downtime at our Longview liquid packaging board facility due to the port situation. Although negotiations are underway with the federal mediator the issues have yet to be resolved. In addition to downtime, we are also incurring additional dollars for increased freight and warehousing. We expect overall earnings in cellulose fibers segment to be significantly lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter and likely more comparable to the first quarter of 2014. Chart 11 shows the detail of unallocated items. Earnings in Q4 were negatively affected as unallocated items increased by approximately $23 million in Q4 compared to Q3. The largest increase was the change for profit and inventory in LIFO, which accounted for $14 million of the difference. Higher share-based compensation as a result of the increase in the stock price during the quarter accounted for an additional $8 million of the difference. Referring to Chart 13, I will catch on some overall financial comments. Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $304 million. Major uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $124 million dividend payments for preference and common stock of $174 million and share repurchases of approximately $80 million. This brings our total share repurchases for the year to just over $200 million or approximately 30% of our current authorization. We ended the year, with total shares outstanding approximately of 524 million shares down from approximately 584 million at the beginning of the year. The divestiture of our home building business in the third quarter of last year resulted in retiring approximately 59 million shares. Total capital expenditures for the full year of 2014 including reforestation was $395 million for 2015, we are expecting expenditures in the range of $480 million to $500 million consistent with the guidance we gave at our investor meeting, this past December. I'll now wrap up with an update on the status of our retirement benefit plans. The unfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans and post-employment retirement plans increased by approximately $820 million as of the end of 2014 compared to 2013. This increase in unfunded status was primarily driven by the implementation of new mortality table and decreasing discount rate. The updated mortality table accounted for approximately $400 million of a deficient increase. And the majority of the remaining change was due to decreasing the discount rates by approximately 80 basis points for both the U.S. and Canadian plants. We did not make any cash contributions to the U.S. qualified pension plan in 2014 and we don't anticipate any cash contributions for that plan in 2015. Cash paid for other pension and post-retirement benefits in 2014 was $101 million. We expect total spending in 2015 to be approximately $90 million. Our primary contributions in 2015 will again be for our Canadian plants for approximately $40 million with the remainder going to pay for benefits under our supplemental pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans, none of which are separately funded. Chart 15 details pension and postretirement benefit plan expense from continuing operations by segment. For 2014, the full year net to zero. Pension and post retirement plan expense for 2015 is estimated to be approximately $40 million. The increased expense is driven by the adoption of the new mortality table and decrease discount rate. Now I'll turn the call back to Doyle and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Patty. In 2014, we demonstrated our commitment to driving shareholder value by improving performance through operational excellence and returning cash to shareholders. As we enter 2015, our priorities remain unchanged. We remain relentlessly focused on driving operational excellence to the fully capitalized on our improving markets and deliver value to our shareholders and wit that; I'd like to open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] your first question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Wilde: Good morning, Doyle. Good morning, Patty.
Patty Bedient: Good morning, Mark.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Wilde: I wondered, if the two of you could talk a little bit about the impact of FX move across your overall portfolio, you made a couple of references to this in the commentary already this morning.
Doyle Simons: So, Mark let me talk generally about the effect of the stronger dollar across our businesses and then, Patty to fill in any of the details, but just generally you know stronger dollars generally is not a positive for Weyerhaeuser in terms of Japanese logs, what we seen is the demand is not been affected by the strong dollar as I referenced and Patty referenced in our comment, but if it continues, it could have potentially affect our price. In terms of Chinese logs, what's happened there, weak Rouble is making Russian logs less expensive than U.S. logs that of course reduces the price that the Chinese are willing to pay. Now with that said, as you very well know there is a practical limit on just how much Russia can provide and the other thing, we are at prices are not at desirable levels. We are able to redirect some of our logs to domestic markets there, in those domestic markets are holding up very well. In terms of wood products, the Canadian lumber mills are benefitting from the higher margins on shipments to the U.S. overall and then on Cellulose fibers as Patty alluded to the strong dollar at this point is not effected demand, but we do anticipate lower prices due to considerable pressure from Fluff pulp's customer primarily in Europe and currently India's K prices are under some pressure. So that's kind of the big picture impact of what's happening because of the stronger dollar.
Patty Bedient: Sure, the only other thing that I would add, I think Doyle really went through all of the businesses, I would just call your attention to Chart 11 that I talked to in my comments and you notice there, that there is an FX loss both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, that's really a function of U.S. Dollar denominated debt that it held by our Canadian subsidiaries. So as the Canadian Dollar depreciates as it did, again the fourth quarter that takes more Canadian Dollar pay off that loan, so that's what generates both of that loss there. Now as you look forward into Q1, the Canadian Dollar to-date, I think has depreciated even more than it did in the fourth quarter, but that would be driven ultimately by whatever the exchange rate as of the end of the quarter.
Mark Wilde: Okay and Patty if I could ask just one follow-on, I wondered if you could talk a little bit about sort of that big cash position you're sitting on, at the rationale for holding so much and kind of tied with that, how you think about the completing the remaining share repurchase authorization, you have about $500 million out there, yet.
Patty Bedient: Yes, so we are very committed to completing that authorization and we have a little under $500 million left to go, the other thing I would say, is that we think, we should have a cash balance somewhere between $300 million and $500 million. So we do have significant cash yet to create additional value for shareholders and we'll be talking about that, as we go into 2015 and have been discussing that, but I really don't have anything more to add. In terms of what we would use that for, other than just to reiterate that our priorities for capital allocation are first and foremost concerning cash to shareholders, investing in our businesses and maintaining our appropriate capital structure and to that end, I should probably add that. In January, we did receive an upgrade in our investments rating to BBB from BBB minus from S&P. So I think our capital structure is in good shape.
Mark Wilde: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning, this is actually John Babcock [ph] sitting in for George. How are you doing today?
Doyle Simons: Good, how are you this morning?
Unidentified Analyst: I'm doing very well, I just I know you talked a little bit earlier about the performance improvement and for as far as, Doyle if you could discuss, how everything is going on in that front, especially in 4Q and additionally are there any segment performance goals that are looking more difficult to achieve than when you presented back in December. And then lastly and the with the G&A expense reduction the fourth quarter, what was that ultimately focused?
Doyle Simons: Yes, so in terms of OpEx targets, we continue to make progress in fourth quarter, 2014 and ended up essentially in line with what we laid out at our December, 9 presentation. So we're encouraged by the progress, we continue to make. In terms of 2015, as we specifically laid out on December 9, we think there is a lot of additional opportunity. We identified $20 million to $30 million of additional OpEx opportunity in Timberlands, another $20 million to $25 million in lumber, $10 million to $15 million in OSB. In ELP, here again the targeted is improving. EBITDA and that's $15 million to $20 million of EBITDA improvement in $20 million to $30 million of EBITDA improvement in distribution business and then $30 million to $35 million in cellulose fibers. So overall, very encouraged by the progress we're making, but still as I mentioned in my comments still a lot of work to do in front of us, but we are very focused on getting that to bottom line in 2015. Regarding your SG&A comment, our question if you will re-ask that, so make sure I'm more responsive to your question.
Unidentified Analyst: I was just wondering, it looks like G&A expense to come down in the fourth quarter and I was just wondering ultimately, what drove that?
Doyle Simons: When we laid out our SG&A target back at the end of 2013, we said it would take a balance of 2014 to get it fully implemented. So we continue to make progress in the fourth quarter and about end of the fourth quarter, we were at the run rate of above $75 million in terms of our SG&A targets. So encouraged by the progress, we made there and as I mentioned we've achieved that target, but we'll constantly be looking for opportunities to make sure we had the appropriate cost structure going forward.
Patty Bedient: You know, actually as you look at Q3 to Q4. Q4 is up over Q3 and that's really just a function of some of the timing that happened with year-end as well as the additional item in unallocated as I spoke about share-based comp etc., but as Doyle said we feel very confident about that $75 million reduction run rate.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, good. Thank you for the colour there and then next, I guess before I pass it on, I was just wondering on the cellulose fibers front. First of all, it looked like liquid packaging realizations were down a little bit in 3Q and I was wondering, if most of that was seasonal nature or if there is any impact ultimately from the port disruption and then on top of that, how are the mills performing on the 18-month payment schedule?
Patty Bedient: Well, as it relates to the liquid packaging realization, the decrease in the fourth quarter wasn't driven by the port disruption. It was driven by the fact that we had, we were bringing up Longview liquid packaging as a result of the extended outage that we had in Q3. So it's just a little mix of lower grade board in the start-up of that facility coming up from the outage. You'll see in Q1 as I referenced in my comment that the tails realizations will increase in the first quarter more consistent to where we were on the more normal sales mix. So the fourth quarter decrease is really just a mix issue from the start off the machine.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great and then on the maintenance schedule briefly.
Patty Bedient: Yes on the 18 month schedule we are on track fully implemented for that. You know it will vary from year-to-year as 18 months, but we're pretty much on schedule to do that. As I mentioned, our largest fluff mill goes down this quarter. So that's our maintenance outage that we have in the Q1.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks for the colour. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you was hoping to get a bit more colour on your encouraging comments on wood products prices expected to go higher as the quarter progresses and maybe, it's just kind of contextual, why they had been weak quarter-to-date and what you think and what degree of confidence, do you have, indeed they're going to turn?
Doyle Simons: Mark as you know predicting prices is always difficult, currently as we alluded to lumber prices are down slightly versus the fourth quarter average and OSB prices are down about $5 versus the fourth quarter average. We in talking to customers understand that, inventory levels are very lean. We also believe as we said, the housing is going to continue to improve. So our thought is as we move into closer to the stronger seasonal period that we will see a rally in lumber and OSB prices as we move throughout this quarter. So our comments to your point, our prediction regarding significant improvements in earnings in wood products in first quarter versus fourth quarter are dependent on pricing, but we do believe our crystal ball tells us that, we will see higher prices as we move through the quarter in wood products, but time will tell.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you and do you have any view as to what's been frustrating prices of late, there is some weather related issues or is there, just I mean, obviously seasonally it's not a great time, but any added colour you might have that anything unusual going on or just part of the seasonal process?
Doyle Simons: I think it's mostly the seasonal process, Mark. You know there have been some weather related events I don't need to tell you all, the north you all lived through one earlier this week. So I think there have been some isolated weather incidents, so far we haven't had the type of weather overall, that we had last year first quarter. So I think it's mostly seasonal, I think it is, some people being very conservative on their buying as I said, inventory levels throughout the system are very lean and that's part of why we believe that prices are going to rally because as demand does pick up, as we get to closer to this spring building period. We believe it's not to take a lot of pick up and demand to have an impact on pricing moving forward.
Mark Weintraub: Okay, that necessarily don't make sense and just lastly, as you think about the dividend this year. Can you kind of remind us, what the key metrics you'd be looking at that would determine any action you might want to take on the dividend later in the year?
Doyle Simons: Yes, let me just make a general comment about the dividend, you know it goes back to our overall leverage we pulled in and we clearly understand that the capital allocation is a key lever to driving shareholder value. You know as we've consistently said over our number one priorities in terms of capital allocation returning cash to shareholders through growing and sustainable dividend. As you know, we increased our dividend by over 30% in 2014 and I'll just tell you, we'll be working with our board later this year to determine the appropriate dividend level going forward. We have given general and I reference it as general guideline of 75% of that over a cycle in terms of dividend level, but again that's just a guideline but we do in fact understand the importance of growing our dividend and that's something we intend to do, continue to do going forward.
Mark Weintraub: And would it be fair to say, that you'd consider 2015 at least the way it looks out to be, not an above average year given that housing is still at fairly depressed levels or?
Doyle Simons: Yes, that's a fair comment. I mean, as we said we anticipate housing this year will be north of 1.1, but that's still a long way from kind of average 1.4, 1.5, and 1.6. So I would agree with your commentary.
Mark Weintraub: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Connelly: Thank you, two things. Doyle. First, how are you thinking about the relative value of U.S. versus non-U.S. Timberlands acquisitions? And then secondly, as you think about the targets you're setting for wood products for 2015 is the emphasis different than it was in 2014. I'm just curious because you achieved a lot so fast in those businesses and I'm wondering, if you got to do something different to get to next layer up.
Doyle Simons: So Mark in terms of the relative value of U.S. versus non-U.S. timberlands you know as we've said before, we look at all opportunities to grow our Timberlands both domestic and non-domestic. I will tell you, I think our bigger opportunity is going forward probably be in the U.S. we will look internationally I think one things we would be sure and do when we look internationally is, risk adjust based on the international exposure and we'll continue to that going forward. As you know, we have a very good plantation position in Uruguay. Those trees are we have a very good team there, those trees are very well positioned and growing really fast and those markets continue to develop over there, but as I tell you, we'll look both, but I think our bigger opportunities to grow our timberlands will be domestic going forward. In terms of our wood products, operational excellence targets. Mark, thanks for the comment. We did made good progress in 2014, but if that's it. We still got a lot of work to do in that business. Now I'm not going to tell you, it's going to be easy. Yes you continue to make progress on these. You kind of got some of the low hanging, so you've got it remain very focused on delivering that to the bottom line, that's why we set very specific targets and have very specific plans on how we're going to get there, both from the sales perspective as well as the cost perspective. So we are very focused on pulling every lever that we can pull to continue to drive OpEx improvements in the wood products business and are confident, we're going to reach the targets that we set out in 2015, but your point. I mean, it will get harder as we move forward, but I'm confident that we have the team and the focus to accomplish the goals that we set forth.
Mark Connelly: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Gail Glazerman: Hi, good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Gail.
Patty Bedient: Good morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman: I guess, just could I go back to some of the comments about currency and how that might flow into some of the market. Have you seen, can you give any sense of magnitude to the shift that you might have seen in Russia and maybe more detail. Have you seen any signs of Canadian lumber and being redirected from China into the U.S. then if so, any concerns if that might affect some of the western market?
Doyle Simons: Gail, as you would expect it's hard to know exactly what's happening in Russia situation. Clearly we are hearing and seeing that there is more logs coming from Russia into China. I think most of that's in northern china, as I understand it. So I think depending on what happens to rule that something, that continue but as outlined there are some practical limits based on just how much you can comment just on the infrastructure challenges, that Russia has had historically and we believe, will continue to have going forward. Patty, do you have any thoughts on the Canadian question and any redirects some lumber coming from anything going to China that's been redirected otherwise?
Patty Bedient: I think that is something that, is happening we haven't seen a big company lumber volumes overall again. So I think the extent that we'll see it more as bringing building season continue. So it will be something that will impact us going forward. We do have some Canadian operations ourselves as well and Gail, you referenced the western prices, I think that's also Canadian lumber coming in, puts pressure on the U.S. South as well, but so far it's not been, a huge piece.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, can you give any insights on to how your oil and gas income might be impacted by the recent collapse in oil prices?
Doyle Simons: And so let me give you a couple of sensitivities to that, I think we've done some work on that exact issue. So as you think about oil and gas prices and specifically oil prices going down there is some give and take as you would expect, but as we think about sensitivity specifically to diesel prices and how that slows through, I would tell you that we think there's probably $4 million to $5 million benefit in our earnings in fourth quarter, 2014 as a result of lower diesel prices and that's probably $2 million to $3 million in Timberlands, a $2 million in Timberlands, $2 million in wood products and maybe a $1 million in Cellulose fibers. Going forward, we would tell you that every roughly $0.10 decline in diesel prices flowing it through the system would result in somewhere in the $5 million benefit again with the relative ratios kind of like outlined earlier in terms of various businesses. So in annual basis, every $0.10 reduction in diesel prices will have a bottom line $5 million impact. Now, there are some offset as you just alluded to, one of them is, we continue to face increasing base rates for trucks and rail carriers as those continue to be tight, so that will somewhat offset some of the benefits, I just outlined and then to your point. If oil prices remained at the levels that they're currently, it will take a little time, but that would have a negative impact on our mineral income going forward. Just how much is hard to know, we haven't seen a big impact so far, but again if oil prices stay, 50 or south of 50 that would have some impact going forward as we continue to look at ways to maximize the value from our mineral resources.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you and just one last quick one. Patty, can you spot us or give us any perspective on how much pulp maintenance will be in the first quarter?
Patty Bedient: I think that will have an additional in the fourth quarter somewhere, I would expect around $10 million to $15 million in additional maintenance expense. We'll have some decrease as a result of the effect of less productivity because of maintenance. You know as I said, as you think about the overall earnings for the pulp segment or say about fiber segment, it's a little difficult to project. So we try to give you a little more colour in that, we said it would be significantly lower than the fourth quarter, but probably comparable to the first quarter of 2014 which I think was somewhere a little bit north of 50, maybe 54.
Gail Glazerman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
James Armstrong: Good morning, this is James Armstrong sitting in for Chip.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, James.
Patty Bedient: Morning, James.
James Armstrong: First question is, in wood products with oil prices down significantly. How much impact have you seen in resin and chemical cost so far and could you remind us of the cost buckets for that business?
Doyle Simons: Yes, so James the sensitivities that I just outlined for Gail, that we just outlined for Gail in terms of diesel prices includes the improvements in resin, but you're exactly right that's where the biggest opportunity is in terms of the lower oil prices is in the resin that we buy for OSB and ELP businesses. So the biggest component of what I just outlined is prices as oil prices move down, resin prices are moving down and the sensitivity I gave earlier is making the correlation between diesel and resin and then flowing that through to the bottom line.
James Armstrong: Okay, that's also lot and then switching gears. Any chance to retire debt in the next year, I was just wondering if there are any lockups or what's going on the?
Patty Bedient: Sure as you think about the debt, we don't have any maturity due until 2017 and for us to retire that debt in terms of premiums we would have to pay really don't make it very economics to do that, depending upon the issues, it's probably premium of somewhere between 75%, 30% slot. So we do continue to look at it, but it doesn't really seem to make a lot of sense to us at this point.
James Armstrong: Perfect and then lastly, could you just give us a update on what you expect the 2015 tax rate to be?
Patty Bedient: Sure, the tax rate always is dependent upon the mix of weak income which the tax rate is zero and GRS income which is be somewhere around 33%. So there are two things that drive that, one is rate overall which is dependent upon the mix, but we would expect that we'd beat somewhere around 18% to 20%.
James Armstrong: Okay, that helps. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Linton [ph] with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thanks good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Tyler [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: I was just wondering, in the west for Timberlands I know it's still early, but do you think domestic demand at this point is still strong enough to offset the weaker demand that you're seeing sort of the export markets as this time?
Doyle Simons: As we talked about at least in the first quarter, we anticipate that we will have higher earnings in Timberlands and clearly a component of the higher earnings versus the fourth quarter Tyler [ph] our higher price and that's primarily due to domestic prices being higher as you just alluded to and some mix issue. So we'll see how it plays out going forward, but as we said domestic prices are in good shape and we think that it continue, we'll just have to see what happens in terms of, I think the biggest challenge as we talked about in the Chinese markets will get through the lunar holiday, as we talked about inventory has come down and not back to where normal is, but they have come down. So our guess is, those markets will stabilize in the second half of the year as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay then I was, in terms of your export log volumes. I guess China has slipped they had been kind of pulling around 30% of your volumes and they were around 25% this quarter. Is that anything, is that like a deliberate effort on your part just given the weakness over there? Or really that's just function of demand from China has just slowed lot more than the demand, slowed out of Japan?
Doyle Simons: I would say both, Tyler [ph]. I mean part of it is, we have seen a little bit of fall off in demand in China as we alluded too, but we also made the conscious decision to redirect some of those log domestically because of the strong prices that we're seeing on the west coast. So it's the combination of both things.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you and I think it's finally engineered wood products side, I think you've had two quarters of pretty significant production declines. Have these been more sort of temporary cuts and do you think volumes are little bit down more towards the level that –we saw in the first half of 2014 or dipping in the volumes to kind of grow more in line off of this lower base, any thoughts on that going forward?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I think the declines one of them was kind of, it happened because of the second or third was, as we put in a price increase and moving some volume forward to the second versus the third and then the follow-up in the fourth quarter from our perspective was purely seasonal. So as we move into the stronger seasonal period first quarter and then second quarter, we would anticipate a nice rebound in volumes in our engineered wood products business.
Unidentified Analyst: Very great, thanks so much.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Quinn: Yes, thanks very much and good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Quinn: Yes, just two easy questions today. Just one is, you referenced opportunities in Timberland in North America, just wondering if you could comment on that competitive landscape out there, whether you're looking at bigger things or smaller things?
Doyle Simons: Yes, so as you know it's been pretty active in terms of activity in both the south and the west. In terms of the competitive landscape, I still think there is a lot of money out there that is looking to invest in this asset class. In terms of the way we look at it, our key criteria or we clearly are looking for opportunities that generate appropriate returns and cash flow both short-term and long-term. We look for opportunities where we can strengthen our access to strategically important markets for us or move into new markets, that we may not be in although we are in most markets, as you know. Also looking for opportunities where we can get synergies and I think Longview is a very good example of where we were able to do some things to get some mix synergies and then finally to your point. We are looking for scale opportunity. Now that doesn't mean, we won’t do some small deals and we're always in the market doing some small deals, we're really looking for some scale opportunities to continue to grow our timberland, if we can find those right opportunities going forward. So that's kind of the way, we think about it.
Paul Quinn: Okay, great and then turning over to the SoftWood Lumber Agreement. One of your competitors on a timber REIT side, this week said that he talked to Softwood Lumber Agreement served its purpose and really no longer needed. I'm just wondering what Weyerhaeuser's position is, are you happy with the current agreement, do you want to see higher import duties or is it the latter that no longer needed?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I wouldn't say some type of agreement is no longer needed. As you know, as we've talked about, the agreement set to expire later this year. I can tell you there is a lot of discussion from folks on both sides of the border discussing options for renewing that agreement and also to tell you that we are very actively involved in those discussions.
Paul Quinn: Okay that's all I had, thanks a lot. Thanks.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one additional question. Your final question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari: Hi, I've a question on cellulose fibers. Given we've seen a slowing of emerging market economies and a very strong dollar. I was wondering, as we start the year putting aside the west coast port issues. Are you seeing any change in customer buying behaviour or any slowing of demand for fluff and then a related question. You have a competitor who's talked about converting a fair amount of new fluff capacity next year and I think you've debottlenecked some capacity as well. I was just wondering, how you're thinking about the fluff supply-demand balance over the next year or so?
Patty Bedient: Sure, Anthony. You know as it relates to demand for the product. Demand has continued to be very strong having said that, I think that we will likely have some downward pressure potentially on price, just given what's happening with the economies in Asia as well as just currency flows. So far we've been very pleased with the demand outlook for fluff, it is thus continue to grow, but depending upon what's happened with some of those developing economies, we could see some softening a little bit there, but really haven't seen it after a point. As it relates to conversion, I wouldn't want speculate too much because it will take some time for any conversion to come in to place and then it will just be a function of what the overall market is at that point in time. One thing I would say is that, as we talked about before, the higher quality fluff product which is where we play primarily does have a consumer product companies like Procter & Gamble who are pretty picky about the quality. So not only does it, it take time to actually do the conversion to the product, it also takes time to qualify that product. So it's something we are watching very carefully and being very thoughtful as we go forward, but the current state is that the demand, which is pretty solid.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's very helpful and then maybe just switching to wood products. You’ve made some very impressive performance improvements in distribution this year or last year. I think you referenced to $20 million to $30 million improvement target for 2015. Can you drill down a little bit on the kind of the leverage you're going to pull to drive that EBITDA improvement and distribution this year and can you talk a little bit about the strategic importance of distribution as part of the broader wood products portfolio?
Doyle Simons: Yes, so in terms of the leverage that we're going to pull. There seems to be the same levers that we pulled in 2014, it's just continuing to be focused on that. As Cathy Slater talked about it in our December 9 presentation it's really a focus on what we call the five S's which is sourcing, selling, stocking, storing and shipping. So it's basically the blocking and tackling of making sure we're continuing to do things to drive down our cost structure where it needs to be and then making sure we are doing things on the sell side to maximize the profit margins of what we run through our distribution system. In terms of how we think about distribution as I've said before – that’s a business where frankly we've underperformed for a number of years. We needed to show that we could make dramatic improvements in that versus in terms of overall EBITDA improvement and where we stack up competitively. We started to do that in 2014, but still a lot of work remains to be done in terms of how we think about it going forward, that's business we need to show that we can win by out-executing the competition and generate returns well in excess of our cost of capital over a cycle and that's what we are focused on doing currently.
Anthony Pettinari: Okay, that's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Doyle Simons: Great. Thank you. Okay, so I understand it that was our last question. So I would just like to end by saying, thank you everybody for joining in this morning. More importantly thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Patty Bedient: Thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference c all. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Denise M. Merle - Senior Vice President of Human Resources Doyle R. Simons - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Compensation Committee and Member of Finance Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division Tyler J. Langton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Collin Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Denise Merle, Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Denise M. Merle: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2014 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during the conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in earnings materials on our website. On the call with me this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; Patty Bedient, Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Denise. Welcome, everyone, and Happy Halloween. This morning, we reported strong third quarter results in each of our businesses as our employees continue to drive sustainable performance improvements through relentless execution of our operational excellence initiatives. Net earnings for the quarter totaled approximately $1.15 billion or $2.15 per diluted share on net sales from continuing operations of $1.9 billion. This includes a gain of approximately $970 million related to the July 7 divestiture of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. Excluding discontinued operations and special items, we earned $178 million or $0.33 per diluted share, an increase of almost 31% compared with the year-ago quarter. Special items for the third quarter included an ongoing gain from a change to a post-retirement health plan and restructuring charges associated with our SG&A cost reductions. I will begin the discussion of our business results with some brief comments about market conditions. Housing starts continued to improve in the third quarter but at a measured pace. We now anticipate approximately 1 million housing starts for 2014. We are confident that housing markets will continue to strengthen, supported by employment growth and increasing consumer confidence. We are also encouraged by changes recently proposed by the Federal Housing Finance Agency that would improve mortgage credit availability. Looking forward to 2015, our outlook is in line with consensus forecasts, which anticipate 1.1 million to 1.2 million housing starts and an accelerated single-family recovery. Let me now turn to our business segments, starting with Timberlands, Charts 3 to 5. Timberlands contributed $136 million to third quarter earnings compared with $170 million in the second quarter. In the West, fee harvest volumes declined as we intentionally accelerated harvest during early 2014 in anticipation of lower price realizations in the third quarter. Realization for Western logs declined due to the normal -- due to normal seasonal increases in domestic supply and softer Asian markets. Inventories at Chinese ports, although down from their peak, are still elevated and takeaway remains below normal levels. Sales volumes to Japan increased due to timing of shipments. Our Longview Timber acquisition contributed $36 million of EBITDA in the third quarter and remains on track to achieve our 2014 target of $175 million to $185 million of EBITDA. In the South, fee harvest volumes increased due to improved weather conditions. Average realizations for southern logs rose slightly compared with the second quarter. Third quarter earnings included $19 million from disposition of nonstrategic timberlands, a decrease of $5 million compared with second quarter. Operational excellence initiatives to optimize truck scheduling, road construction and maintenance and silviculture practices contributed to Timberlands' strong performance in the quarter. Wood Products, Charts 6 and 7. Wood Products earned $105 million in the third quarter, a slight improvement compared with the second quarter. EBITDA increased to $135 million. In lumber, EBITDA improved by $8 million compared with the second quarter. Average price realizations improved approximately 1% as higher realizations for narrow lumber were partially offset by lower prices for wide dimension lumber. Log cost for our western mills declined and operating rates fell slightly. This business continues to implement operational excellence initiatives focused on reducing manufacturing cost net of logs. In OSB, EBITDA decreased by $3 million compared with second quarter as a decline in average realizations was partially offset by lower manufacturing cost. This business remains focused on lowering cost, improving operating reliability and increasing sales of higher-value products. Engineered wood products reported third quarter EBITDA of $27 million, a slight decrease compared with second quarter. Average sales realizations improved for solid section products in TJI joists as we captured the value of our announced second quarter price increase and benefited from a favorable sales mix. These improvements were offset by lower sales volumes across most product lines as second quarter included prebuying in advance of the price increase and customers managed inventories tightly during the third quarter. The distribution business reported EBITDA of $5 million in the third quarter, an improvement of $2 million. This business remains focused on improving margins and lowering costs. Our engineered wood products and distribution businesses continued to make strong progress against their operational excellence targets, and we remain confident that both of these businesses will improve EBITDA by $30 million to $40 million in 2014 compared with 2013. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 8 and 9. Cellulose Fibers contributed $59 million to earnings, down from $91 million in the second quarter. Fluff pulp markets remained strong through the third quarter, and average realizations for pulp and liquid packaging board increased. This was offset by substantially higher maintenance costs due to a scheduled increase in maintenance outage days within the pulp mill system and an extended planned outage at our liquid packaging board facility. Our liquid packaging board facility restarted in early October and is running well following the safe and successful completion of several maintenance and capital projects. The Cellulose Fibers business continues to demonstrate excellent offer -- excellent operational performance. Let me now switch gears briefly to SG&A and other matters. Our SG&A initiative remains on track, and I am highly confident we will achieve our $70 million run-rate reduction target by year-end. On August 13, our Board of Directors approved a 32% increase in our quarterly dividend and authorized a $700 million share repurchase program. During the third quarter, we repurchased nearly 19% of that authorization. Our foremost priority for capital allocation is returning cash to shareholders, and these actions demonstrate that commitment. Also in August, we announced we will move our corporate headquarters from Federal Way, Washington, to Seattle. We expect the move to occur in mid- to late 2016, when construction of our new leased building will be complete. Although our existing campus has served us very well over the years, it is too large and too costly for our current needs. Our move to Seattle is an important step forward and will help position Weyerhaeuser for future success. I will now turn it over to Patty to discuss our fourth quarter outlook.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everybody. The outlook for the fourth quarter is on Chart 11. I will begin my comments with Timberlands. Starting with log exports in the West. Log inventories at Chinese ports are still at elevated levels, which will likely result in somewhat lower sales volumes to China this quarter. We also expect lower sales volumes to Japan, primarily as a result of timing of shipments, and realization for our Japanese exports are expected to increase modestly due to mix. Sales realizations for domestic logs in the West are expected to increase compared to the third quarter. In the South, we anticipate volumes will increase slightly with flat pricing. Silviculture costs are expected to increase seasonally. Earnings from nonstrategic Timberlands sales and miscellaneous items are anticipated to be approximately $15 million lower in Q4 compared to Q3, primarily as a result of timing. Excluding these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings in our Timberlands segment to be comparable to the third quarter. In our Wood Products segment, the fourth quarter is the seasonally weakest quarter of the year. Because of the seasonal slowdown, we expect lower sales volumes across all product lines. Average sales realizations for both lumber and OSB are expected to weaken relative to the third quarter. Log costs are anticipated to increase somewhat with seasonal inventory build and weather-related restrictions. Production volumes in the fourth quarter will decrease due to the holiday season and scheduled downtime to complete maintenance and capital projects. This downtime will result in higher per-unit manufacturing costs. Consistent with the normal seasonal pattern, we expect fourth quarter earnings in our Wood Products segment to be lower than the third quarter, and likely comparable to the fourth quarter of last year. Moving on to Cellulose Fibers. Worldwide inventories for softwood pulp at the end of the third quarter were at 27 days, slightly below normal levels. Demand for our products continues to be strong, especially for our fluff pulp, and we expect mostly -- pricing to be stable in the fourth quarter. Sales realizations for liquid packaging board are expected to be somewhat lower due to grade mix, and fiber costs are expected to be higher. Total maintenance expense for the segment will be much lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. As I discussed on our last quarter call, we had an extended planned shutdown at our Longview operation during the third quarter for maintenance and installation of capital equipment. We had a very successful startup of the mill, which was completed during the first week of this month. The mill is running well, and customer response has been very positive. During the fourth quarter, we planned only one mill down for maintenance. That shutdown was completed earlier this month, and that mill is also back up and running well. We expect earnings on our Cellulose Fibers segment to be significantly higher in the fourth quarter compared to the third. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. As shown on Chart 12, during the third quarter, we invested approximately $112 million in capital expenditures in our businesses. This brings our year-to-date expenditures through the third quarter to $271 million, and we still estimate total expenditures for the year, including reforestation, to be approximately $400 million. As reported earlier, we completed the divestiture of our home building business in early July. As a result of the transaction, we retired approximately 59 million shares of our common stock and received cash proceeds of over $700 million during the third quarter. These proceeds, combined with strong cash flow from operations during the quarter, resulted in a cash balance of approximately $1.6 billion as of the end of the third quarter. Chart 13 details significant actions we are taking to deliver on our commitment to return cash to shareholders. In August, the board increased our quarterly cash dividend by 32% to $0.29 per share or $1.16 on an annual basis. Based on the closing stock price at the end of the third quarter, that equates to a 3.6% yield. In August, the board also authorized a $700 million share repurchase program. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 4 million shares, using approximately $130 million, at an average price of $33.63. As a result of the WRECO divestiture and of the share repurchase program, we reduced our outstanding share count during the quarter by over 10%. Now I'll turn the call back to Doyle.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Patty. As many of you have heard me say over the past few months, we are relentlessly focused on performance and capital allocation to grow shareholder value. The pace with which we have begun to execute our share repurchase program illustrates our commitment to disciplined capital allocation. Through our operational excellence initiatives, we remain focused on driving performance to sustainably grow earnings and cash flow and deliver additional value to our shareholders. And now I'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a question on Wood Products. If I look year-to-date, it seems like your third-party sales volumes in lumber and OSB are sort of flat with the first 3 quarters of 2013. And if I think that housing starts are growing, and maybe your operating rates are in the low 90s and you have maybe some room to ratchet them up, is there a reason that your volumes in lumber specifically aren't up more year-over-year? And by that same token, if we do 1.1 million to 1.2 million starts next year, would you expect your volumes to be up in 2015 by a decent amount?
Patricia M. Bedient: Anthony, as we look at our volumes for lumber, I think, year-to-date -- based on year-to-date, we were pretty flat, as you said. But I think that the third quarter, we probably produced a little bit less than what we thought we would. And as we look at 2015, I think that we have the ability to increase with the market, which, as Doyle said, we don't have a real robust outlook for housing starts, although they will continue to improve as we move forward.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then, Doyle, last week, one of your competitors in fluff pulp said it was exploring the possibility of putting their mill system in an MLP structure. And I was wondering, obviously, Weyerhaeuser's a REIT, and the Cellulose Fiber's business is in a TRS. But is the MLP angle something that you've looked at? Or do you have any thoughts you can share on whether this structure might ultimately be appropriate for Cellulose Fibers?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, and that, Anthony, is something we have looked at, and I'll ask Patty to give a little bit more color on that, because she's coordinating that effort for us.
Patricia M. Bedient: Anthony, we are actively looking at the applicability of the structure. As you know, there are a number of uncertainties, and not the least of those is the fact that the IRS has put on pause issuing any additional private letter rulings until they've completed a thorough review of the MLP structure overall. We don't have clarity on when that will be, but we do continue to monitor the situation. And if we think it will add value, we'll move forward with our review. We have consulted our advisers, and we have included their input into our review. As you probably know, a number of years ago, there was a private letter ruling for pulp, but private letter rulings are fact-specific, and technically, can only be relied on by the taxpayer that's making that particular application. And given the fact that the IRS is now undertaking an in-depth review, we don't think it would be prudent to move forward without a ruling. And so we're sort of on pause, waiting to see what happens. We haven't made any decisions one way or the other, but we'll continue to monitor the situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Doyle, Patty. Doyle, the progress that you're making in the Wood Products business is pretty impressive. I wondered if you could give us a sense of where you think the gains are coming from. Is it kind of better commercial performance, just better operating performance, reduced cost? And where do you think you are on a sort of a scale of 1 to 10, in terms of optimizing those wood businesses?
Doyle R. Simons: So Mark, thanks for that comment. And there is a lot of really good work going on in our Wood Products businesses. In terms of the progress we're making, as we've identified, and starting with lumber, we said that we think there's $100 million opportunity there, and as we've previously said, we'll think we'll get $30 million to $40 million of that in 2014. And then part of what we're going to be doing on December 9, Mark, on our Investor Day is being -- laying out more details of what we think the opportunity is and the timing is in that business and our others going forward. In OSB, similarly, we've made some progress there. More work to do, but again we've identified 50 to 60 of operational excellence opportunities, and more work to do there. We will get 5 to 10 of that, we believe, in 2014. In ELP and distribution where we had, in my opinion, and I think most people's opinions, the biggest opportunity to improve. As I said in my comments, very encouraged by the progress we are making in both of those businesses, and we believe we're going to improve. Despite not great housing starts, we think we're going to improve both the EBITDA in both of those businesses by $30 million to $40 million in 2014 versus 2013, and we're on track to do that. I would tell you, Mark, to your exact question, there's still a lot of work to do in both of those businesses and opportunities. With the $30 million to $40 million, the way we think about it proves that we -- or shows that we've earned the right to be in those businesses, and our next step is to show that we can win in those businesses, and part of winning, of course, is earning above cost of capital over the cycle. So good progress there, very encouraged by all the hard work that our employees have done, but still a lot of work to do in both of our ELP and distribution businesses.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And if I could, as a follow-on, just for Patty, even if we assume the rest of the share repurchase were to happen in the fourth quarter, it still looks like you're going to be sitting on over $1 billion of cash. Can you talk to us about how much cash you want to carry going forward? And just thoughts on the use of that residual cash.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Mark. In terms of how much cash we carry, it's a function of where we are in the cycle, it -- we'll use some cash in the first quarter. At least, we hope to use some cash in the first quarter to build some working capital as housing recovers. So that's one place that we're looking. We also are continuing to utilize the share repurchase, as you said. As we look at capital allocation, our priorities for capital allocation, first and foremost, has been returning cash to shareholders. We increased the dividend, as we talked about. Continuing to execute on that share repurchase. And then, we'll also be investing in our businesses in our capital expenditure program. We'll give you a little more color on that when we get to our December Investor Day and then certainly on our earnings call for the fourth quarter. I would expect that may be a little higher than this current year, not a huge magnitude. And then obviously, as we've said before, we're looking to grow our businesses in a disciplined way. Our first priority there would be in Timberlands, but there's no imperative that I have to grow. So we're being very disciplined about looking at all areas where we would utilize that cash. In addition, we do have the credit line that doesn't expire until September of 2018. $1 billion that has not been utilized to this point. So we really feel very good about our opportunities to continue to provide value to shareholders as we go forward. So it's a nice place to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Doyle, I guess my first question, maybe this is under the category of "no good deed goes unpunished." I mean, you've done quite well in Wood Products, Mark was noting that in his Q&A. If we look at Slide 7 of your deck, we generally see product prices that are flat to higher on average than where they were last year, OSB maybe being an exception there. We know the progress that you're making in cost reductions and operational excellence. So I was just curious why, if I heard you correctly, fourth quarter guidance and EBIT for Wood will be flat year-on-year, not to mention the progress you've already made this year-to-date? And then I had a couple of follow-ons.
Doyle R. Simons: George, I would say, just from a seasonal perspective, as you know, the fourth quarter is the slowest seasonal period. So that's going to have some pick on -- impact on our performance in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. If you look year-over-year, we have made improvements, as you've said, and part of the year-over-year will be impacted by sales realizations. We'll -- it remains to be seen what happens in the quarter. I will tell you, currently, lumber prices are down roughly $10 in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. OSB, down roughly $5 in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. But part of it, of course, will be, if you look at pricing on the chart that you refer to, specifically in OSB, if you look at it year-over-year levels, pricing will be down fairly significantly in OSB fourth quarter of 2014 versus fourth quarter of 2013. So we'll see how that plays out for the balance of the year, but that's the biggest driver of what's going on.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and that's fair. We appreciate the thought. If we switch gears a little bit, but still within Wood Products, and I recognize, again, this is probably going to be something you'll talk more about in detail on December 9, can you give us a little bit of a flavor in terms of what kinds of investments you're making within the mills? Is it similar to what you did at your former shop in terms of automation and improvement of yield? But -- can you give us a little bit more color there? And then, my follow-on, and I'll turn it over, again, you're clearly getting improvement in SG&A, at least in terms of the numbers that we are seeing across the segment. Do you worry at all that with the cost reductions, and you're on target for your $75 million, that at some point in time, that begins to impact negatively your ability to be commercially more effective within Wood Products, i.e., you cut a little bit too much on the cost side, cut into the bone?
Doyle R. Simons: Thanks, George, for the questions. So in terms of what we're doing in investment in our Wood Products businesses, George, those are specific investments that will be made to lower our costs. This is proven technology that's in place in some of our mills, and we will be extending that to additional mills. But again, the key focus is on investments, improving technology that are focused on lowering costs. This is technology that we are comfortable with, we know how to put it in and are confident as we implement these capital expenditures that we will ultimately get the cost reduction associated with that. In terms of the SG&A, as I said earlier, we are on track to achieve the $75 million cost-reduction initiatives in SG&A. With that said, I am not worried at all about that cutting into the bone, as you said, in Wood Products. These are cost-reduction initiatives across the entire organization, and we are making sure that we are still very well positioned from a commercial standpoint and able to do what is necessary to service our customers going forward. So no concern regarding that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Doyle, with all of the work on operational improvement, do you think we're going to see a faster rate of growth in profits in REIT income or TRS income over the next, say, 12 and 24 months, assuming housing continues the slow recovery?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, as you know, we are looking at operational excellence across the entire organization, in our Timberlands business as well as our manufacturing businesses, and we've laid out specific targets for both. We've given an update on where we are on each of those for 2014 versus 2013. And we'll, as I said, in December 9, be giving more clarity on what 2015 looks like. So I think there's opportunity, Mark, and clearly on the REIT assets, on the Timberland, and encouraged by the progress we're making there, and there's also opportunities on the manufacturing side, both in Wood Products and Cellulose Fiber. If you look at it just from a dollar basis in terms of what we've laid out and add it up, the bigger numbers are, of course, in Wood Products and Cellulose Fibers combined, compared with the Timberland business, but we're focused on operational excellence across into -- our entire organization including, as you'd -- as we just alluded to, the $75 million of SG&A.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. And just one more question. How much of the improvement that we saw in engineered wood this quarter was attributable to lower OSB prices? And should we assume that, that division has already seen the full benefits of the decline we've seen so far?
Doyle R. Simons: So only a minor part, Mark, of the -- of what you saw in the ELP was a result of the lower OSB prices. And yes, you should assume -- we'll see what happens to OSB prices from this point forward, but yes, you should assume most of that benefit has played through the system.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Langton with JPMorgan.
Tyler J. Langton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, just given things where housing starts are and where southern sawlog prices are and just with your thoughts on sort of housing starts for 2015, could you share some thoughts, I guess, on the type of harvest growth you may be planning for in the West and the South as we look out to 2015?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. No, on the southern harvest, we have kind of been expecting, as we've talked to you about, a slow, steady increase in southern sawlog pricing for 2014. And that's generally what we've seen, up 3% to 4%. We continue to have consistent demand from our customers. So we're not planning, at this time, any type of deferral as we look into 2015. We'll continue to keep a close eye on market conditions. Just in terms of how we think about our harvest overall, what we look at is the financial maturity of -- and the expected market demand, and those are the factors that we use to build our harvest plans going forward, and we're working on those for 2015. We also, as you know and we've talked about, have the ability to flex some during a year and during a specific quarter. And you saw some of that earlier this year as we capitalized on stronger export prices in the first half of 2014 and 2015. And we'll continue to hopefully capitalize on those opportunities in 2015 and beyond.
Tyler J. Langton - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just on the Wood Products side, I don't know if you could kind of quantify the type of volume declines you're looking for in the fourth quarter. And then, I mean, is this -- are these declines just sort of typical seasonal declines? Or are they driven by, I guess, a greater-than-expected drop in demand at all?
Doyle R. Simons: No, these -- what we are talking about, Tyler, is just your typical seasonal-type slowdown in the fourth quarter. As Patty said in her comments, the fourth quarter is typically the slowest seasonal period from a Wood Products perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe tagging on, on the question of kind of 2015 outlook, and again, I appreciate we'll get more either in December or January, but given the housing outlook that you put out for 2015, how do you think that affects the trajectory of sawlog pricing in the South? Do you think it's kind of more of the same? Do you see any chance for acceleration?
Doyle R. Simons: Gail, our best guess on southern sawlog pricing is we will continue to see slow, steady improvement. I think the range we gave on housing, 1.1 million to 1.2 million; at the upper end of that range, I think you could see maybe an acceleration in pricing in southern sawlog, even above the 3% to 4% that we anticipate for 2014. If it's at the lower end of that rage, then maybe it's more in the 3%, 4%, 5% range that we've seen for -- or we anticipate for 2014 versus 2013. So that's our kind of best guess on southern sawlogs in the near term.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And can you give a little more color on what you're seeing in terms of the log export markets? How severe do you think the inventory situation is in China? How long do you think it would take to normalize? And x the timing of volumes to Japan, can you give us a sense of kind of the underlying trend in Japan, particularly relative to -- has it fully worked through the consumption tax at this point?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Gail. This is Patty. As we think about China, as I've said, inventories are still at higher-than-normal levels, and the takeaway is going a little slower than probably what we would have expected last quarter when we were on the call. But they are working their way through. That'll probably take through the rest of this quarter. So we don't anticipate any significant change in direction for the quarter other than what I talked about earlier. In Japan, I think that, stepping back from that, too, you'd have to say there's the Japanese market overall, but then there's also the customers that we have. And the customers that we have worked with, as you know, for some of them well over 20 years, are really talking to us about making sure that they get the volume that they need to support their operations. So they're large customers. They have very efficient supply chains, both in terms of the supply for logs, but importantly as well, how they merchandise lumber in Japan. So volumes in Japan, as I said, are primarily down because of timing. We had a little better shipments in the third quarter, as Doyle talked about in his remarks. So we are still confident in our Japan volumes, although pricing will be impacted as we go forward based upon what things do overall. But we do expect our realizations to Japan for this quarter to be up a little bit because we'll have a little bit higher freight to Japan, relative.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And on engineered wood, do you think the volume you saw in the third quarter is reflective of kind of the underlying market? Or was it depressed due to payback from the outside strength in the second quarter?
Doyle R. Simons: I think, the -- we clearly saw, as we indicated after the second quarter -- or on the second quarter call, Gail, some pre-buying in the second quarter, due to the price increase that went in late in the second quarter in our engineered wood business. So I think maybe if you average the 2, that would probably be kind of the normalized rate. But clearly, we had some pre-buying in the second quarter versus the third.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last quick one. Patty, can you possibly quantify, particularly since it seems like you're already done, what the outage expense would be for the fourth quarter in Cellulose?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Gail. As we looked at Cellulose Fibers, if you look at Chart 9, where we detailed the maintenance expense and outage days, so in the third quarter, we had about 38 days of maintenance downtime. We would expect, because we are now complete, that, that would be about 14 days for the fourth quarter. So that's a difference of around 24 days. And as I've said in the past, each day is usually about $1 million. So it's around a $20 million delta from third quarter to fourth quarter, which is the primary difference between our outlook for the fourth quarter as it compares to the third.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Doyle, engineered wood products, could you just talk about how engineered wood is performing in the marketplace relative to lumber in single-family construction? And any progress, if any of those been made, in further penetrating the multifamily end market with engineered wood?
Doyle R. Simons: Sure, so in engineered wood, we continue to be, as I mentioned earlier, about the -- encouraged by the progress that we're making. As you see from our overall shipment numbers, we continue to gain in terms of capturing profitable share going forward. And some of that is coming from multifamily. Still, the -- I don't want to mislead you. The key driver for engineered wood has been and will continue to be single-family, but we have had some successes in moving into multifamily in terms of our engineered wood products.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, at the Analyst Day last year, we talked about the performance in engineered wood and distribution, that it materially improved, and that potentially, those businesses will not be part of the portfolio longer term. Obviously, we've seen very meaningful improvement in those businesses. So are we at a point now where the improvement is enough where we would -- we can say that engineered wood and distribution will be part of Weyerhaeuser for the long term?
Doyle R. Simons: Alex, the way I would answer that is -- and I think I said this earlier, is the $30 million to $40 million was necessary to show that we deserve the right to be in those businesses. I think we are delivering on that. So our next step now is to show that we can win in these businesses, and again, we define winning as showing that we can earn above cost of capital in each of these businesses over a cycle. That's going to take some additional work in each of these businesses going forward, but that's what we're focused on doing, winning both from a cost of capital perspective and showing that we can be the leader in each of these businesses going forward. And that's the way we think about it.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. I mean, just last one on share buybacks. So good to see that happen in the quarter. Should we read into an issue -- in terms of the amount and the timing, is that any sort of potential number that we could see consistently on a go-forward basis? Is that some sort of run rate that we can think about on a go-forward basis that you could -- you can buy back?
Doyle R. Simons: No, what I would read into it is the fact that we are committed to executing this share repurchase plan in a -- on a timely basis. The comment we made when we announced this authorization is this is one we fully anticipated completing on a timely basis. We will report to you, just as we did this quarter, the progress we're making going forward. But I wouldn't read into, just to say we're going to do this amount every quarter based on what we did for half a quarter in third quarter of 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Doyle and Patty, first question is, we've seen a pretty interesting divergence of opinion in the last few weeks. And one way you guys can, of course, buy timber is just by buying your own stock, and it looks like we've seen 2 of your competitors, one step up and pay pretty close to peak prices, I guess, for southern lands, and another of your competitors decided to focus more on, not only maybe being buying back stock, but actually selling land into The Street to buy back stock. And I didn't know if you had an opinion on what you thought of land values. And I'm really thinking of the South at this point, where there seems to be a divergence of opinion, and whether we would see you step up now or hang back?
Doyle R. Simons: So Chip, I think you can look at our actions in terms of the way we think about things. Clearly, as we've already highlighted, we are in the market actively repurchasing our shares. So we are convinced that we are creating value for our shareholders for doing that. In terms of actively buying timberland, there's no doubt that there are lots of opportunities out there to do that in today's market. There's also lots of money chasing those deals. We look at those deals, each and every one of them that comes along. And as we've said before, we're going to be very disciplined in what we actually acquire. And to date, we have not made any acquisitions in the South. The type of transactions we're looking for, again, actions, are the ones that are along the lines of what we did in the Longview acquisition. And you can look at the type of returns that we are generating from that acquisition that we made last year. That's not a South-versus-West statement, Chip. We'd look for -- if the right opportunities are there, that where we think we can grow value for shareholders, we would look at making acquisitions, both in the West and in the South. But we're just going to continue to be very disciplined in the way we look at those potential acquisition opportunities going forward.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. That's very helpful. And just a quick follow-up. Last year, I seem to recall that you all made a point of saying that lumber and OSB were a little bit more strategic and possible areas of growth through acquisition, than say, EWP and distribution. And I just wanted to know if you're still open to making acquisitions if the right thing comes along in those 2 businesses that you've mentioned. And if those other 2 businesses, EWP and distribution, continue to improve, as they've certainly done this year, could they also be areas that maybe in a couple of years you could see growing in?
Doyle R. Simons: Chip, I don't specifically remember making the comment that you just referred to, but let me talk about how we think about acquisitions generally. As we've consistently said, we think our biggest opportunities for acquisitions are going to be in our Timberland business. With that said, if we can add -- find acquisition opportunities in our Wood Products business, or Cellulose Fiber business for that matter, that will result in additional shareholder value, that's something we would look at. Now we don't feel compelled to grow any of our businesses. But again, if we can find bolt-on type acquisitions in Wood Products or Cellulose Fibers that we think add value for shareholders, that's something we would potentially consider. But again, we think our biggest opportunities for acquisition will be in our Timberland business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of cleanups. In engineered wood, can you please tell us what your operating rate was in the quarter? And what you expect it to be in 2015?
Doyle R. Simons: The operating rate in the third quarter, Steve, continued to be in the mid-7 range -- so roughly 70%- to 75%-type range operating rates in EWP in the third quarter. And we'll see what happens to housing. But I don't think that number will -- so I would anticipate, if housing continues to improve, that number could go up going forward.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes, and I was going to say, given that housing has kind of underwhelmed over the last couple of years, is it appropriate to budget your production to the lower end of that 1.1 million to 1.2 million range? Maybe particularly with respect to OSB?
Doyle R. Simons: Well, yes. OSB is a different story, of course. And what I would tell you in OSB is we took 20 days of downtime in the third quarter. And in the fourth quarter, we would anticipate higher amounts of downtime due to normal seasonal factors, holiday season and some maintenance and capital projects that are going in place in terms of OSB in the fourth quarter.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Great. The final question, with respect to your understanding of MLPs, is converting logs into lumber panels in EWP also eligible? Or is it just for pulp-based businesses?
Patricia M. Bedient: Steve, as I said before, that the IRS has a project, a very complete project that they've undertaken, and it seems they're taking even a little bit longer than maybe what was anticipated when they announced the project, which was back towards the beginning of this year. So I think it's difficult to know, really, where they'll come out on their deliberations. What we do know, as I said before, was a number of years ago, they did have a ruling on pulp. But whether or not they will modify that ruling and application going forward, and whether or not they would say anything about the other businesses is still yet to be known. So tough to give you any more clarity. I wish we all had a little more clarity at this point, but that's sort of what we know as we sit here today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I too, like George, was looking at Chart 7, where you had Wood Products volumes and pricing. And I had something of a different question, and that's the lumber, engineered wood and if we threw plywood on here, it'd be the same. Prices have been pretty good over the last 1.5 years. Obviously, OSB has been a very different story. There was a lot of restarts last year, but that was a while ago. Any thoughts as to why it's taking so long for OSB to regain its footing and what needs to happen for the markets to get into balance and more profitable?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, I think you said it right. There was significant additional supply that came online, I think in anticipation of maybe stronger housing starts than we've seen occur in the 2014-type time frame. So I think it's a simple supply-and-demand equation that appears to be out of balance currently, and that's what has resulted in the current pricing environment.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Do you think there are any structural impediments, though, to regaining balance? Because I'm not sure the operating rates in engineered wood are higher, or for that matter in gypsum, than in OSB. It just seems to be that the market struggles to adjust to the demand situation. Any thoughts as to what impediments might be in place?
Doyle R. Simons: No, Mark, I don't think there are any long-term structural impediments. OSB tends to be very volatile, as you very well know, over a cycle, and I think we're just in one of those periods of low pricing currently.
Patricia M. Bedient: One thing I would say, Mark, that's different in the 2 technologies. OSB, when capacity comes on the market, comes on in pretty big chunks, and people seek to run those mills 24/7 because of the type of operation that they are. So I think when new capacity starts up, as we saw a number of mills earlier this year, it takes a longer time for the market to absorb it if the housing doesn't recover as quickly as I think what people anticipated as we started the year. So I think I would point to that as the difference between the 2 technologies. Lumber, similarly, also is a more fragmented business that capacity comes on in smaller chunks than what OSB does.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Fair enough. And certainly, I realize it's not your job to be prognosticating on price actions, et cetera, but given your housing starts forecast for next year, is it feasible that OSB gets into balance? Or do you think we're still a ways away?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, I think, as we move through 2015 and housing continues to improve, I think they're in the range that we laid out. You could see an environment -- and again, we're not prognosticators of pricing and we'll leave that to others, but I think you could see a point where that is more in balance going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, just following up on, I think, Chip's question on Timberland transactions and trying to get your viewpoint about your actions. If you could give us a little bit more color on your nonstrategic Timberland sales, where are those happening? Is it more West-based than South? And in terms of transaction values, are you seeing a steady increase over the last year?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, so we have those in both the West and the South. I'll give you an example of one that was in the third quarter. It happened to be in Oklahoma. It was a tract that was roughly 760 acres, and it sold for $14,000-plus per acre. So that's an example of what we see occurring out in the marketplace right now. So some of it's truly nonstrategic, some of it's more HBU-type land, and that's what we've seen going on, and we think will continue to be opportunities for us going forward.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and just getting back to the Q4 outlook on lower lumber and OSB pricing. Just specifically on the OSB side, it looks like those prices bottomed out in September, and we've seen, depending on the region, about anywhere from 10% to 14% price lifts since that point. What's your level of confidence that prices will be lower quarter-over-quarter?
Doyle R. Simons: Again, we're not better than anybody else in predicting what's going to happen on prices. The number that I referenced earlier is, if you look at third quarter average versus October-to-date prices, October-to-date is down roughly $5 for our overall mix. So that's to give you some sense of where we are today. Now again, that third quarter average, you referenced end of the third quarter, but if you look at third quarter average versus October-to-date, that's where we ended up.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Your final question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James.
Collin Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of cleanups here. Just kind of a follow-up to Gail's question on Japan. You mentioned that you're seeing better realizations in 4Q due to mix. How are like comparable-quality log prices? Are they still falling in that market? Or are you actually starting to see some stabilization and lift on kind of an apples-to-apples basis there?
Patricia M. Bedient: I would say that Japan is stable as it relates to price, overall. And as I said, both in terms of the volume to Japan, we are also very pleased with the customer relationships that we have that really are focused on making sure that they have adequate supply of Douglas fir logs in order to supply their large operations.
Collin Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, Patty. And then, as far as the Cellulose Fibers guidance for 4Q, could you see, as far as from an earnings contribution, a bounce back all the way to what you saw in 2Q? Or is it probably going to fall out somewhere between what we had saw in 3Q and -- I'm sorry, between 2Q and 3Q?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, I think, as you look at that, the major difference between the third quarter and the fourth quarter is going to be that roughly $20 million of maintenance expense that I referenced when Gail asked her question. There are some puts and takes and other -- I said liquid packaging realizations will be down. Pulp pricing should be pretty stable. But the major difference between the 2 is that -- 2 quarters, is that $20 million of maintenance.
Collin Mings - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, Patty. And then just one last big-picture question, Doyle, and kind of a follow-up to both Chip's and Paul's questions. Just given the strong bid for timberland right now, have you thought about just becoming more aggressive as far as capital recycling within the Timberland business? More specifically, are there certain wood baskets in the U.S. South that you want to try and get more aggressive in and have a bigger presence in, and maybe exit some of the regions you are in now? Because just looking at your footprint in the region, there are some areas in states where you have a pretty large concentration, and then some other areas where we're seeing arguably a little bit better signs of a price recovery in sawlogs that you're not in. So are you looking at kind of shifting some capital around within Timberland from that perspective?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, that's a good question. And as you, I think, know, and as we've talked about before, we're always looking to improve through trading and buying and selling the overall quality of our timberlands. And some of that may include, as you alluded to, potentially getting in markets maybe that we're not in, although we're in most of the markets currently. So those are things that we are [Audio Gap] to consider going forward. With that said, we have, as you know, a pretty good footprint in terms of -- both in the South and in the West in terms of where our strategic timberland is located. And we're convinced that through growing and harvesting trees on that strategic timberland, we're going to be able to drive value for our shareholders going forward. But we're always looking to improve the overall quality of our timberland base, and I think we've had some success in doing that historically, and we'll continue to look at opportunities to do that going forward. So as I understand it, that was our final question. As we wrap up this morning's call, I want to just remind everybody that we will be holding an investor meeting on December 9. That's going to be at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York. Our business leaders will be participating in that meeting. We're looking forward to that meeting, and we look forward to seeing each of you there. So with that, thanks, everybody, for joining in on the call this morning, and we thank you for your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Denise Merle – SVP, Human Resources and IR Doyle Simons – President and CEO Patty Bedient – EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Anthony Pettinari – Citi Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners Gail Glazerman – UBS Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets Mark Connelly – CLSA George Staphos – Bank of America Steve Chercover – DA Davidson Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets Collin Mings – Raymond James 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brad, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I now like to turn the call over to Denise Merle, Senior VP of Human Resources and Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma’am.
Denise Merle: Thank you, Brad. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s second quarter 2014 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com, our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in earnings materials on our website. On the call with me this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; Patty Bedient, Chief Financial Officer and Beth Baum, Director of Investor Relations. I will now turn the call over to Doyle Simons.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Denise and good morning everyone. Weyerhaeuser delivered a solid earnings performance in the second quarter driven by very strong results in each of our businesses and reflecting our employees’ relentless focus on operational excellence. This morning we reported second quarter net earnings of $280 million or $0.47 per diluted share on net sales from continuing operations of $2 billion. Excluding discontinued operations and special items, we earned $234 million or $0.40 per diluted share. This is an increase of nearly 65% compared with the first quarter and almost 30% compared with one year ago. Special items in the quarter included an ongoing gain from a change to the post retirement health plan and restructuring charges associated with our SG&A cost reductions. Earnings associated with Weyerhaeuser real-estate company RICO are being reported as discontinued operations as a result of the divestiture of that business on July 7. I would like to thank the Weyerhaeuser and RICO employees for their hard work in completing this transaction. As part of the RICO transaction, we retired nearly 59 million common shares worth over $1.9 billion. These retirements which will be reflected in our third quarter share count more than offset the common shares issued in conjunction with last year’s Longview Timber acquisition. I will begin the discussion of our business results with some brief comments about market conditions. Severe winter weather earlier this year dampened the start of the spring building season and the U.S. housing market recovery remained sluggish with total housing start up only 6% in the first half of 2014 compared with 2013. Rising employment and strong consumer confidence support our expectation of further housing market improvements. However, we have lowered our 2014 housing outlook as a result of the weaker market during the first half of the year and are now planning for between 1 million and 1.1 million starts. The bottom line is we believe that residential housing markets will continue to improve but at a slower rate than it had been previously anticipated. Let me now turn to our business segments starting with Timberlands, charts 3 to 5. Timberlands posted another outstanding quarter contributing $170 million to earnings. In the West, we experienced steady demand in our domestic markets, our realizations from Western domestic logs declined. Although overall Chinese demand softened somewhat during the quarter as a result of elevated inventory to support our sales volumes to our customers increased compared with the first quarter and our pricing remained comparable. As anticipated, Japanese demand weakened in the second quarter due to the effect of the increased consumption tax. Western logging and road cost increased seasonally as we log our higher elevations in the summer months when snow is not present. We remain extremely pleased with the performance of our Longview Timber acquisition which contributed $51 of EBITDA in the quarter. In the South, sea harvest volumes declined due to wet weather and log prices rose by approximately 1% compared with the first quarter. Second quarter also included $24 million from dispositions of non-strategic Timberlands an increase of $20 million compared with the first quarter. The Timberlands segment continues to benefit from operational excellence initiatives including reduction and stomp to customer logging cost and increased extraction of export quality logs. Wood products charts 6 and 7, wood products earned $102 million in the second quarter, an improvement of nearly 60% compared with the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $132 million compared with $93 million in the first quarter and sales volumes increased seasonally across all our product lines. In lumber, EBITDA improved by $9 million as high sales volumes due to improved weather and seasonality were partially offset by lower average price realizations. Lumber manufacturing costs continued to decline as a result of our operational excellence initiative which are focused on lowering our costs net of logs. In OSB, EBITDA was flat as lower realizations were offset by growth and enhanced products and improved productivity. Results for engineered wood products improved significantly compared with first quarter as EBITDA increased nearly fourfold to $30 million. Sales volumes increased more than 25% for solid section products and nearly 40% for TGI Joists, and average realizations for both products rose slightly. The business also benefited from lower manufacturing costs compared with the prior quarter as a result of operational excellence initiatives and the successful ramp-up of the evergreen Alabama mill. Our distribution business reported EBITDA of $3 million in the second quarter, an improvement of $8 million. The business remains focused on lowering cost and improving sales and margins. We’re extremely pleased with the progress that our engineered wood products and distribution businesses made against their operational excellence targets in the quarter. Cellulose fibers, chart 8 and 9, cellulose fibers earned $91 million, a substantial increased compared with $54 million in the first quarter. Fluff realizations were strong and maintenance cost declined due to fewer schedule maintenance outage dates. The business had another excellent quarter operationally and set a year-to-date record for productivity. Discontinued operations, chart 11. As I indicated in my opening remarks, results from our real-estate business are now reported as discontinued operations. Second quarter results include after-tax earnings of $22 million from discontinued operations compared with $10 million in the first quarter. The improvement was primarily due to a seasonal increase in home closings. At the end of the second quarter, we clearly identified all planned cost reductions associated with our SG&A initiative. Implementation is ongoing and we incurred an additional $6 million of restructuring charges in the quarter relating to this initiative. I’m highly confident we will reach our $75 million run rate reduction target by the end of the year. I will now turn it over to Patty to discuss our third quarter outlook.
Patty Bedient: Thanks Doyle, and good morning everybody. The housing recovery thus far in 2014 has been slower than anticipated. However, this week’s better than expected forecast on GDP growth for the remainder of the year was welcome news. The outlook for the third quarter earnings is summarized on chart 12, and I’ll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the west, export log realizations and volumes are expected to decline as a result of normal seasonal softening. The Japan market is normally weaker during the summer months as a result of rainy weather. In addition to the normal seasonality, the Japanese lumber market has been adversely affected by the implementation of the consumption tax increase. High log inventories at Chinese courts will also likely result in lower demand and prices. Domestic log markets are anticipated to be weaker as well during the third quarter. Softer export markets combined with the increased supply of logs that typically come to market during the third quarter from the smaller non-industrial private land owners who do not have adequate road systems to harvest on year round basis are expected to exert downward pressure on prices. As a result in anticipation of the softer markets in the third quarter, we intentionally accelerated harvest into the first half of this year. For these reasons, we anticipate a lower fee harvest in the west in the third quarter compared to the second. Supply constraints as a result of fire related logging restrictions could result in some upward price pressure in certain markets especially in Oregon. In the third quarter we also expect seasonal increases in western road costs. In the south, we expect that fee harvest will increase as some harvest in the second quarter was delayed due to wet weather. In addition, we typically perform more of our spending activity on the third quarter, which increases volumes and lowers the average realizations due to mix. We are also anticipating higher cost due to seasonal increase in silvicultural activities. Earnings from non-strategic land sales should also decrease compared to the higher levels of the second quarter. We expect that overall earnings in our Timberland segment will be significantly lower in the third quarter compared to the second but comparable to the third quarter of last year. In wood products, we expect that sales realizations will be down slightly for both lumber and OSB with relatively consistent volumes. Sales realizations for engineered lumber will be up as a result of price increases that were effective as of the beginning of this quarter. Engineered lumber volumes could be somewhat lower due to orders that may have been called forward into the second quarter as a result of the announced price increase. Log cost in the west should decrease in the quarter and also in Canada to a larger extent. Housing demand has been more muted than expected, however our inventories continue to be in great shape across our system. And our continued focus on cost reduction and operating efficiencies continues to benefit all businesses. We expect that earnings in the third quarter in the wood product segment will be comparable to the second quarter. In Cellulose Fibers, global softwood inventories as beginning of this quarter were in good shape at a couple of days below normal. We do see some softening in paper grade especially into China and we expect that inventory levels will return to normal during the quarter. Fluff demand globally remains healthy and our order books are full. The most significant change in our Cellulose Fibers business in the third quarter will be an extended planned outage at our Longview liquid packaging operation. We will be completing a number of capital improvements that have been planned for some time. These include upgrades to the press section, evaporators, digester and head-box. The improvements will lower energy and fiber costs and increase the quality of the board and product mix. Although the outage will result in increased maintenance cost, our sales volumes will be only somewhat lower as we have been building inventory in anticipation of this outage and we have had excellent year-to-date operating reliability. In addition to the liquid packaging outage, we will also have increased plan maintenance in our port mill system compared to the second quarter. Overall, we expect that earnings in our sale of fiber segment will be significantly lower in the third quarter compared to the second quarter and more comparable to the first quarter of this year. Our real-estate results have been restated for all periods to show RICO operations has discontinued. At the end of the second quarter, our balance sheet was grossed up for funds RICO borrowed in anticipation of the transaction. Both the cash and the debt are included in discontinued operations as of June 30 and were eliminated after the end of the quarter when the divestiture was completed. As previously announced, we closed the divestiture on July 7. As a result, our share count was reduced by approximately 59 million shares bringing our current share count to just under 530 million. In addition, we received over $700 million in cash. Our third quarter results will show a gain on the divestiture of approximately $1 billion. Chart 10 summarizes the unallocated items for the second quarter. In the third quarter we expect that we will once again have a special item for the pretax gain of approximately $45 million related to an earlier post retirement health plan amendment which we are amortizing ratably over the year. Other ongoing unallocated items are difficult to forecast, as they are driven by changes in foreign exchange, share price and inventory levels. Chart 13 summarizes certain financial items. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $845 million, an increase of almost $70 million. There was no change to our long-term debt of just under $4.9 billion and we have no maturities until 2017. As of the end of the second quarter, we had year-to-date capital expenditures including reforestation of $159 million and we still expect the total for the year to approximate $400 million. Now I’ll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Patty. Through the RICO divestiture and Longview Timber acquisition we have positioned Weyerhaeuser as a focused force products company with a productive asset base and significant runway for earnings growth and cash generation. Our strong second quarter results reflect our employee’s commitment to operational excellence. And we remain focused on driving superior returns from our assets to generate value for our shareholders. Thank you. And now I would like to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Anthony Pettinari – Citi: Good morning.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Anthony.
Patty Bedient: Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari – Citi: I had a couple of questions in Wood Products. In engineered wood products it looks like you’ve got $20 million of EBITDA improvement year-to-date. And I believe that you had the $30 million to $40 million target for the year. And given the progress thus far, do you feel like maybe you’ll be at the top end of that range? Is there maybe potential upside to that target? And then, also for the three main businesses within wood products, I was wondering if you could share what your operating rates were in the quarter?
Doyle Simons: So, let’s start with your first question and in our ELP business, Anthony, we were very encouraged by the progress we made in the quarter. As you referenced, we went from $8 million of EBITDA to $30 million, from $8 million of EBITDA in the first quarter to $30 million of EBITDA in the second quarter. Also as you referenced, our commitment was to improve EBITDA in that business by $30 million to $40 million in 2014 versus 2013. And we think we’re well on the way to doing that, that’s the commitment we’re going to work to get as much earnings out of that business as we can get in 2014. And like I said, we’re encouraged about the progress we made to date. In terms of operating rates, if you will start with lumber, lumber operating rates were in the low 90%. OSB, was approximately 90% and then ELP overall and as you know that the mixture of products was in mid-70s in terms of operating rates for that business.
Anthony Pettinari – Citi: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then just a follow-up maybe on Cellulose Fibers. The project in liquid packaging board, is that going to result in any material increase in capacity or is it just a cost measure?
Patty Bedient: Anthony, the most important part of that project is cost reduction and quality improvement. We will get some increased capacity maybe in the around 10% range but that project really was done to lower our energy and our fiber cost and as I said improved the product quality.
Anthony Pettinari – Citi: Okay, that’s helpful. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Thank you. Just following up a little bit on the liquid packaging and the Cellulose Fibers, can you give us a sense as to roughly how much the outages, are going to impact the third quarter relative to the second quarter?
Doyle Simons: Sure Mark. As we indicated in the comments, we anticipate earnings will be lower in the third quarter versus the second quarter in Cellulose Fiber. And that is primarily if not wholly driven by the outages. Just to quantify it a little bit, we think the Longview liquid packaging outage will result in roughly $30 million of the impact. And as we also said we have additional outages compared to the prior quarter in our port mills. And that would be another $5 million to $10 million impact on the third quarter versus the second quarter.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Great. And then, is it fair to say that when you come out of it the other end, you not only get that back but presumably from the project, picking the liquid packaging, you hopefully have even higher earnings power assuming pricing and markets are similar. And any way to give us a feel for the type of returns or earning enhancement that you might get from the project?
Doyle Simons: Well, as Patty alluded to Mark, the project will do three things, improve quality, lower cost and then have roughly 10%, over time it will take a little bit time to get there but 10% improvement in production. So, all those things will factor in. We won’t provide a specific number but clearly the reason for doing that project is to drive additional earnings in cash out of our liquid packaging board operation.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you and congratulations for the evidence of continued operational improvement.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Yes, good morning Doyle and congratulations on a great quarter.
Doyle Simons: Thanks Chip.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: I wanted to ask you about distribution, I know that it seemed like in the first quarter hadn’t really turned much of a quarter but on the numbers I see here, it looks like you went from something like $16 million EBITDA loss from the first half of ‘13 to $2 million loss in the first half of ‘14. So, it may not be – it may not have arrived yet, but it looks like if the needle is moving in the right direction, do you still think you’ll get to your goals for the year or have your feelings about the business changed any in the last three to six months?
Doyle Simons: So, we’re very encouraged about the progress we’ve made in distribution Chip. And as you will recall, the objective there is to improve earnings about $30 million to $40 million. In that business versus 2013, we think we’re absolutely on track to do that. I can tell you there is a real focus on continuing to grow profitable share, making sure our cost are at the target levels. And I’ll just tell you we’re encouraged as now more than half of our sites are in fact profitable and we see more and more of those becoming profitable as we move forward. So again very – lots of work to do as you mentioned but very encouraged by the progress that’s been made over the past couple of quarters.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And then on the $1 billion gain on RICO, is the early tax impact on that that we should anticipate in the third quarter?
Patty Bedient: No Chip, that transaction as we talked about was done in a reverse more structure. And that is one of the benefits of that structure is there is a tax on that gain.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: I see, and then lastly, just on the dividend at this point, I would imagine with $700 million plus coming in from RICO and with the strong results and I know the third quarter is not going to be quite a repeat. But with the lower share count, is that something that you guys are thinking about in the near-term in terms of bringing?
Doyle Simons: So, Chip, as we previously disclosed, we’re going to be visiting with our board in mid-August regarding the dividend, potentially use of cash proceeds and those types of things. Just to remind you and everybody else, as we think about capital allocation and what our financial priorities are, as you know, first and foremost is returning cash to shareholders primarily through a growing dividend but also about share repurchase where appropriate. Second, is investing our business to high return projects. And then, just as you heard on sale this morning, then improved cost structure and our margin and of course we’ll also look for opportunities to grow our business through value creating acquisitions. Again, an example there would be Longview. And then, finally, making sure we maintain the appropriate capital structure. And as you know we’re in good shape on that front. So that’s the way we think about it and again we’ll read back to you in mid-August.
Chip Dillon – Vertical Research Partners: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Hi, good morning.
Patty Bedient: Good morning, Gail.
Doyle Simons: Good morning, Gail.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Maybe going back to engineered wood for a little bit, the volume growth that you had relative to the comments about housing maybe not picking up as quickly as you thought and given how much engineered wood is driven by housing. I mean, what do you think of your volumes, were you picking up share, was there an inventory build or do you think that volume has actually been used?
Doyle Simons: I think there are a couple of things that were happening. Or I’m guessing there were a couple of things that were happening there. I think first as we mentioned Gail, there is a price increase going into effect, and first is third quarter. So, I think there might have been some pull forward in terms of buying in the second quarter versus the third quarter. So I think that’s part of the equation. I will also tell you as I mentioned earlier, we had a very focused sales effort in that business and I’m encouraged by the progress we’re making there. So, I think our sales folks did a really good job of growing profitable share in that business in the second quarter as well.
Patty Bedient: And Gail, as Doyle referenced in his remarks, we did bring up the ever green Alabama facility so all of our engineered wood products facilities now are operating. And so that came up starting shipping product in May so we’ll have it for the full quarter in the third quarter.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. And going, and looking at Cellulose Fiber, was there anything in the second quarter result that you wouldn’t view as sustainable, I mean, I was wondering, it is your best quarter since 2011, pricing reported didn’t move dramatically. I’m just wondering, kind of what you think of that upside?
Patty Bedient: Well, probably the thing that drove the upside the most was just outstanding operational performance across the Cellulose Fibers system. And I think that all of the hard work that they’ve been doing is paying off and I would look to that being sustainable and repeatable as we go forward.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. And looking at the Japanese market, I guess what trends did you see moving through the quarter obviously the tax went up at the start of the quarter? Were things still getting worse or they’re stable, just how do you see that market?
Patty Bedient: Are you talking primarily on logs?
Gail Glazerman – UBS: The logs market, yes.
Patty Bedient: So, we had thought that it would be impacted we started to see some impact in the second quarter and that continued into the third quarter. It’s a little difficult to tell for sure because as I mentioned, the third quarter is normally seasonally weaker. But I think the latest news that we’ve heard just earlier this week was that the Japanese government is thinking that the impact of the consumption task, now this is broadly was not as significant as many once thought. And that it is starting to come up and they see more activity towards the second half of the year. But we’ll have to see. But certainly it is softer in the third quarter.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. And just one last question, your Timberlands guidance for the quarter, can you give the sense of what type of land sale activity might be incorporated in that?
Doyle Simons: So, share it.
Patty Bedient: It’s about – it will be lower than the second quarter as we mentioned, it will probably be somewhere around $8 million to $10 million lower than the second quarter.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Doyle Simons: Good morning Alex.
Patty Bedient: Good morning.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Couple of questions, starting off, engineered wood products. Can you put a little bit more meat around how much you think pre-buy may have contributed to the volume number in the second quarter? I guess we’re now through July kind of looking at how the divine trends were in EWP in July. Does that sort of give you any incremental insight into how much pre-buy there was in the second quarter?
Doyle Simons: Well, it is always difficult to assess pre-buy, I would tell you our activity in the month of July continued to be good. So, I would tell you there are some – there clearly was some pre-buy in the month, in the second quarter. But we didn’t see just a dramatic fall-off in July so we continue to be encouraged by those markets and our sales efforts in those markets.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s very helpful Doyle. And then, when you talk about share, so taking share in the EWP, is that again just traditional lumber or would that be against other players in the EWP market?
Doyle Simons: And again, it’s hard to know exactly what happens on shares because we don’t see all the different information. But really what we’re talking about when we talk about profitable growth is just growing the ELP business overall. And there are some coming out of saw logs maybe but that’s not specifically what we’re talking – when I say I didn’t mean all of it, some of it coming out of lumber, possibly but that’s not really what we’re referring to.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Okay, understood. And then, just one last one, Patty, on the corporate line, just from a modeling perspective, so, is it really just zero to minus 5 an then everything else is kind of noise around like you said currency and inventories and some of the other things as well on that line?
Patty Bedient: Yes, Alex, as I mentioned, it is difficult to forecast. And that’s one of the reasons why when we put this information together we’ve started putting that chart 10 together for you just so you can see what it looks like in the number of things that move around. So, if for us, the foreign exchange really is a function of the Canadian exchange rate. So as that moves, our share based comp certainly you can track that with the stock price. And then, there are just a whole lot of other stuff that goes in there. This quarter, and as we go forward, the other thing that we are focused on is lowering our G&A but we will have some costs on a go forward basis that were historically allocated to the RICO business. And we are focused on making those costs lower as well. But you may see some choppiness as a result of that as we work through the G&A cost.
Alex Ovshey – Goldman Sachs: Okay, got you. All right, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Patty Bedient: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with BMO Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, Doyle, good morning, Patty.
Patty Bedient: Good morning, Mark.
Doyle Simons: Good morning Mark. Good to hear you.
Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: Good to be here. I wondered if you guys could talk a little bit about just this shift that we’ve seen over the last year and where your log exports are going because it’s been a pretty marked drop off in the proportion of the volume that goes to Japan and about a 20% to 40% in terms of the growth in what’s going to China?
Patty Bedient: Sure Mark. It really is a function of not Japan getting smaller but the China market growing. And so, as you think about the percentage of the pie to those markets, it moves around. What we’re really focused on is growing the pie, and Japan continues to be an extremely good market and important market to us. But what’s moving that really is more growth in the China market in terms of incremental growth.
Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: And Patty, does that, should that change sort of your average just realization in your export log prices, because my understanding is always that China doesn’t buy as high priced of log as what goes into the Japanese market?
Patty Bedient: Yes, that’s fair Mark. From a mixed perspective, you will see the average realization come down. But you will still see a spread between the specific China log compared to the Japanese log.
Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: Yes. And how would you think about that spread right now?
Patty Bedient: It’s closing a little bit but they’re both – both of them have come down in the quarter as we talked about. So I don’t know that the spread is changing all that much.
Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Just a couple of other quick ones. Doyle can you talk a little bit about how you would think about both investments and/or acquisitions outside of Timberlands, say in the Wood Products area? And then can you give us a little color on that joint venture you announced with Pioneer? Doyle Simons: Okay. In terms of the way we look at acquisition opportunities in wood products, Mark. We will, as we’ve said, we would be interested in potentially growing our wood products business but we’re going to be very disciplined. We’re not going to grow those businesses just for the sake of growing. And if we find one-off opportunities that something we would consider, but our primary focus in our wood products business is we’ve said, it’s just running on what we have better. And that’s what we’re focused on doing every day.
Patty Bedient: Mark, I think you’re referencing the licensing that we did on some of our technology IP international intellectual property. And I think it’s an important recognition of the importance and the strength of our intellectual property. But I will tell you that it’s not a meaningful increase in terms of our quarterly results.
Mark Wilde – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Very good. That’s helpful. Good luck in the second half of the year.
Patty Bedient: Thank you.
Doyle Simons: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead with your question.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Thank you. To follow on Mark’s question, so the market in Asia for logs is moving in the direction that you said last quarter you thought it would. Does that change the way you think about your Timberland mix? Over the years, obviously Weyerhaeuser bulked up on higher value species and got rid of a lot of the lower value, Hemlock and other lower value stuff. So, are we likely to see Weyerhaeuser maybe attempt to move that shift back to owning or being more willing to own lower value species in the Pacific Northwest?
Patty Bedient: Well, Mark, we are focused primarily on Douglas Fir, that is what our most of our lands are best suited to grow. We do have some Whitewoods as well. And so, as you know, not every acre grows best the same species. So I would say we will continue to have a focus on Douglas Fir but our Whitewoods inventory will be important as well. Although it does come at a lower price point based on the quality.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Okay. And then a second question, you’ve said that you have catch up investing to do, particularly in Wood Products. When do you think you will have caught up? Will that happen this year or next? And what do you think of as normal spending in manufacturing and maintenance, once that catch up is done?
Doyle Simons: So, Mark, we’re spending a lot of time working on capital issues currently. We will, as always once we make some decisions for next year, either late this year or early next year we will be passing those on to you. It will take more than one year period to get our – to make the investments in some of our wood product operations that we need to, to get our cost structure to where we want it to be. And as you know, that’s the real focus of the investment we’re going to make going forward is to continue to drive down our cost structure in order to fully accomplish the OpEx initiatives that we laid out. So, that’s how we’re thinking about it. And as we develop more detail, we will be sharing that with you.
Mark Connelly – CLSA: Thank you. That’s very helpful.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Thanks, hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I guess my first question I wanted to go back to distribution. And Doyle recognizing there were a number of factors that you had mentioned in past, that you were focused on in terms of improving the profitability. Were there one or two key things that you did this quarter better as a business than you did first quarter or second quarter last year that drove the swing in profitability? And could you comment to those things?
Doyle Simons: Sure, sure George. And it really is, when you step back and look at it, it’s getting the focus where it needs to be and just doing the blocking and tackling better. But just a couple of things that I would highlight is, we set very specific targeted cost levels that we needed to accomplish in our distribution business to get – start to get earnings to where they needed to be. And we made significant progress towards those target levels in the second quarter. And then the other thing I would say is, while we’ve been successful in driving the top-line in that business as I referred, we haven’t always had a focus on driving what I call a profitable share. And I think our folks did a really nice job of growing business that added profit to the bottom line in the quarter. So, those are the two specific things that I would highlight occurred in the quarter. Again more work to do but really encouraged about the progress that we’re making in distribution and our folks have done a lot of really good work in that business.
George Staphos – Bank of America: In terms of the runway, is it going to be more on the cost side or is it going to be more on what you’ve got on the racks and can sell? I mean where do you get the further uplift from here, if you had to pick between those two?
Doyle Simons: Normally I’m not ambiguous as you know George. But I would tell you, it’s absolutely both. We have to pull both those levers to get to where we need to get to. So I think there is, opportunities both on the cost side and making sure we get the turns right, making sure we have the right products that our customers need. So lots of levers to pull in that business and we’re going to need to pull everyone (inaudible) we are.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. Thanks for that. Doyle, in terms of the Longview board machine, I seem to remember that machine’s maybe had some operating difficulties in the last couple of years. Now clearly you’re going to improve productivity, you’re going to improve cost and you need a little bit of throughput out of this as well. But how much of this was driven by the fact that maybe the machine had been a little bit less reliable in terms of quality over the last few years? And can you explain a little more in terms of what was behind that?
Doyle Simons: So, let me give my view point of probably little more short time and I’ll let Patty expand on it. But again, I’m just telling you, this facility has run really well, and Patty mentioned in her comments, it’s run really run over the past few quarters, both from a quality perspective. You’re right, historically we’ve had some quality issues but quality, we made significant improvements in quality over the past few quarters. And just to be real straight forward about it, the operating rates and reliability of liquid packaging had been kind of up the charts the last few quarters. Now again, we’re excited about this, the outage and the capital that we’re getting because we think that’s going to allow us to take it to the next level. But this is not one where we go we’re having big, big problems so we got to go spend this money, this is the one that’s really going to just further enhance what we’ve been able to do at this facility at least over the past year.
George Staphos – Bank of America: That’s where I was going with that question. Go ahead, Patty, I’m sorry.
Patty Bedient: No, I was going to say George that as we look at the spending that’s being done at Longview there is some spending for cleaners that will improve the quality. But as a percentage of the total dollars, it’s a small amount of that. The big piece as well in this project is that it will allow us to upgrade the product mix coming out of that operation. Today, the excess fluff pulp goes into wet lap. And so there is not a great market for that. So we’ll be able to change the product mix a little bit. And then again, the big piece will be just lowering the fiber cost and lowering the energy cost. So, it’s not a place where as we look across our system that we would spend capital in any operation that we didn’t think had the ability to run well and run reliably. And Longview has proven that. And I think they have a really good package going forward as it relates to the return that we’ll get from these projects.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. Last question and I’ll turn it over. Would it be fair to say that in recognizing it is the Board’s decision, that at this juncture, from your vantage point of the key metrics, either from a balance sheet standpoint or the operating fundamentals of the Company and the sectors that you’re in, that you’ve checked the box, so to speak, in terms of being able to raise the dividend in the next several quarters? Thanks guys and good luck in the quarter.
Patty Bedient: Yes, I think George, going back to the comments that I made in December at the Investor Meeting. We said that we would be looking forward to increasing the dividend in the future but that would likely be after we closed the RICO transaction. And that is now closed and as Doyle said, we’ll be visiting on that with the board at the next board meeting in mid-August.
George Staphos – Bank of America: Thank you, Patty.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with DA Davidson. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: Thanks, good morning, everyone.
Doyle Simons: Good morning.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: A couple that pertained to I guess the Wood Products segment. Starting with engineered wood products, I think you indicated that all of you facilities are now running and you’re at around a 75% operating rate. Let’s, if we call housing at $1 million, and potential $1.5 million, that’s a 66% operating rate. Will you guys have sufficient engineered wood product when the housing actually hits mid cycle, particularly if EWP gains share versus solids on lumber?
Doyle Simons: So, as I have said, we’re running at 75% kind of on a blended average across the system. Some of our mills are running more than that, some of our facilities are running less than that. So, clearly, in some products if housing continues to improve, we may not have enough production to always meet our customer’s demand. In others we clearly do have as Patty mentioned, we’re in the process of ramping up evergreen. So we’ve clearly gotten more capacity there. So, we feel pretty good about where we’re positioned overall in engineered lumber, in order to continue to service our customers as we move forward.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: But the capacity you have is the limit, right? Everything that has been de-commissioned has been demolished or is there any kind of temporarily or indefinitely idled capacity that still exists?
Doyle Simons: You’re exactly right. The capacities that we have, is what we have. And so there is nothing sitting out there to go start back up, we’re running what we have.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And then, just on distribution, great to see it, turn the corner a little bit. Again looking towards mid cycle, can you give us a sense of the revenues and I guess EBITDA or margins are, please?
Doyle Simons: Yes. It’s hard to project exactly what revenues or earnings are going to be. But I’ll just tell you as mentioned our commitment this year is to improve by $30 million to $40 million in our distribution. But let’s be clear about it, that doesn’t get us to where we absolutely need to be. We think as we do benchmarking versus our competition, we understand we are clearly not the leader. Our goal will be to be the leader in that business. And I’ll just put it this way Steve, I think there is still a lot of run way. Once we accomplish the $30 million to $40 million this year, there is still a lot of run way in front of us to continue to improve earnings and cash flow out of that business going forward.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: Yes, I should think so. And so, therefore, would it be safe to say that your aspiration is to see 3%, perhaps 4% EBITDA margin once you’re back at mid cycle potential?
Doyle Simons: Yes, I mean, our goal is to be like I said the leader in that business. And those types of numbers are absolutely what we would be able to accomplish.
Steve Chercover – DA Davidson: Great. Thanks, Doyle.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thanks very much. Morning, Doyle and Patty. Just a couple of easy questions here. Just trying to put in context on Cellulose Fibers, you mentioned the year to date record productivity. I know you’ve moved to 18 months maintenance schedules on some of your mills. Just if you could give us an update on where you are in that program? And then how the year-to-date productivity record balances with that?
Patty Bedient: Sure, Paul. As it relates to the 18-month cycle, now all mills will be on an 18-month cycle. The last one really is Longview which was on 18-month and we took it down, it went down in ‘13, it’s coming down this quarter or this year in order for us to be able to flip those capital improvements. But now they are all on an 18-month cycle going forward. So, I don’t have the specific, how many mills and which year will be in ‘15 versus ‘14 in front of me. But they are all on that cycle. In terms of the productivity, that really is as we look at it, how are we doing in terms of our uptime and how are we doing in terms of our production per day. And all of our mills are really operating very strongly. And they are competing with each other as well as one gets better they benchmark each other and share best practices. And we’re really pleased with the work that’s being done by the folks in Cellulose Fibers. As I mentioned, the third quarter earnings will be significantly lower but that’s because of the maintenance that we’re doing because the mills aren’t running well.
Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great to hear. And Doyle, you mentioned that you’d be interested in growing the Wood Products business. Just curious as to which area within Wood Products is more highly sought after than other areas?
Doyle Simons: Yes, and what I’ve said on the wood products business is, our primary focus is continuing to run what we have better and again making progress there. In terms of specific businesses, there is not a specific business we feel compelled to grow at all. We like our position. And all of those – in those businesses, again we think our biggest opportunity is to run when we have better. With that said, if we find growth opportunities then we think can add additional value for our shareholders in that business that’s something we would consider.
Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: Great thanks very much. Best of luck.
Doyle Simons: Thank you.
Patty Bedient: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead with your question.
Collin Mings – Raymond James: Good morning, Patty and Doyle.
Patty Bedient: Good morning.
Collin Mings – Raymond James: Congrats on the quarter. A couple of questions here. Can you guys discuss a little more about the trends you’re seeing in the different wood baskets you operate in the US south? I know we’ve heard kind of just generally out there that Arkansas and Mississippi is heavily lagged. Maybe as it relates to you guys the Carolinas. But put a little bit more color on what you’re seeing, kind of your expectations there for the back half of the year?
Doyle Simons: Sure, so in terms of further on saw logs, we should step back and look at overall in the south, we saw log prices go up about 4% in ‘13 versus ‘12. As we mentioned earlier, we had seen saw log prices up modestly in the first half of ‘14 versus ‘13. And we think that trend will continue into the second half of ‘14. Yes, there are always some regional differences based on capacity, based on weather, based on a lot of different things. So yes, you do see some different things in mid south versus Gulf versus Atlantic, whatever the case may be. But overall, we continue to anticipate but continued improvement in saw log prices going forward.
Collin Mings – Raymond James: Okay. And then, I don’t know if maybe you guys could break out roughly how much of the EBIT during the quarter came from the south versus say the west?
Patty Bedient: I don’t have that exact number in front of me. I would tell you that in terms of looking forward in the third quarter, most of the decrease in EBIT will come in the west versus the south because of the export markets both in terms of what the export markets are doing in export and then obviously that has an impact back to the domestic market as well.
Collin Mings – Raymond James: Okay. And then, just to like following up on earlier question and I know it’s early. But as you think about the – really the step-up in the run rate as far as the CapEx this year is. The $400 million kind of – is that even appropriate if we think about 2015 or could there be another, I guess, I’m asking, could be there another leg up in terms of CapEx dollars, do you feel like this was kind of the high water mark?
Patty Bedient: Colin, as we look at our capital expenditure what will drive that is our ability to continue to have high quality projects which we would focus on as driving our cost down. So as Doyle said, we’re still looking at those numbers. I hope actually that that number will go up a little bit because that means we do have good projects but we’re still working through that as we are speaking. And I think the other thing that we have really had a focus on is making sure that before we spend capital, all of our operations are really operating well. So, we’re not looking at growing capacity necessarily from additional capital spend, it really is focused on improving the cost position of our operations. But we’ll be giving you more clarity on that as we get closer to the end of the year.
Collin Mings – Raymond James: Okay. And then, again, going back to just the capital allocation and still recognizing you’re in the middle of that process right now. Can you maybe just put a little more detail on how much time are you really actively spending right now looking at Timberland acquisition and growing that part of the book currently or has it really just been trying to again determine where you want to put capital to work and still kind of integrating Longview?
Doyle Simons: We’re always looking for opportunities to grow our Timberland base. So, there is as you probably are assuming – I’m sure you know there is some activity out there. There has been a pretty consistent flow. We look at every opportunity that comes along. We take a disciplined approach to it. And we will continue to do that. So, no, we didn’t – Longview has been a fantastic acquisition for us. We’re well ahead of our synergy targets. We’re on track to deliver the EBITDA that we indicated out of that acquisition. But we didn’t put other things on hold as we went through that process. We’ve continued to look. Again, we’ll be very disciplined but we think there will be opportunities to grow our Timberland base going forward and we’re focused on doing just that.
Collin Mings – Raymond James: Okay, thanks. I’ll turn it over.
Operator: Thank you. We’ve now reached the allotted time for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Doyle for closing remarks.
Doyle Simons: Thank you. And thanks everybody for joining this morning. Before we sign-off, one thing I would like to do as, I would like to acknowledge Kathy McAuley who actually retired effective today. It’s hard to express just how much Kathy has contributed to Weyerhaeuser during her 14 years with us. Patty and I would like to offer our sincere thanks. And more importantly wish her all the best in her retirement. As we have previously announced Denise Merle has taken on responsibility as Senior Vice President of HR and Investor Relations. And Beth Baum is the Director of Investor Relations. They will both be available to answer any follow-up questions that you may have. And again, I’d like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And we appreciate your interest in Weyerhaeuser.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Kathy McAuley - VP, IR Doyle Simons - CEO Patty Bedient - CFO 
Analysts:  Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Mark Connelly - CLSA George Staphos - Bank of America Merill Lynch Gail Glazerman – UBS Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Chip Dillon Colin Ming - Raymond James  
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Carmen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Kathy McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. The floor is yours.
Kathy McAuley : Thank you, Carmen. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's First Quarter 2014 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com, our earnings release and presentation materials can also be found at our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Chief Financial Officer. Now, I will turn the call over to Doyle.  
Doyle Simons:  Thank you, Kathy and good morning everyone, earlier today we reported first quarter net earnings of a 183 million or $0.31 per diluted share on net sales of 2 billion. Excluding special items we achieved solid first quarter net earnings of a 153 million or $0.26 per diluted share as our businesses delivered strong operating results despite unusually severe winter weather throughout much North America in the quarter. Special items in the quarter included a gain resulting from an amendment to a post retirement health care plan, a gain on sale of a non-strategic asset and restructuring charges associated with our previously announced SG&A cost reduction initiative.  I will begin this morning with a few comments on the housing market and overall economic conditions before turning to a discussion of our business results. The unusually severe winter weather dampened market momentum early in the year and housing starts in January and February declined slightly on a seasonally adjusted basis compared with year ago levels. As the winter weather is moderated markets are improving, in March single family housing starts increased to 635,000 on a seasonally adjusted annual basis, 2% higher than a year ago. Single family also comprised a greater percentage of total housing starts in March, compared with February.  Prices for existing homes are 13% higher than last year, and fundamentals of job growth and improving household formation support our expectation for continued recovery in the housing markets. Although the weather’s disruption experienced during the past few months has slightly diminished the overall housing outlook for 2014, the market consensus continues to forecast significant growth compared with 2013 and we are planning for approximately 1.1 million starts including over 700,000 single family starts. Globally Chinese demand for our logs and pulp remains strong as the pace of orders rescinds following a normal seasonal slowdown associated with the Lunar New Year.  Orders from our Japanese customers weakened slightly at the conclusion of the first quarter due to uncertainty regarding the effect of the increased consumption tax. However Japan remains a very strong customer for our logs and we expect that demand will remain generally solid overall. Let me now turn to our business segment starting with Timberland, charts three to five, Timberlands had an outstanding quarter, contributing a 164 million to earnings, an improvement of more than 20% compared with last quarter, demand for western logs was strong in the quarter and prices rose in export and domestic markets. Operating margins improved due to higher harvest volumes and our operational excellence initiative. The strong performance of our western Timberlands business also reflects increasing benefits from the Longview timber acquisition which contributed 53 million of EBITDA in the quarter an improvement of 18 million from the fourth quarter.  In the south, log prices rose modestly, continuing the slow upward trajectory we observed in the fourth quarter. Wet weather resulted in lower southern sea harvest volumes as well as reduced silviculture spending. First quarter earnings from disposition and non strategic Timberlands are usually minimal and as expected, dispositions declined to 4 million in the quarter. Excluding dispositions, the segment earned a $160 million. This is the highest quarterly Timberlands’ earnings excluding land sales since the second quarter of 2006.  Wood products, charts 6 and 7. Wood products earned 64 million, an improvement compared with the fourth quarter despite the effect of severe winter weather. Weather resulted in reduced sales volumes for most products as demand stalled and transportation challenges related to Canadian rail car and trucking availability made it harder to deliver products to our customers. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter improved to 93 million, compared with 88 million in the fourth quarter. In lumber, EBITDA improved by 17 million. This improvement is primarily attributable to increased lumber sales realizations which more than offset lower sales volumes and higher western log cost.  Operating rates improved and the business did a good job of controlling cost in the quarter despite weather related disruptions. In OSB, EBITDA declined by 10 million, as our prices fell by 3% and sales volumes declined by approximately 5%, manufacturing cost rose slightly as the business incurred higher energy and maintenance cost as a result of the extreme weather.  EBITDA for engineered wood products fell slightly compared to the fourth quarter due to cost associated with the startup of the Evergreen Alabama mill, and EBITDA for the distribution business improved by a $1 million despite a significant number of lost days due to weather related closures. Operational excellence efforts for all our wood products businesses remain on track and we expect to see additional benefits as the year progresses.  Cellulose fibers, chart 8 and 9, cellulose fibers contributed 54 million to earnings down from 65 million in the fourth quarter, despite the harsh weather, the mill system ran very well in the first quarter, average pulp price realizations rose as markets tightened due to lower levels of supply.  Energy costs were higher as a result of the weather and pulp sales volumes declined due to timing of shipment and Canadian transportation issues similar to those that affected our wood products businesses. As expected, maintenance expenses also rose due to an increase in a number of scheduled annual outage days.  Real estate – charts 10 to 12. WRECO contributed 12 million to first quarter earnings, down from earnings from four special items of 71 million in the fourth quarter. First quarter earnings included 2 million from land sales. The first quarter is typically the weakest quarter for our real estate business and home closings declined seasonally, this is partly offset by an 8% increase in average prices and lower selling expenses due to the decreased closing volume.  Gross margins were approximately 21%. During the first quarter we made significant progress against our SG&A initiative to reduce costs by 75 million by 2014 year end. We incurred 18 million of restructuring charges in the quarter primarily for severance as efforts to simplify and streamline our processes and operations reduce our staffing needs, we are highly confident we will achieve our target run rate by year end 2014.  I will now turn it over to Patty to discuss our second quarter outlook. 
Patty Bedient : Thanks Doyle, and good morning everybody. Although the housing market has gotten off to a slow start in 2014, we expect to see demand pick up as we move to the quarter. The harsh winter weather has now dissipated and the strength of underlying market fundamentals should begin to yield better results in the second quarter. The outlook is summarized on chart 14 and I’ll begin my comments with Timberlands.  In the west, export prices are expected to soften somewhat but overall, demand and prices remained at favorable levels. The effect of the increased consumption tax is causing Japanese demand to weaken compared to the first quarter. However we expect that volumes to China will increase in the second quarter as activity returns to pre-holiday levels. Demand from domestic sawmills is also anticipated to increase as home building picks up, although prices will likely be somewhat softer. We expect increased log and haul costs as we begin to harvest sites with higher elevations and longer hauling distances. Silviculture costs are also expected to increase.  In the south we expect pricing to continue its slow but steady upward direction. Volumes are expected to increase slightly offset by higher silviculture costs. Dispositions of non-strategic land sales will be higher in the second quarter compared to the first with anticipated Q2 sales at approximately $20 million which will be substantially completed by the end of this month. Including the effect of these land sales, we expect that second quarter earnings in the Timberlands segment will be comparable to the first quarter.  In wood products, we expect that the seasonal pick up in home building will result in increased sales volumes across major product lines resulting in improved earnings in all businesses. Lumber sales realizations have softened thus far in the quarter, however they should stabilize as demand improves throughout the quarter. OSB prices appear to have bottomed out and we anticipate slightly improved realizations for the second quarter compared to the first.  Demand in engineered wood products is improving and we expect higher sales realizations during the quarter. In addition, our Evergreen Alabama plant is scheduled to begin shipping commercial product, high choice and microlam in May.  In our distribution business, customers are continuing to express signs of optimism and channel inventories are still at relatively low levels. On the cost side of the equation, we expect lumber manufacturing cost to improve with the higher production volumes and log cost will likely increase marginally due to seasonally higher log cost in Canada offsetting favourable variances in the west and south. OSB manufacturing costs are expected to remain flat as the positive effect of higher productivity is offset by slight increases in resin in some planned annual maintenance downtime. Engineered wood products manufacturing cost should improve especially for veneer cost, which were negatively impacted by adverse weather in the first quarter. Cost should also decrease as our Alabama plant moves from start-ups to production next month. Weather related transportation issues should moderate now that the extreme winter weather conditions are behind us. We anticipate overall earnings in our wood product segment to increase significantly in the second quarter compared to the first depending on the strength of the spring building season. Sales realizations in our Cellulose Fibers segment are expected to continue to improve. Global softwood pulp inventories were below normal at the end of the first quarter. Liquid packaging realization should also improve primarily due to higher grade mix. We expect lower energy and fiber cost given more favourable weather conditions compared to the first quarter. Maintenance costs are also expected to be slightly lower this quarter. Earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment should increase significantly in the second quarter compared to the first. We expect improved results in our Real Estate segment as we move into the seasonally stronger second quarter and weather improves. We expect to close approximately 650 single family homes in the quarter, up from the 508 closed in Q1. We anticipate higher average home prices with margins similar to the first quarter of around 20%. Selling cost will increase due to the higher closing volume. Earnings from land and lot sales are also expected to improve moderately compared to the first quarter income of $2 million. Overall earnings in our Real Estate segment are expected to increase in the second quarter compared to the first. The earlier announced combination of our single family home building business with TRI Pointe Homes is on track and we anticipate closing just after the end of the second quarter. The decision of whether to distribute the shares using a spin or split will be made by the Weyerhaeuser Board likely later this quarter. We remain excited about the benefits of this transaction which should create an even more powerful homebuilder with additional long-term growth potential. Now, I would like to refer you to chart 13 and make some comments regarding unallocated items. As discussed in our earnings release three special items in the first quarter accounted for $49 million of pre-tax earnings. These items included a restructuring reserve of 18 million for our SG&A and R&D cost reduction initiative that we announced in December. Most of the first quarter reserve is for severance for identified personnel reductions across the company. The majority of these reductions are taking place over the remaining quarters of this year. As a result, very little benefit is in the first quarter operating result. We expect additional restructuring expenses of approximately $10 million to $15 million as we complete the overall cost reductions and we expect to achieve our targeted run rate by the end of this year. Special items also included a benefit for $45 million for one quarter of the amortization of the reversal of liability associated with the postretirement amendment. We expect each quarter of this year to have a similar amount.  The final special item was a $22 million gain related to the sale of nonstrategic property. Unallocated G&A expenses for the first quarter as shown on chart 13 totalled a positive $1 million. The change when compared to the fourth quarter is primarily the result of income from changes in share based compensation which is driven by the change in order in stock price well as a shift from unallocated pension expense to pension credits due to the performance of the pension assets and a change in the discount rate. Unallocated function expenses were also somewhat lower than normal. I’ll wrap up with some overall financial comments and I’ll refer you to chart 15 for these comments. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $780 million down from the $835 million at yearend. The first quarter is typically our lowest cash generation quarter due to the seasonal build in working capital as well as lower housing market activity. Cash flow from operations was $109 million which included income tax related receipts of approximately $60 million. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $65 million and we expect total expenditure for the year of approximately 400 million. Our long term debt was unchanged from yearend and we have not maturities until 2017. Now I’ll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle Simons: Thank you, Patty. I am pleased with our first quarter results as we delivered strong operating performance despite unusually severe winter weather, significantly increased EBITDA from our Longview Timber acquisition and took actions against our commitment to reduce SG&A cost. We are beginning to realize the initial benefits of our operations excellence efforts and I look forward to sharing additional progress with you as the year progresses. We are relentlessly focused everyday on growing a truly company by driving superior operational and financial performance to increase cash flow, grow our dividend, and generate additional shareholder value. With that comment, I think, we will open it for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research Group.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Thank you. Congratulations on a very good quarter. You ended the first quarter with 780 million of cash and I believe you’re going to have some more cash coming in as part of the TRI Pointe acquisition as well. Can you give a sense as to what you think is the necessary or the right amount of cash from a longer term basis to run the business that you would tend to want to have recognizing where the first quarter might be different than a different quarter? What order or magnitude? What type of cash level do you typically like have to run the company?
Patty Bedient: Good morning, Mark. It’s Patty and I’ll take that one. I think as we think about the cash balance, there are a number of considerations to think about. One of course is where we are in the cycle and we believe we are still in the early innings of the homebuilding recovery, but also what we need for our working capital to support the increased activity.  The other thing of course is what is the level of liquidity? And we have very good liquidity. One of the things I didn’t mention was that we have our line of credit for $1 billion that we have no borrowings outstanding. So as we look at cash going forward, we wouldn’t anticipate that we would need the level of cash that would be indicated by the $780 million that you’ve referenced at the end of the first quarter as well as additional receipts from the TRI Pointe acquisition. The other thing that we will not have going forward of course is the cash generated from income from WRECO, so that’s the other offset to that. So a lot of things that go into that number and so those are the things that we are looking at in terms of what is the best use of that cash going forward to build shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Thank you. Doyle, as we think about operational excellence, should we expect there to be any meaningful impact in your Timber rotations or your harvesting plants in general. Obviously Longview has caused me to have some optimization, but if we leave Longview out of it, is there a meaningful effort that’s going to change in the way you’re managing your Timberlands?
Doyle Simons:
 : Mark, we’re applying our operational excellence within lands across our entire company including Timberland both the Legacy Timberland as well as the Columbia Timberland what we called Columbia Longview Timberland. And just as an example Mark, I would say that in this quarter while we clearly benefited from the higher volume and prices in the quarter, part of the strong quarter in Timberland was a result of the operational excellence initiative that we have put in place specifically in logging and trucking cost improvement and merchandising. And also making sure we get the right log to the right customer to capture the full value.  So we’re looking across through an operational excellence lens across all of our businesses including Timberland. And while I can’t speak specifically to the exact impact on the harvesting and that type of thing, I can tell you we have already started to see improvement in our timberland operation as a result of our operational excellence initiatives and a little bit of that showed up in the first quarter.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Okay, that’s very helpful and just one thing. It sounds like you’re going to see the log shift towards China away from Japan a little bit overall year-over-year. What’s happening to the China margins? You’ve talked about improvement in some of your China margins in past quarters. Is this shift going to push the overall margin down or are we seeing China pick up?
Patty Bedient: So, Mark, this is Patty. As we think about China, the difference in margins I would say come from some softening in Japan, so as you know, a grade mix that goes to Japan is a little richer grade mix. That also in terms of their competition for that log goes into the overall volume that goes into Asia. So we expect the China margins will see some pressure in terms of just the overall amount and I think I referenced that in our outlook comments, but from a perspective of overall demand from China, we believe that will continue to stay strong. And then as we go forward and get more of the pickup in housing domestically, that domestic log, saw log competes with the China demand, so those two will put tension on each other in terms of the pricing. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merill Lynch.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merill Lynch: Thanks. Hi guys, good morning. Congratulations on the progress. I guess first question on RICO, what would be your interpretation for us in terms of the fact that you do have closings now picking up and cancellations down. And in particular, are you seeing, Doyle, a pick-up in the first time home buyer in the market because that seems to be what's been missing here in the cycle, in terms of extending it going forward?
Doyle Simons: George, I agree with you. I think that is what's been missing and for this housing to get back to the 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 level that we've seen historically, we're going to need to see the first time home buyer start to gain some traction. I think we're starting to see a little bit of that, but there's still some challenges in the mortgage market regarding loan availability and the amount that's required to be put down and just the credit scores that are currently required.  Encouragingly I think we're starting to see a little bit of loosening of some of those standards which I think is healthy and that will prompt more first time home buyers into the marketplace. So we are cautiously optimistic that we're going to start to see more and more first time home buyers stepping into the market and we think that's what's going to take this housing starts to the next level.
Patricia Bedient: Yeah, George, kind of the other things that is just holding back a little bit that first time home builder or buyer is the fact that the FHA limits have also been reduced somewhat, so I think that's putting a little pressure on that marketplace as well, but as Doyle said overall, as we look forward for housing, we're optimistic about what will happen for the rest of 2014.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merill Lynch: Patty, the FHA limits has been a much discussed topic and it's a good thing you are bringing it up. Do you think that that won't be a burden or an in pediment for a year or do you think if you're through a quarter or two down the road, we should have already had the impact of that in terms of demand?
Doyle Simons: Well, I think it's yet to be seen and I think it's one factor in the first time home buyer. I think the other pieces of the overall mortgage availability, as well as just what's happening with consumer confidence and economic activity overall. So, I think if that continues to improve even slowly, but subtly that will overcome some of that pressure that comes from the FHA limits.
George Staphos - Bank of America Merill Lynch: Thanks. My last question and I'll turn it over. Within EWP, can you comment or maybe provide a little bit more granularity on why you feel you're on target with some of your operational improvement programs. And Doyle you mentioned you expect or Patty mentioned you expect sales realizations to be up, I guess marginally in the quarter. Is that because of the tail effect from last year or is that because there's some new price increases in the market? Thanks. And good luck in the quarter.
Doyle Simons: Good question, George. And on ELP specifically, what we saw in the quarter was we had some start-up costs as we mentioned associated with our evergreen, Alabama mill. We also had some weather impacts in the quarter. We, like I said, remain confident that we're going to increase the earnings in that business by $30 to $40 million EBITDA in 2014 compared with 2013. We also to your point are encouraged and confident, we're going to see some price increases and are already starting to see those in the second quarter versus the first quarter, some of that due to mix, but some of that due to just overall improvement in prices as we move into the stronger spring seasonal period.
Operator: Your next question is from the line Gail Glazerman with UBS. 
Gail Glazerman – UBS: I guess before I ask my question, Patty, just want to acknowledge the retirement best of luck and I guess we'll have you for another quarter on the call, but thanks for all your help.
Patricia Bedient: Thank you.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: I guess just starting with timber, results were higher than what you might have suggested last quarter and I'm just wondering what surprised you in the quarter, where the upside came from relative to what you might have expected?
Doyle Simons: Gail, we were encouraged by our results in our timberlands business in the first quarter and I would basically point to three things. One thing was we clearly had higher prices as prices strengthened in the quarter versus the fourth quarter that resulted -- as a result we had a little bit higher volumes to capitalize on those higher prices in the quarter.  The second thing is as I mentioned earlier, we had some benefit from our operational excellence initiatives, specifically in some cost improvement on logging and trucking, and also did a good job of merchandising and what I mean by that as I mentioned earlier is getting the right log to the right customer at the right time to fully maximize the value.  And then third and importantly, we saw a really nice improvement from our Longview acquisition in the quarter. As I mentioned or as we mentioned, that was up approximately $18 million from the prior quarter. We saw about 6 million of synergy benefit or let me put it this way, in terms of the synergies from Columbia, we are at a run rate as of the first quarter about 6 million a quarter, which would translate into about $24 million of synergy benefits on an annual basis. And as you know that’s well ahead of our original target of 20 million in synergy. So those are the three buckets that contributed to the Timberlands improvement in the quarter versus the prior quarter and maybe versus some expectations.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay and I don’t suppose you could quantify the operating excellence contribution there?
Doyle Simons: As we’ve said before, Gail, we will quantify that on an annual basis because it will be lumpy. But, I will tell you, it did have an impact in -- a significant impact, I guess, it depends on how you define significant, but it did have an impact on the bottom line in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And can you talk about maybe the weather impact in the quarter both potentially, if you can quantify what it might have done to you and just maybe taking a step back and what it might mean for the market for instance, lumber seems to have accrued up in Canada. Are you starting to see that come back? So if you could just maybe talk about both, I guess, the financial impact and direct impact as well as how you think it might impact some of the markets as everything unfolds in the second quarter?
Doyle Simons: Sure, so let me start off by saying I was proud, we were proud the way our people managed through the tough weather conditions in the quarter. As you know, there was a lot going on. In terms of quantifying the impact, its differential by business as you would expect, but I would say in Timberlands, it was minimal. In our Wood Products business if you look across our Wood Products businesses, the impact by business was somewhere in the $2 to $5 million range per business.  This had to do with things like closures, and lumber for example, we lost 27 days due to closures and distribution. We lost over 50 days due to weather closures. In addition, we had slow backs, as you know when you have frozen logs in a saw mill you can’t run as fast, so that was part of the issue. We had transportation issues in Canada and in the US. And we even had a couple of mills for a short period of time specifically in one of our OSB Mills we're able to get logs to the mill to run. So those were some of the challenges that we had. Again, I thought our people did a really nice job of managing through that in our Wood Products business. And then in our Cellulose Fibers business, Gail, the impact there from weather was approximately $4 million, and that was primarily due to higher energy cost and some railcar availability specifically regarding our Grand Prairie Mill.  In terms of going forward, most of these issues we think are behind us. There we still have transportation challenges that we'll work through specifically in Canada as you talked about, but all-in all we think most of it's behind us and we’ll be able to work through it as we move through the second quarter.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just from the market perspective any worries that production build up in Canada as the transport issues unwind will have an impact on the market, is that why you’re looking for fairly muted lumber prices in the quarter?
Patty Bedient: So, Gail, I think as we referenced, our realizations thus far in the quarter were softer. I think that likely part of that is due to that issue, but I think now we see them starting to stabilize and think they will move up from this point. So, I think we’ll work through that nicely. Again, it is dependent upon how housing activity comes back, but the underlying fundamentals for housing and now with the improved weather, things look good at this point.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just one last question, can you talk about, I guess, looking at WRICO and the activity you’re seeing there and as it suggests for housing activity more broadly, are you seeing, can you kind of quantify and give examples of any seasonal pick up you’re seeing and also you operate in regions that would have been affected by weather but also ones that probably weren’t? And did you note a difference in trend beyond just the underlying market fundamentals that gives you confidence, some of the sluggishness in housing or a lot of the sluggishness in housing in the first quarter was weather related versus something else?
Patty Bedient: Sure. I think there are a couple of things as we look at our own markets. If you think about our Winchester subsidiary, which is in the Washington D.C. area was really hammered by weather, even the first part of the second quarter hammered by weather, so it’s a little tough to see exactly the impact that weather had, how much of it, but it was significant and we’re starting to see that now come back around.  I think the other in the first quarter markets that were a little rougher were not surprisingly those that were potentially a little overheated in the prior year and I would reference Phoenix and Las Vegas there. Phoenix is now stabilizing as well so that’s a good thing, California, Los Angeles is doing well and here in the Puget Sound of course, the market did not go down as far as some of the other markets that we had.  Texas also continues to remain strong, so I think again as we look forward, a lot of that's behind us, I think the other thing that has put a little bit of a dampening effect on the marketplace is sort of a good news bad news, we had some pretty significant price increases over the course of last year and I think that has slowed that a little bit, so we don't have as many closings as we'd like but they're closing at higher prices, so one sort of helps to offset the other one, but as I said before, we are much more excited now about homebuilding as we look forward with this really harsh weather in so many geographies behind us. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs. 
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs:  Can you remind us how much incremental capacity the Evergreen, Alabama plant will add to the EWP business and where your utilization rates will be once that plant starts up? 
Patty Bedient:  You know, in Evergreen, which is, it has started up now and it will be shipping product the first of May, it produces two products primarily, I-joist and microlam and we have about 61 million Lineal feet would be the capacity that we would note for I-joist and about 4 million cubic feet for microlam solid sections.  In terms of its moving into commercial production now, it won't be operating at full capacity to start with as we move that product into the marketplace. I think overall if we were to discount the Evergreen mill we're operating across that part of the business in engineered wood at around 70% but it's very differential by product line. For example, our microlam product is operating at very, very high operating rates. That's one of the reasons that we're excited about having the availability from Evergreen coming online. 
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs:  Appreciate that detail, Patty and then pulp, there's been recent price erosion on the softwood side in China even though inventory seems to be in pretty good shape. Do you have any thoughts on why we've seen prices move lower in China and any visibility into the pulp price environment in China over next couple of months? 
Patty Bedient:  Well I think as we look at one of the things that puts pressure on paper grade softwood is of course the additional hardwood capacity that is coming online, but China does need softwood to go with the hardwood so I think even though prices may soften here later that we still are feeling good about pricing overall moving up in the second quarter and that would certainly include our fluff pulp price going up as well. 
Doyle Simons:  Yes, Alex if you look at the -- as we mentioned first quarter and fourth quarter clearly fluff prices were up and we anticipate that trend will continue into the second quarter and part of that has been the disruption in the overall supply side of the equation due to the weather but we do think that's going to carryover clearly into the second quarter overall.  
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets. 
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks very much, good morning. Just a couple questions on Timberlands exports. My understanding is Chinese log and lumber inventories are actually pretty high right now. I guess a question is are you seeing the same thing and then just on your reference to the consumption tax increase in Japan and the slower refile there. Can you quantify that? Do you expect that down 5-10% in Q2? 
Doyle Simons:  From the Chinese perspective, I think inventories did build a little bit during the Lunar New Year period as I referenced in my comments. We anticipate as that gets behind us that demand will in fact continue to increase in China and that will be helpful in decreasing the overall log inventories in China.  In terms of Japan, if you look at it historically when there's been a change to the consumption tax, you normally see a little bit of pre-buying and then you see a little bit of weakness as it goes in and then stabilization. And it's hard to tell exactly how that's going to play out this time but our guess is it's going to be a similar type pattern. We probably did see a little bit of pre buying, now we're in the period where there may be a little bit of weakness due to the adjustment to the consumption tax, but long term, we continue to be very encouraged by the demand out of Japan.
Paul Quinn - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just on operational excellence, it looks like you're getting some traction there. Just wondering, if you're able to share at some point in the future your targets, your timing and sort of the CapEx required to get where you want to get to?
Doyle Simons: Yeah. So let me talk generally about OpEx across all of our businesses and I would tell you we're encouraged by the progress that we've made against the targets that we laid out in December. As we previously said we will quantify the benefits on an annual basis but let me give just a little bit of color directionally on some of the benefits that we're starting to see. I already hit on Timberlands a little bit, but clearly part of our good quarter in Timberlands was a result of our operational excellence initiatives. And specifically, as I mentioned earlier regarding cost improvement on logging and trucking and also on merchandising, again making sure we get the right log to the right spot.  In terms of lumber, our manufacturing costs were lower than the prior quarter. That as you know is the key focus of our operational excellence efforts. I will tell you that was somewhat hampered in quarter by weather, but I can tell you plans are in place to start to really capture the benefits from our efforts there in the second quarter and we're confident we'll see the benefit of that in the second quarter and going forward. And our OSB business, the reliability, was a challenge our key focus areas, it’s improving our reliability again as we laid out on December 17th, that was challenged during the quarter, due to weather but we start to see an improvement late in the quarter and that improvements continued into the second quarter. And then the other initiative there is to improve our mix of high value products or enhanced products and just as an example there, we're starting to make our flooring product at our Hudson Bay mill.  In ELP, as I mentioned earlier, we had some weather impacts, but we are confident that we will see the improvements that we've laid out in ELP. And similarly in distribution, where we are there, as I mentioned had over 50 days of closure due to weather in the first quarter, but I can tell you, all of our sites has completed, an extensive analysis of the customers, the products lines, pricing, the warehouse cost and delivery cost and I can tell you one by one those sites are turning to profitability and we are encouraged by what we're seeing there. In sales Fibers -- we can give you a number of examples of operational excellence but I think the one that I would highlight for the first quarter is we had record production at a number of our mills, despite the very severe winter weather and that's not the case across the board, if you look at what happened in that business overall and when I say in that business, I mean in that industry overall in the quarter, so we did a good job of running those mills, despite the tough weather. And then we talked about SG&A and we're making great progress on our SG&A. I'm confident we're going to get where we need to be.  So I think the summary is we're on track. We're working hard on this operational excellence every day. We're starting to see some benefit and much more to come and we'll like I said we will update you on an annual basis on exactly where we are versus the targets that we laid out on December 17th.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Just two quick questions. First of all, can you just tell us what criteria would determine whether a split or a spin is preferable?
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Steve. As we think about those, we think about the spin as being like a special dividend and the split is more akin to a share repurchase. So if you think about the criteria that you would use for each of those. In addition, one of the things that we look at when we look at the spin versus the split is, of course, in the spin you're just issuing the shares pro-rata to the existing Weyerhaeuser shareholder base. In a split, shareholders are given a choice to exchange their Weyerhaeuser shares for the shares of what we think is a very strong home builder going forward. So the split gives the investor base the opportunity to choose which one. And we think that it has the added advantage of then placing the stock with its more -- its natural investor base. Whereas there may be some people who are Weyerhaeuser shareholders who would say I don't really want to own homebuilding long-term, I want more of a forest products exposure, and so it really is the fact that one is simpler, certainly the spin is much simpler, and the split though a little more complex, does have the ability to place the stock with more of its investor base and it is the split is what we did in when we did the downtown transaction in 2007, although it is a little more complex to execute, it is something we have done in the past.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: It does make sense I guess to get it in the hands of those who want it. From a tax perspective, is one more advantageous than the other?
Patty Bedient: No, there really isn’t any difference from one versus the other.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Okay, thank you for that. And then the second question was you’ve elaborated on why you remain confident in the housing recovery, so can you just tell us how you position the Wood Products business? Is your operating stance predicated on an 18% increase in starts which is the difference between 2013 and the 1.1 million that you expect or is it based on your order filed from week to week?
Doyle Simons: Well, I would say it’s both of the above. We clearly are matching our supply with our demand but we’re also as we look forward, we continue to anticipate an improvement in housing as we said. So you factor in all of those equations as you look to the future for our wood products business, but I like the way we’re positioned in our Wood Products business. Our focus as mentioned earlier is just running the capacity that we have better. And we’re starting to make improvements in doing just that. And in terms of our overall, if you look at it, any of our mills that we closed have either been started up so which was evergreen or permanently closed. We do not have any mills sitting idle at this point. And like I said, I like where we’re positioned in Wood Products and think we’re very well positioned to fully capitalize on the continued improvement in housing going forward.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: So you’re ready to serve 1.1 million starts but you’re not going to run for practice, right.
Doyle Simons: That is correct.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon.
Chip Dillon: Three quick ones. Good morning, Doyle and Patty, and Kathy. And again good luck to you Kathy as you later this year move on into retirement. I wanted to you ask first on the land sales now that we have a reconfigured Timberland business with the Longview properties, is sort of the second quarter, is that an usually high level land sales you would expect going forward? And I know it's erratic or would that represent kind of a normal level?
Patty Bedient :
 : Well, it is lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, sort of historically if you can call it seasonality to it. The first quarter is usually a little lower. The second quarter at 20 million does not involve Longview land sales. So, it’s not that activity is not coming as a function of Longview. So I would say that 20 million probably is more on the high side from a quarterly perspective so that would give you a run rate of around 80, but it’s going be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter and from year-to-year really based upon the opportunity that we see. So we look to upgrade the portfolio through the land sales because those are for the most part, exchanges that we are doing. So it’s a function of continuing to look for the best opportunity and that’s why you see the lumpiness, we're not trying to hit it a particular target in any one quarter, it’s really opportunistic.
Chip Dillon: I see and then I guess the second one is, I know in December that kind of the two sub-businesses within Wood Products had sort of need the improvement, obviously our EWP and distribution, and I was wondering sort of when do you get to a point where they need to show the kind of improvement you expect them to versus maybe making of a decision from those businesses? In other words would that be a couple of years or maybe a year?
Doyle Simons: Chip, as we very specifically said on December 17, we anticipate and fully expect both of those businesses or each of those businesses, let me be very clear, each of those businesses to improve EBITDA about $30 million to $40 million in 2014 versus 2013. At this point, we remain confident that that’s in fact exactly what’s going to happen and we’re taking a lot of very proactive steps to make sure that is in fact the case. So that’s the timeline we’ve played out and that’s the timeline we’re committed to.
Chip Dillon: Okay, very clear, and one quick one for Patty. The interest expense for the first quarter at 83 million was a little less than we thought, is that a good run rate to use for that the rest of year assuming nothing big -- well forgetting the -- even with split off, would you assume not to change much?
Patty Bedient: Yes, I think that that should probably be a pretty good. That is net of capitalized interest. So a few million can change quarter-to-quarter depending upon what projects we’re doing, but there shouldn’t be anything particularly different in that number going forward. 
Operator:  Your final question will come from the line of Colin Ming, with Raymond James. 
Colin Ming - Raymond James:  Hey, good morning, just real quick, going back to the question about really the cash balance, in the past you guys have talked about using some of your cash position to continue to grow that Timberland portfolio. Can you maybe just update us on what you’re seeing from your perspective on the acquisition environment and are there, any other deals you guys are looking at on that front.
Doyle Simons:  I would just say, we are constantly looking at opportunities to grow our Timberland base, now we will as we have historically we’ll be very disciplined in doing that and we’re not going to grow just for the sake of growing, if we can find acquisition opportunities like the Longview acquisition where we can drive value for shareholders that’s something we will pursue going forward, so, we’re, as we’ve have been historically and we continue to be, we look at lots of different acquisition opportunities but we will be continue to be very disciplined in the way we approach those going forward. 
Colin Ming – Raymond James: Okay, thanks Doyle, and then Patty maybe can you just remind us are there any sort of restrictions tied to the proceeds coming from WRECO, the $700 million plus or minus, just given the way that the homebuilder unit was in the TRS and then just the nature of the transaction, are there going to be any near term restrictions related to that incoming cash?
Patty Bedient:  Yes, Colin as you think about that cash, it is unrestricted but as you referenced, it is coming into the TRS, so there are no additional restrictions as a result of it coming from the home building business other than the fact that would be the same as any other cash that is in the TRS in terms of moving at around between the REIT and the TRS but it is totally unrestricted other than that. 
Colin Ming – Raymond James: Okay, well, can you maybe just remind us like some of the mechanisms to get that, that amount of cash out of the TRS and up to the REIT?
Patty Bedient:  Well one of the things that certainly you can do is dividend cash from the TRS to the REIT, there are limitations as to how much cash can be dividended in any particular year and that’s really a function of the earnings in Timberland business.  The other thing that you can do, there is no restriction in terms of borrowing cash from the TRS, although you do need to pay interest income on that borrowing from one to the other. Certainly if you want to move cash down you can make a capital contribution, but I think your question is more about moving cash from the TRS up to the REIT, so you can loan it up without restriction, you just have to pay interest income on that down to the TRS. 
Colin Ming - Raymond James: Okay, and then just, you guys referenced in kind of you, I think your 2Q outlook in some of the prepared remarks just about some of the momentum you’re starting to see in the US south as far as log pricing there, can you guys quantify that at all, I mean we’ve kind of heard mixed messages depending upon which specific region you’re in, generally the Gulf south not being as strong but kind of Georgia, Florida, the Carolinas being a little bit stronger, can you just maybe put a little additional color on that, maybe quantify the type of movement you’re seeing in the south.
Doyle Simons:  You know, I would answer that by saying, if you look at 2013, prices in the log prices in the south were up roughly 4%. As we said in our comments and as shown on the slides, prices were up again modestly in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter and what we anticipate is a slow but certain increase in log prices in the south going forward, yes, by quarter by quarter it will vary by region and you’ll see one move up more than the other but overall we are encouraged by the trend that we see and are confident that over time prices will continue to improve in the south as we see housing continue to rebound. 
Colin Ming – Raymond James: Okay, great, congrats on the quarter.
Doyle Simons:
 : Thank you.  Okay, as I understand it that was our last question, I’d like to just end by thanking everybody for joining in this morning and thanks for your interest in Weyerhaeuser. 
Operator:  Thank you for joining us today, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Compensation Committee and Member of Finance Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ketan Mamtora - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day. My name is Carmen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 4Q '13 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's 2013 results. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com, and materials can be found at our website. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. We will be discussing non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings materials on our website. On the call this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle. Doyle?
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Our vision here at Weyerhaeuser is to grow a truly great company for our shareholders, customers and employees. 2013 was a very good year, as we made initial progress toward achieving this goal by doubling net earnings, excluding special items from $316 million or $0.58 per diluted share in 2012 to $654 million or $1.14 per diluted share in 2013; increasing our dividend by nearly 30%; announcing an agreement to combine our Real Estate operation with TRI Pointe Homes and a tax-efficient Reverse Morris Trust transaction; and acquiring approximately 645,000 acres of some of the finest timberland in the country through the purchase of Longview Timber. As a result of our actions in 2013 and our relentless focus on operational excellence going forward, we are well positioned to fully capitalize on improving markets and drive value for our shareholders in 2014 and beyond. Speaking of improving markets, let me just comment on economic conditions that affect our company before I discuss our fourth quarter performance. First, the housing market. The housing market continued to improve in 2013, with total starts rising to 923,000, an 18% gain from 2012. The housing recovery showed resilience as construction activity increased in the fourth quarter, having adjusted to higher interest rates and market uncertainty caused by fiscal infighting, which impacted the second and third quarters. Housing fundamentals remain positive with low inventories and affordability still well above historic norms. In addition, prices for existing homes have increased 14% on a year-ago basis and the additional homeowner wealth is a boost to the economy. The economy has been adding jobs, and as people find employment, they are forming households and adding to the demand for housing. These trends are expected to continue in 2014, and we are planning for over 1.1 million starts, including 780,000 single-family. I'll comment briefly on global economic conditions since approximately 1/3 of our revenues come from exported products from our Cellulose Fibers, Timberlands and Wood Products segments. As the Eurozone continues to manage its debt crisis and emerges from recession, the currency has stabilized and strengthened. A stronger euro should improve the relative competitiveness of our Cellulose Fiber business, as well as our Asian log exports. In Japan, fiscal and monetary reforms have stimulated the economy and increased housing starts, which has improved demand for our products. In China, our export activity picked up in 2013, and while many forecasts of overall economic growth in China have been lowered, the government continues with its objective of moving people from rural to urban settings. This is the driver of construction activity and the source of China's growing demand for imported wood. Now I will comment on our fourth quarter performance. For the fourth quarter 2013, we reported net earnings of $43 million or $0.07 per diluted share on net sales of $2.3 billion. We have several special items in the quarter, the largest of which was the previously announced noncash impairment of a community excluded from the combination of WRECO and TRI Pointe Homes. Charges for special items were partially offset by some unrelated tax adjustments, which Patty will discuss in more detail. Excluding these special items, we reported solid fourth quarter net earnings of $157 million or $0.27 per diluted share compared with net earnings of $143 million or $0.26 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2012. Let me now turn to our business segments, starting with Timberlands, Charts 4 to 6. Timberlands contributed $134 million to earnings in the quarter, up 14% compared with the third quarter 2013 as construction markets in China drove increased demand for Western logs. Our Western fee harvest volumes were up by 17% due to the stronger demand and a full quarter of harvest from the Longview land. I'm pleased to report that the Longview integration continues to go smoothly and that we are on track to achieve or exceed our EBITDA and synergy goals. Turning to market condition. Selling prices for Western logs were generally higher in the quarter, while our sales realizations were flat due in part to a higher percentage of logs exported to China compared with higher value logs to Japan. Southern log price realizations were up modestly. As expected, road and silviculture costs were high in the quarter and the contribution from the sale of nonstrategic Timberlands declined by $3 million in the quarter. Wood Products, Charts 7 and 8. Wood Products contributed $58 million before special items to earnings in the quarter, down from $79 million in the third quarter but above the $38 million of earnings in the fourth quarter of 2012. Special items for the fourth quarter included noncash impairment charges of $10 million related to the permanent closure of previously curtailed engineered wood products operation. Sales volume declined across all product line in the quarter due to seasonality and unusually severe winter weather. OSB prices were lower in the quarter, while lumber and engineered wood sales price realizations were higher. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $88 million compared with $110 million in the third quarter. In lumber, EBITDA was down $7 million in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter, as lower volumes due to seasonally weaker demand, extreme weather conditions and higher log cost more than offset the benefit from higher prices. In OSB, EBITDA declined by $15 million compared with the previous quarter due to 4% lower prices and 11% less volume due to seasonality, as well as extreme winter weather and capital-related downtime. Engineered wood products generated EBITDA before special items of $11 million in the quarter, down from the prior quarter due to a seasonal decline in sales volumes and, again, some weather-related production and transportation issues. And finally, EBITDA and distribution improved by $5 million in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter, primarily due to increased product margin. As we discussed in our December 17 investor presentation, we are committed to improving the EBITDA in both engineered wood products and distribution by $30 million to $40 million in 2014 compared with 2013. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 9 and 10. Cellulose Fibers contributed $65 million to earnings in the quarter, up $18 million from third quarter 2013 and up $4 million compared with fourth quarter 2012. The improvement, compared with third quarter 2013, was attributable to higher pulp price realizations, lower maintenance expenses and improved productivity due to fewer maintenance outage days. These were partially offset by higher fiber cost and lower realizations from liquid packaging board. Fourth quarter liquid packaging board sales included a smaller proportion of higher-value products. We expect a return to our typical mix in the first quarter. Real Estate, Charts 11 to 13. WRECO reported strong results as Real Estate contributed $71 million to earnings before special items in the quarter. As mentioned earlier, the fourth quarter includes special charges of $349 million primarily associated with the previously announced impairment. The improvement, compared with the prior quarter, was attributable to a 40% increase in single-family closings, an 11% increase in average prices and single-family gross margins of 23%. I will now turn it over to Patty to specifically address our first quarter outlook.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thank you, Doyle. Good morning, everybody, and happy new year. Notwithstanding the harsh weather that much of the country has been experiencing, 2014 appears to be off to a good start with a steadily improving economy and housing starts for 2014 forecasted to increase by approximately 20% over 2013. The outlook for the first quarter is on Chart 15, and I'll begin my comments with Timberland. Export log volumes to both Japan and China are expected to increase during the quarter. The pricing momentum that we saw in the fourth quarter is carrying over to the first quarter. A higher percentage of Japan volume relative to the fourth quarter, as well as an increased percentage of Douglas fir logs to China, are anticipated to contribute to strong price realizations. The robust export markets are also putting upward pressure on domestic log price. Westerns fee harvest is expected to increase slightly compared to the fourth quarter in order to take advantage of the stronger markets. By contrast, the pricing dynamic in the South continues to be less robust. Log prices are expected to increase only slightly, while fee harvest volumes are expected to decrease by approximately 5%. Slightly lower road maintenance and silviculture spending in the West will be offset by slightly higher costs in the South. We expect that the effect of the strong operating earnings for the segment in the first quarter will be largely offset by decreased earnings from nonstrategic land sales. In the fourth quarter, we had earnings from nonstrategic land sales of approximately $20 million, and we anticipate the first quarter sales will be minimal. As a result, we expect overall first quarter earnings in the Timberland segment will be comparable to slightly higher relative to the fourth quarter results. The outlook for fee harvest volume for the full year of 2014 is expected to increase by approximately 10% to 12%, mostly as a result of the Longview Timber acquisition in July of last year. In Wood Products, with the seasonally softer fourth quarter behind us and an improving housing market outlook, we expect Wood Products sales volumes to increase across all product lines in the first quarter. Channel inventories remain at low levels. Lumber sales prices have continued to increase thus far in the quarter, and we expect stronger realizations in the first quarter relative to the fourth. By contrast, OSB pricing has been softer thus far, and we expect overall realizations for the full quarter will be slightly weaker compared to the fourth quarter. Engineered wood products demand is anticipated to decrease (sic) [increase], although realizations will be slightly lower due to product mix. Log costs are expected to increase, especially in the West, consistent with our Timberlands outlook. Increased operating rates should lead to lower unit manufacturing costs. However, the wildcard is the severe weather conditions that we've experienced in January, especially in the South. Operating postures and rates are being adversely affected by the extreme cold and great recovery decreases due to frozen logs. Transportation availability is also limited by treacherous road condition. We do expect these harsh weather conditions to begin to moderate as we move through the quarter and anticipate that the stronger market conditions will result in higher earnings in the Wood Products segment in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Moving to Cellulose Fibers. The year ended with global softwood pulp inventories at approximately 24 days, which is below the normal range of 28 to 32 days. Pulp sales volumes are anticipated to decline slightly as a result of the timing of shipments. Higher liquid packaging sales realizations and volumes are expected to offset the effect of the pulp sales decrease. Maintenance spending will be somewhat higher, and labor costs are also expected to increase slightly. We anticipate higher fiber costs in the West. Overall earnings in our Cellulose Fiber segment is expected to be lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. In Real Estate, the first quarter of the year is historically a seasonally weaker quarter for home closings compared to the fourth. This year is no exception. We expect to close approximately 600 homes in the first quarter, down from 1,072 in the fourth quarter. However, this is a 30% increase over the 463 closings in the first quarter of last year. Margins are anticipated to be around 20% to 21%, which is lower than the fourth quarter but comparable to the first quarter a year ago. We have 13% more homes in backlog as of December 31 compared to a year ago at prices 29% higher than a year ago. The number of actively selling communities at the end of 2013 is 35% greater than the prior year. We expect the selling costs in the first quarter will decrease relative to the fourth quarter as a result of fewer home closings. Consistent with the normal seasonal pattern, we expect that first quarter earnings from our single-family home-building business will be significantly lower than the fourth quarter but better than the breakeven results of a year ago. Our previously announced combination of our Real Estate business with TRI Pointe Homes is on track to close in the second quarter of this year. We continue to be excited by the value creation of this powerful combination. The requisite registration statement was filed at the beginning of this month, and we have received clearance under our Hart-Scott-Rodino filing. We continue to work through the remaining steps to close the transaction. Now I'd like to touch briefly on unallocated items, which are shown on Chart 14. Excluding special items, unallocated expense in the fourth quarter increased by $49 million compared to the third. Almost half of that difference relates to a smaller favorable impact from the elimination of intersegment profit and inventory and LIFO as a result of changes in inventory level. Amounts in the other category for the fourth quarter include charges for environmental and litigation reserves and other miscellaneous items with no single item greater than $5 million. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial highlights. We ended the year with a cash balance of approximately $835 million. Capital spending for the fourth quarter was $114 million, bringing our total spending for the full year to $293 million. For 2014, we expect the capital spending will be approximately $390 million, consistent with the guidance we shared during our Investor Meeting in December. During the fourth quarter, we completed the financing for the Longview Timber acquisition, and we also repaid all third-party WRECO debt. As of year end, we had approximately $4.9 billion in total debt with no maturities until 2017. During 2013, we replaced our revolving line of credit with a new agreement with $1 billion of capacity, and the agreement does not expire until June 2018. There are no borrowings outstanding under the line. As Doyle mentioned, we had significant positive tax adjustments in the quarter, which we have called out as special items in our earnings material. These adjustments follow the completion of examinations by taxing authorities covering multiple years in both the U.S. and Canada. The largest of these relates to the exclusion from income of our alternative fuel mixture credit claimed in 2009. Looking forward to 2014, we expect our tax rate for our taxable REIT subsidiary earning to be approximately 33% to 35%, and of course, we accrue no taxes on REIT income as they plan to distribute all taxable income of the REIT to our shareholders. Now I want to wrap up with an update on our pension and postretirement plans. During the fourth quarter, we made the decision to close defined benefit pension plans to employees hired after 2013. We replaced both plans with defined contribution plans. We also made plan amendments to certain of our other post-employment benefit plans. Factoring in these changes, as well as the strong investment earnings and increased discount rate, the funded status of our plans as of December 31, 2013, improved by approximately $1.45 billion compared to the funded status as of December 2012. Cash paid for all plans in 2013 totaled $137 million. We expect total spending in 2014 to approximate $110 million. Consistent with last year, we do not expect to contribute any cash to our U.S. qualified plan, which is fully funded. Our primary contributions will be to our Canadian plan for approximately $55 million, with the remainder going to pay benefits under our supplemental retirement plan and our other post-employment benefit plans, neither of which are separately funded. Now I'll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Patty. As I said earlier, 2013 was a very good year for Weyerhaeuser as we doubled our earnings before special items, significantly increased our dividend and positioned ourselves for the future through significant transactions. But we still have a lot of work runway in front of us. As we look ahead, we are excited about 2014 and are relentlessly focused on growing shareholder value by driving our performance through operational excellence and capitalizing on improving markets to increase our cash flow and grow our dividend. So with that, operator we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions for you. So first on the cost savings in the distribution and EWP business where we're targeting $30 million to $40 million for 2014. How should we think about how that flows through the model through the course of the year? Do you start to see that in the -- as early as the first quarter?
Doyle R. Simons: We'll start to see some improvement in the first quarter, Alex, but it's not going to -- and it will be all throughout the year. So you can't take the $30 million and $40 million, divide it by 4 and it's going to be even. It actually will build throughout the year as we gain traction on the initiatives that we outlined in our December 17 presentation.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful, Doyle. And then just looking at the price performance of OSB relative to lumber, lumber has been so much more robust over the last 6 months. Typically, they historically move together. Can you just talk about the supply-demand dynamics that you're seeing and always be relative to lumber that may be driving some of that delta?
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. And in terms of -- we'll start with lumber. In terms of lumber, supply and demand dynamics are favorable. What we've seen, of course, is improvement in demand as housing starts have continued to grow. And on the supply side of the equation, Alex, while there have been some restarts and everybody's ramping up production, supply and demand are in pretty good balance. On the other hand, in OSB, as you're very well aware, while we have seen improvement on the demand side, there have been some significant restarts and new facilities that have come online, and that's what's led in our opinion to the volatility in OSB pricing over the past few quarters. And I think that will continue until we see supply and demand getting more in balance.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That makes sense. And just one housekeeping question. The EWP facility that's primarily closed, how much capacity was that?
Doyle R. Simons: I don't know that exact figure off the top of my head. We'll tell you, Alex, if that is and we'll get back to you with that. That is the last facility that we had that had been curtailed. And now -- and so all of our facilities are now either running or have been permanently closed at this point.
Patricia M. Bedient: Alex, the facility was in Colbert, Georgia. As Doyle said, it was closed for some number of years, but it was about 3 million cubic feet, and it was a Parallam facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: A couple of questions, I guess. First, on the lumber pricing, I know this is random, land was up about $35 looking at the composite. Obviously, you're in lots of different geographies, et cetera. But why -- your price is only up $9. Was that really just a geography and mix thing? Or do you sometimes lock in pricing early in the quarter and maybe that can affect things as well?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, you thought you might ask this question so here's what's going on. Very little blocking in prices. Actually what happened as we dug into this is, as you know, random leaks takes into account a variety of grades and widths. But it's mostly 2x4s and 2x10s, and that's normally pretty reflective of what's happening in the overall market. This quarter, mid-widths, which is 2x6, 2x8s, which are not included -- or not generally included in Random Lengths but are 40% of our volume at Southern Yellow Pine, were down 9%. So this is a quarter where random lengths, because of the mix and everything, went -- was significantly different than what our actual experience was. Now if you look at it overall, and we went back to compare it year-over-year, we're right on top of Random Lengths. Just this happens to be one quarter where the 2 are out of sync.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, got it, very helpful. So I just want to -- also, on the pension, so does that mean you ended the year at about like $100 million to $200 million underfunded? Am I doing the right math there, Patty?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, as you add all of our plans together, so that's a combination of our pension plans, as well as our post-employment benefit plan, they'll total about just under $500 million underfunded. If you look at just the pension plans themselves, it's really the Canadian plans that are underfunded. So you're about right on that number. But the total underfunded as we think about all of those. And as I mentioned, we don't fund the supplemental plan or the post-employment plan. So just pension alone, you're pretty much right, but altogether will be just under $500 million.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And then lastly, has there been any further thought on -- I believe you got like $700 million, $730 million of cash from the TRI Pointe transaction, as well as the shares going to shareholders. Has there been any further thought on the use for that money?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, as you know, and as we shared with the group in December, as we think about our financial priorities going forward, including the $700 million, first and foremost, we were focused on returning cash to shareholders. That will be primarily through a growing dividend going forward, but also through share repurchase where appropriate. Second is going to be investing on our business, again, through higher return projects to improve our cost structure and our margin. And we'll also look for opportunities to grow our business, but we'll be very disciplined in doing that through acquisitions that create value. And then finally, maintaining the appropriate capital structure to support a growing dividend, and we shared some of those metrics with you in December. So I give you that background just to say we are -- look, we understand the amount of cash we're getting. We understand the cash on the balance sheet. And we will, as we move forward through the TRI Pointe transaction, we'll be making decisions with what to do with that -- with the proceeds from that and exactly whether we're going to do a spin or split in all that. So what you could anticipate is we won't make a decision on -- we probably won't make a decision on the dividend until we have completed the TRI Pointe transaction, and then we'll be back to you at that point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Some housekeeping. I apologize if you already answered some, been doing a couple of calls at once here. First of all, Patty, did you say what the amount of pension expense will be in the P&L this year? I did catch the funding, but I'm not sure I caught the expense. And then the other housekeeping item, did you mention what was in the rather large tax adjustment in the fourth quarter? What drove that?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure. Yes, George, you guys have had a busy week. So let me -- in terms of answering the pension and postretirement expense, maybe the way to think about that would be to look at Chart 18 that's in the material. I did not give you the expense number in my prepared remarks. But as you look at that chart, if you looked at what we had for expense in 2013, in total, it's about $100 million. In 2014, the total expense will be just about flat. So we really won't have any expense to speak of. Now as you think about the business segments though, we do charge the segments their normal service cost. So overall service cost in the business segment was, I think, around $60 million in 2013. That will come down to around $40 million because the service cost comes down as the discount rate increases, and the discount rate did increase year-over-year. That $40 million offset then will be in the allocated segment as income in the unallocated segment because we want to make sure from a business perspective that we are charging the normal service cost into the business segment, so hopefully that's helpful there. On the tax, yes, I did speak to that. We had a number of years under examination, both in the U.S. and Canada, that we completed in the fourth quarter. You might recall, in the third quarter filing, in the 10-Q, we said that it was reasonably possible that we would be releasing up to $160 million of FIN 48 or unrecognized tax benefits as a result of those examinations, and that, that would be primarily related to the alternative fuel mixture credit. Remember, those go back to 2009. We had included the credit in income, and we had provided a FIN 48 reserve for those that now has been resolved. And so that's the reason, primarily the biggest part of the tax reserves that we released in the quarter.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Last question, and I'll turn it over. Totally different topic. Doyle, in the past, the company had a number of what I'd call incubation-like businesses within Cellulose Fibers. And years back, there was talk about carbon replacement products being generated by Weyerhaeuser. Obviously, you've had the jet fuel venture. How do you see those playing out over time within Cellulose Fibers? Do you see them as still viable in an environment where you are pursuing operational excellence obviously? Are there areas perhaps where there's been investment spending that maybe that needs to come down at some point?
Doyle R. Simons: Thanks for the question, George. And I'll tell you, at Weyerhaeuser, to your point, innovation has been a core value and will continue to be a core value going forward. With that said, what we -- as we go through the process we're going through on operational excellence, George, we're become -- going to go become very focused to where we're innovating where it adds value to the bottom line. So we want to make sure that the monies that we spend, the effort that we spend on R&D and innovation ultimately results in a benefit to our bottom line. So as we move forward, that's part of the process we're in, is making sure we have direct alignment, again, between the funds that are being spent, the effort that's being spent on innovation and how we ultimately drive value for our customers and for our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just to start, can you just maybe take a step back and give some broader color on what you're seeing in the Wood Product market, particularly on 2 things, one, comparing it to last year where there was clearly a lot of panic and tension, and also just if you've seen any sort of response given -- and any change in your business just given the decline in the Canadian currency over the last month or so?
Doyle R. Simons: I'll take your first question on that, Patty, to address the Canadian currency situation, but you cut out or maybe we cut out a little bit when you said comparing it to last year where we saw something, and I didn't hear [indiscernible].
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. Last year, there was just a lot of panic and tension. I mean, a lot of the supply hadn't come back yet that you had to jump in housing starts towards the end of the year. And I'm just wondering, have you seen your customers may be more cautious relative to last year given what happened with the price movement? Or given the fact that we did see another late year of ramp-up in housing activity, do they feel well prepared for the housing season that's coming up?
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. So let me talk specifics, and then I'll step back. If you look in terms of specifics, Gail, currently versus kind of the fourth quarter, lumber prices have continued to improve and are up probably $25 versus the fourth quarter average. OSB, as I mentioned, a little bit earlier, in response to a question, we've seen continued pressure there, and those prices are down somewhere probably in the $10 range. Specifically, regarding customers, I would tell you to your exact point, I think inventories are very lean. Customers are cautiously optimistic. They do remember kind of what happened last year. But I would tell you, as we talked to our customers, they are confident that we're going to continue to see growth in housing starts. And in fact, some of our customers' biggest concern at this point is will we have the supply to provide them with what they're going to need to service their customers going forward. So that's kind of how we characterize where we are versus where we were a year ago.
Patricia M. Bedient: And Gail, to your question about the Canadian currency, as you noted, the Canadian dollar has depreciated here of late. And typically, the effect of that is that it makes it easier for Canadian lumber to come into the United States. We really haven't seen a lot of impact as a result of that. That would be primarily the FPS that comes across, both from interior BC, as well as Eastern Canada. And as we've talked about in the past, from a supply perspective, the interior British Columbia is dealing with the Canadian pine beetle, and Eastern Canada is dealing with reductions in the allowable cut. The other piece that is a positive dynamic at that is that today, the export markets for lumber are much more robust than they were a few years ago when we saw a much weaker Canadian dollar. So it is something that we do track very closely. But so far, we haven't seen a big impact from that. And we also do have some Canadian production as well, so we are benefited to the extent that it will come to support.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a couple more. Your cancellation rate seems to have moved up a bit in WRECO. I'm just wondering if there's anything out of the usual there.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Gail, good question. We really haven't seen anything that we would say would be a trend. It did move up in the fourth quarter, but we haven't seen anything that we would say is really a trend year-over-year. The cancellation rate is in line. I think as we look forward to the first quarter, it's really difficult to tell based on what's going on in the markets because of weather, really severe weather, which you know well better than we do here in the West. Because sitting here in Seattle, which we often complain about the rain, well, there are no complaints about our weather this year compared to what the rest of the country is experiencing. And that does hit for us in our Winchester subsidiary in the Washington, D.C., Virginia, Maryland area, as well as even in Houston, which we wouldn't think would be suffering cold weather, but even the South is being hit. But in talking with our Real Estate folks, there isn't anything that we see that we would say is a trend. Mortgage interest rates are going up a little bit, but it's not a huge significant thing at this point, but we'll stay tuned to that.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a couple of quick modeling questions. I might have missed it, but can you give us any sort of guidance on what you'd expect the average price in WRECO to do in the quarter? Also, any guidance on the change in pulp downtime costs? And then just one quick last one after that.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure. The average price will increase relative to the fourth quarter. As you look at our backlog, the average price in the backlog is higher than what it has been in -- at the end of other quarters, so we'll enjoy that going into the first quarter. Margins will come down a little bit compared to the fourth quarter, really based on mix. To your question about maintenance spending, we'll have a little bit more maintenance spending, really more in the major maintenance area. The actual downtime won't be real significant. I would expect that overall, the increase in maintenance spending would be maybe $4 million to $5 million additional than from what we had in the fourth quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just quickly, I thought you mentioned your outlook for OSB, your guidance for Wood Products, you're assuming just a slight decline in OSB pricing? I just want to verify that I heard that, and does that imply that you're expecting a pretty healthy recovery through the balance of the quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, we said that it would be weaker relative to the fourth quarter realizations. So it is one of those things that sitting here in January, it has weakened. We would hope that, that would not be the case as we -- weakening further as we go through the rest of the quarter and start to see the spring building season. But that's something that we'll have to track. I think January is a difficult month usually to forecast for the quarter because it's a weaker quarter -- or weaker month for the quarter. And as you know, again, we are being challenged more this quarter because of the weather impacts, so we'll just have to see what happens as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLP.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wonder if you can help us think about the magnitude of the profit difference between China and Japan, and how that's going to change, especially as you sell more Doug fir to China, which sounds like a good thing. And second question, can you remind us how different Longview's end markets are versus the rest of your Pacific Northwest business?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, in terms of Longview, I'll take that one first. They do have a high percentage of premium logs as compared to our Western market, so a good percentage of that will go to the Japan market, as well as they also have, though, on a specie mix, a little more whitewood, and that's what you saw in the fourth quarter pricing to China. The mix was more heavily than our typical mix to whitewood versus Douglas fir. As I mentioned in my remarks, we will be changing that mix, so that mix will change a little bit in the fourth quarter to send more Doug fir to China. Now Japan will always compete for the highest-value Doug fir log because of the fact that they do build housing in the traditional post-and-beam construction, for example. They build housing out of wood as opposed to China being more of a construction activity use of the wood. But those -- that historical gap between China and Japan has closed a little bit based upon the strength of the construction activity taking place in China.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And do you think that's going to keep narrowing, Patty?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, it's always difficult to tell because you've got the activity taking place, and it is the additional supply dynamics as well. But we -- as we sit here today for the first quarter, certainly continue to see very robust demand coming out of China. So I don't see anything that will change it in the near term and, I think, just both of those economies in the longer term. But our demand from Japan has been very stable as well. So we like the fact that we've got 2 very robust markets now that we are -- have the ability to ship wood into.
Operator: Your next question is from Ketan Mamtora with Deutsche Bank.
Ketan Mamtora - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. Can you remind us what you have in the form of tax shields at this point, whether in oils or alternative fuel credits or anything of that kind?
Patricia M. Bedient: We do have some cellulosic biofuel products that we have to apply against our cash taxes. In terms of cash taxes, for example, in 2014, we don't expect to pay any additional cash taxes. I don't have the actual amount of the cellulosic biofuel credit, but you'll get a more detailed review of what we have in taxes, obviously when we file the 10-K, which will be here in the next couple of weeks.
Ketan Mamtora - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. But you do not expect any significant cash taxes in 2014?
Patricia M. Bedient: Correct.
Ketan Mamtora - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. And then on EWP, I saw the prices were up quite nicely year-over-year. Can you just talk a little bit about what you are seeing in that business in terms of just overall pick up, and then if you can tell us what the operating rates were in all the Wood Products grades in Q4?
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. Let me just start with the operating rates, and then we'll go back to the -- what we saw in pricing. But in terms of operating rates in lumber in the fourth quarter, operating rates were roughly 85%. A portion of that fall from the third quarter had to do with weather-related items. In OSB, the operating rates were approximately 89%. And in ELP, we've ramped up production there. If you factor out all the closed facilities and started-up facilities, we're nearing -- we're at much higher rates than we've been over the past few quarters in EWP. In terms of pricing, we've been encouraged by what we've seen in EWP from the standpoint that EWP normally does lag. Lumber and OSB as housing has continued to improve. Over the past year or so, we've started to see gained traction in EWP pricing. And while that will be lumpy going forward, we would expect that trend to continue going forward.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. And EWP pricing in terms of how we price the product, we aren't seeing a significant change in the first quarter. It really is a function -- the lower price realizations is really a function of mix in terms of the actual sale of the products that are going in. That business does have a very wide product mix ranging from TJIs to solid section to Timberstrand and Parallam, so it's really a mix that's moving that. Demand continues to be very good.
Ketan Mamtora - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got you. That's very helpful. And then just one last one. You mentioned a couple of times about weather. I was wondering if it is possible at this time to sort of quantify what that impact would be in Q1.
Doyle R. Simons: No. It's difficult to do for Q1 because we're right in the middle of it. As you know, I'm kind of just giving you a sense as every leader of every business that we have came to me yesterday and gave me an update on exactly the impact from weather. So whether it be in our Timberland, whether it be in our Wood Products operations or Cellulose Fiber, all of those are experiencing some impact from weather. Just for lumber, for example, we've already lost 20 days in our lumber operation due to either the impact from frozen logs or impact from roads being closed or whatever that -- or something freezing in one of our sawmills, so difficult to give any impact this point. We did do that exercise for fourth quarter. And I can tell you, in our Wood Products operation, which is where the impact was in the fourth quarter, that number was probably somewhere between $3 million to $5 million in the fourth quarter, and we'll be continuing to monitor the weather impact in the first quarter, as Patty said. As Patty said, we are hopeful that as we move forward through the quarter that the weather improves, and we can make up some of the impact that we've experienced over the last couple of weeks.
Patricia M. Bedient: So we'll be running some additional days in lumber, for example, to make up the additional volume that was lost in the additional days that Doyle was talking about, and that's primarily days in the South.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question is on looking at the land sales, you mentioned in the first quarter when you gave the guidance on the Timberland, it was excluding the land sales. And I know there's 2 components: What you sell and what you transfer. And I noticed -- I know the fourth quarter tends to be a big number, and the first quarter is low. In '13, that swing was about $25 million. Should we kind of see that kind of a swing as well where it might go from $30 million in the fourth of last year to something in the single digits in this quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient: I think the way to think about it, Chip, is we had $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, and we really wouldn't see much at all in the first quarter of 2014, so that -- about a $20 million swing quarter-to-quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then could you give us some help on the interest expense you think you'd see for the year? And I know that you might have to qualify it, given the WRECO situation, but I know it popped up in the fourth quarter and -- as we expected. But what -- should we annualize that number x what we think happens to WRECO, or what would you have us do?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, Chip, remember that in the fourth quarter, we had a loss on the early extinguishment of debt, that was the Longview Timber debt, and we put that loss in interest expense. So be sure that as you look at the fourth quarter interest expense, you back out the $25 million early extinguishment that we called out for you as a special item. Past that, I think you've got the debt. The interest rates, I think, are all -- I mean, there's no change really there as well. So I think that, that will give you a pretty good guidance in terms of what to put in for the full year of 2014, and we don't have any maturities now coming due in 2014.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. So $350 million to $355 million. And then on the -- you mentioned real quickly on the tax situation, at least for the black liquor part, I would imagine that's all noncash, is that right?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. We do have, in terms of some refunds coming back in 2014. So it wasn't cash in 2013. But in 2014, as a result of closing out some of those examinations, we do expect to get some refunds back. That's one of the reasons why we have no cash taxes due in 2014 on a net basis.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And then the last thing is you mentioned in the guidance on the Cellulose segment, a little more maintenance, and I know there -- that there are a lot of moving parts as you go to a longer cycle for the mills. What -- can you give us some idea as to how that will unfold throughout the year? Will there, for example, be very high or very low maintenance quarters that you can identify at this point?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, yes, there will -- it will be lumpy because it will depend on what we do in terms of the mills, probably the biggest lumpiness will occur in our liquid packaging operation because we do have some capital projects to tie in later this year. I don't recall whether that's third quarter, but I think it is. So you will see some lumpiness through the year. On a year-over-year basis, other than that extended outage at Longview for that capital, it'll be pretty steady. It'll be different in terms of the mills, so where we take the maintenance. But the total amount will be up a little bit because of the liquid packaging extended maintenance outage. Other than that, not much difference. So in 2013, we had 1 mill that didn't have an outage. So our New Bern mills didn't have an outage in 2014. We've got 2 mills that won't take an outage, and then that will continue as we go through a full cycle of implementation.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question or comment. Just on the question, have you -- besides EWP and distributions' hard cost savings targets by the end of the year, have you been able to put a more definitive time line on the $260 million that you identified on that -- in the New York -- your New York Analyst Day in lumber must be in Cellulose Fibers?
Doyle R. Simons: In -- as I mentioned in December, we have set those targets. We will be working forward on those. You'll start to see those -- some of those bottom line improvements as early as the first quarter of this year, and then we will give you updates on a periodic basis or probably on an annual basis as to exactly where we are. So again, we don't know. Some of it's capital intensive, some of it's not. We don't know the exact timing. But I could tell you, we are focused everyday on executing against those specific initiatives and those operational excellence targets that we set forth. The other part of it that is near term just like EWP and distribution is the SG&A cost savings, which we indicated we would be at a run rate of $75 million lower by the end of this year, and we are confident that we will, in fact, achieve that.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Is there -- just for modeling, is there a range that you can give us for what you expect in '14?
Doyle R. Simons: Well, I mean, I think the range would be the things that you've outlined, the specific numbers on EWP, the specific numbers on distribution, the specific numbers on SG&A. And then again, you can -- it's not going to all be back-end loaded in the numbers. As we said, it's going to be a 2-, 3-, 4-year process. There will be some lumpiness, but there will be benefits that show up as early as the first quarter. And as early as the first quarter and clearly in by the end of 2014, we'll see some benefits. And again, the ultimate measure, as we said in December 17, is going to be our relative performance versus the competition, and I'm confident you're going to see that improved going forward.
Patricia M. Bedient: Paul, the other thing that I would just caution a little bit on modeling is remembering that the cost target that we've given you, for example, in lumber, our cost targets of lowering our cost net of logs. As you know very well, the biggest percentage of cost in lumber is the log cost. So log cost is continuing to escalate, which is a good thing for us in terms of our Timberland business. But net-net to the lumber cost, if you were just looking at the P&L, the cost net of logs on a per 1000-board-feet number should be lowered, but the absolute number of cost will fluctuate based upon log cost.
Operator: And your last question will come from the line of Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Doyle, in Timberlands, in what you call International Operations, which I assume is Uruguay, you've shown dramatic revenue growth over the last several years through 2012, and then it fell 15% in 2013. So a couple of questions related to that. One, what caused the downdraft in revenue and, I guess, earnings? And two, are there plans -- if I'm right, it's Uruguay. Can you tell us where the state of the forest and the converting operations are in their plans to double that revenue in the next whatever years?
Doyle R. Simons: So I'll try to answer your -- the second part of your question and then, as Patty did, to deal with the first. So Uruguay, as you indicated, is a primary component of our international operation. We are focused on continuing to grow trees there. As you may recall, Josh, we just planted those trees not that many years ago, so we're not in the full harvest mode at this point in time. So as time passes, we'll be able to generate additional revenue and earnings off of those -- off of that 300,000 -- approximate 300,000 acres of land in Uruguay going forward.
Patricia M. Bedient: And sure, Josh, the revenue in the international segment has fluctuated. It is only Uruguay as we sit here today. It has included some China. It has included some other smaller pieces. So -- and the other thing is that from time to time, it has included some land sales in Uruguay as well. But as we sit here today, it is purely focused on the Uruguayan operations. And the end product that we produce there is lumber appearance or panel -- appearance panel that we come out of there. The other thing that has been in international operations is we had a small joint venture in Brazil, which also has now been curtailed since a year ago. So going forward, I think, and especially as panel markets start to pick up, we will see some of that reverse.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. So I mean, it's been consistent growth until last year. So you believe that will be back on track? And could -- but -- so could it have been land sales that caused that down or...
Patricia M. Bedient: It's likely the land sales. I don't have the detail of that in front of me. We would be happy to take it off-line and walk through it with you, there have been some land sales in Uruguay in the past. So there's some lumpiness that comes into that as well.
Doyle R. Simons: Okay. If I understand it, that was our last call. Let me just conclude by thanking everybody for your interest in our company and, as I mentioned earlier, goes to you all.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, again, for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Doyle R. Simons - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Compensation Committee and Member of Finance Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Evan Wingren - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Good morning. My name is Natalia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Q3 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Ms. Kathryn McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Please review the statements -- the warning statements on our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. On the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. A GAAP reconciliation can be found in the earnings materials, which are on our website. Discussing third quarter 2013 this morning are Doyle Simons, Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Doyle. Doyle?
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Kathy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today. It's been a busy almost 3 months since I joined Weyerhaeuser, and as I've said before, I'm excited to be here. This morning, I am pleased to report solid third quarter earnings of $157 million or $0.27 per diluted share on net sales of $2.2 billion. This is a 34% increase in earnings compared with third quarter 2012 and a 28% increase in adjusted EBITDA compared with year-ago levels. Let me now turn to our business segments, starting with Timberlands, Charts 2 to 4. Timberlands contributed $118 million to earnings in the quarter, up $4 million from second quarter 2013 as the contribution from a partial quarter from the Longview Timberland acquisition mostly offset a smaller-than-expected seasonal decline in earnings from the company's legacy Western operations. In addition, non-strategic Timberlands dispositions were up modestly in the quarter. In the West, log sale realizations were down in both domestic and export markets. Fee harvest from legacy Western lands was seasonally lower and as expected, road and silviculture expenses increased in the quarter. In the South, log sale realizations in the third quarter were flat compared to the second quarter and fee harvest volumes were up modestly. We continue to be excited about our acquisition of the Longview Timberland and are fully engaged in leveraging our silviculture, logistics and marketing expertise to realize the full potential of this outstanding asset. This transaction closed on July 23 and contributed $16 million in earnings and $26 million in EBITDA in the quarter. Going forward, we will be focused on maximizing the earnings and cash flow from all our Timberlands. Wood Products, Charts 5 and 6. Wood Products contributed $79 million to earnings in the quarter, down from $136 million in the second quarter, but above the $59 million of earnings from third quarter 2012. Average sales realizations for OSB declined 26% in third quarter 2013 compared with second quarter 2013, and realizations for lumber fell by approximately 7%. The effect of these lower prices was somewhat offset by higher sales volumes across all product lines and lower log cost in the West. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $110 million. In lumber, EBITDA was down $26 million in the third quarter compared with the second, as lower prices were partially offset by higher volumes and lower log cost, especially in the West. In our lumber operations, we are focused on continuing to drive down our cost structure and improve our margins. In OSB, EBITDA was down by approximately $42 million in the quarter compared to second quarter as significantly lower prices were partially offset by higher volumes and lower fiber costs. We continue to be focused on lowering manufacturing cost and delivering high margin products to our growing customer base in this business. Engineered Wood Products generated EBITDA of $16 million in the quarter compared with $7 million in the second quarter of 2013. This improvement was due to higher prices in volumes and lower costs. We are committed to continuing to improve the operating performance of this business. The Distribution business remained challenged in the quarter as it worked through higher-priced commodity inventory. We expect improved results from this business in the fourth quarter due to our performance improvement initiatives. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 7 and 8. Cellulose Fibers contributed $47 million in the quarter, down from second quarter 2013 as higher-than-anticipated costs associated with the scheduled shutdown of a liquid packaging board facility, higher fiber costs associated with wet weather in the South and higher chemical costs in the quarter more than offset slightly higher pulp realizations due to mix. We are focused on 3 priorities in this business: first, we will continue to drive down our cost through operational excellence; second, we will focus on developing new specialty products to improve our margins; and finally, we will continue to support our growing global customer base. Our ramp up of our new modified fiber facility in Gdansk, Poland is going well. Real Estate, Charts 9 to 11. WRECO reported solid results as Real Estate contributed $33 million of earnings in the quarter, more than double the contribution during the second quarter. Single-family closings increased seasonally by nearly 21% over the second quarter, and margins improved to 22.3% as margins increased due to previously implemented price increases. As Patty will share with you in more detail in just a moment, we expect a very strong quarter in this fourth -- we expect a very strong fourth quarter in this business with closing volume increasing nearly 50% in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter. In a moment, I will come back with some general comments on markets, but let me now turn it over to Patty to specifically address our fourth quarter outlook.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everybody. The outlook for our fourth quarter earnings is summarized on Chart 13, and I'll begin the outlook discussion with Timberlands. In the West, export realizations are expected to be comparable to the third quarter on higher sales volume, primarily as a result of including a full quarter's operation of the Longview acquisition. Domestic realizations are expected to increase slightly. Lower sales volumes from our legacy Western ownership will be offset by increases from the Longview acquisition. Fee harvest in the West is expected to increase by about 10%, and Longview accounts for most of this increase. Costs are anticipated to be lower in the West due to decreased silviculture spending. In the South, realizations are expected to be slightly lower due to mix. Fee harvest is expected to increase on a seasonal basis. Logging costs are anticipated to increase due to a slightly longer hauling distance this quarter. Silviculture costs will also increase due to the timing of treatment. Sales of non-strategic Timberlands are anticipated to be modestly lower. Overall earnings in the Timberlands segment are expected to be comparable to the results in the third quarter. In Wood Products, the fourth quarter is traditionally one of the weakest earnings quarters of the year as we close out the building season and mills prepare to perform minor maintenance and capital projects during the slower holiday season. As a result, we expect to see lower sales volumes across most product lines and flat to potentially softening prices as we progress through the quarter. We continue to focus on controlling inventories and matching supply with demand while driving further operational improvement. We anticipate that log costs will increase in both lumber and oriented strand board. Earnings in the Wood Products segment are expected to be lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, but still above the $38 million we earned in the fourth quarter of last year. In Cellulose Fibers, pulp realizations are continuing to move up, and shipment volumes are also expected to increase modestly. Worldwide inventories of softwood pulp are well-balanced and exchange rates are favorable. Maintenance expense should be lower as we have fewer days planned for maintenance outages. We anticipate higher productivity and decreased chemical costs during the quarter. We expect that earnings in the Cellulose Fiber segment will increase significantly during the fourth quarter compared to the third. In Real Estate, we opened 8 new communities in the third quarter, and we expect to end the year with a community count in the mid-80s, which compares to 62 communities at the end of last year. At the end of the third quarter of this year, our backlog of homes sold but not closed was 1,435, an increase of 36% compared to a year ago. Although we have seen some weakness in consumer confidence, driven by the current uncertainty of governmental actions, we continue to believe that we will see improved results as housing recovers. During the fourth quarter, we expect to close over 1,100 homes or approximately 35% higher than the fourth quarter a year ago. The average price per closing is projected to be higher than the third quarter, with gross margins between 21% to 22%. Selling costs will increase as a result of the additional closings. We also expect earnings from land and lot sales to be comparable to the third quarter. Overall, fourth quarter earnings in our Real Estate segment is expected to increase significantly compared to the third quarter. I'd like to touch on unallocated items, and unallocated items are shown on Chart 12. During the third quarter, we had a very large positive adjustment for the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. This is the result of reductions in inventory, primarily in Wood Products. We do not expect the fourth quarter adjustment to be of the same magnitude. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. I'll be referencing numbers on Chart 14 for these comments. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of approximately $900 million, comparable to the second quarter, excluding cash associated with the financing of the Longview Timberland acquisition. In July, we purchased the equity of Longview Timber for $1.58 billion in cash and assumed debt of approximately $1.1 billion. During September, we issued $500 million of new debt, and earlier this month, we borrowed an additional $550 million under a term loan, which, together with cash on hand, were used to repay the debt assumed in the acquisition. As a result of the early repayment of the assumed debt, we will have a charge for early extinguishment of approximately $24 million in the fourth quarter. Debt repayments for the third quarter, exclusive of the acquisition, totaled $163 million. Fourth quarter maturities are approximately $69 million. After the fourth quarter, we have minimal maturities until 2017. In addition, during the third quarter, we replaced our existing revolving credit agreement with a new $1 billion agreement that does not expire until 2018. There are no borrowings outstanding under this agreement. Capital expenditures, including reforestation for the third quarter were $76 million, bringing our year-to-date expenditures to $179 million. We still anticipate spending for the full year to approximate $300 million. Now I'll turn the call back to Doyle, and I look forward to your questions.
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you, Patty. In terms of markets, and specifically housing markets, we continue to be encouraged as long term favorable housing fundamentals remain in place. With that said, the housing recovery appears to have taken a slight pause due to higher home prices, higher interest rates, although still very low by historical standards, slowing job growth and the antics of our government. However, we continue to believe we are in the early stages of a longer-term return to trend levels of housing starts. Forecasters now [Audio Gap] that there will be approximately 950,000 U.S. housing starts in 2013 and somewhere between 1.1 million and 1.2 million starts in 2014. The housing starts long-term average is north of 1.5 million units. So there's still a lot of runway in front of us. We are focused on driving ROI and cash flow to capitalize on the upturn, as well as appropriately positioning our sales for the future. On that note, we will host an investor meeting in New York on December 17. In that meeting, we will address where Weyerhaeuser is today, where we are going and what we are doing to make this a truly great company for our shareholders. We look forward to sharing our thoughts and plans with you at that time. Later this morning, we will put out a notice containing the details of the meeting. Finally, regarding our previously announced process to explore a range of strategic alternatives for WRECO, we are fully engaged in the process, continue to be encouraged by the interest in this business and will be back to you when the process is completed. Until then, as I'm sure you will understand and appreciate, we will not have any further comment on the strategic review. With that, we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Doyle, a couple of bigger-picture questions maybe to start. You mentioned driving cash flow and ROI within Weyerhaeuser in the years ahead. Are these going to be the primary metrics that you focus your team on, or are there any other metrics that we should be aware, that you can discuss at this juncture, that you'll be using to gauge the progress of the company? And then you mentioned a couple of times, certainly within Wood Products, and I think also within Cell Fibers, that you are focused on lowering manufacturing costs to paraphrase at this juncture to the point -- to the extent that you can comment where do you see the opportunities to do that?
Doyle R. Simons: Good morning, George, and thanks for the question. I would say in terms of your first question, clearly, ROI and cash flow will be key metrics for our company going forward. But I wouldn't say they'll be the sole metric, but clearly, those will be key metrics for our company going forward. We look forward to our conversation on December 17, at which time we will provide hopefully a lot more clarity on, again, where we are, where we're going, how we're going to get there and how we will measure our progress along the way. In terms of Wood Products, one of the things we are focused on throughout the company will be to continue to drive down our cost and specifically, our manufacturing cost. What we're looking forward to doing is delivering high-quality products to our customers, products that our customers want and are willing to pay for and doing that at the lowest possible cost. So that will clearly continue to be a focus for Weyerhaeuser going forward.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Doyle, maybe the follow on and I'll turn it over, do you see the opportunity more driven by process or by needing to maybe put in more investment or some other factors as well? And then just quickly, and I'll turn it over, should we expect that your overall operating profit in WRECO in 4Q is up versus last year's level?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. I'll address the first question, and then I'll ask Patty to address your second question, George. But in terms of opportunity, I think it's all the things you listed. I mean, it will be process, it'll be -- we'll look at opportunities to drive down cost across-the-board. Again, what we're focused on is producing high-quality new products for our customers and doing that at the lowest possible cost. So we'll be looking for opportunities to do that. Some of those opportunities will require some capital. Some of those will not. With that, let me ask Patty to address your second question.
Patricia M. Bedient: So George, your second question, I think, was profit in WRECO this quarter compared to a year ago, fourth quarter compared to a year ago?
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Correct.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, I think that the thing that swings from quarter-to-quarter is that -- and I don't remember fourth quarter a year ago, how much we had in terms of land sales and lot sales in the fourth quarter. Our single-family home-building business will be very strong in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to 2012. And I think -- as I've mentioned in the comments that at this point, we would expect a comparable amount of land and lot sales, although as you know, they're quite lumpy but comparable to the third quarter, which I think was about $9 million.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, just starting on the longer-term -- the near-term outlook for housing, when you talk about consensus numbers of 1.1 million to 1.2 million next year, from kind of what you're seeing from the market and hearing from your customers, how much confidence do you have that consensus has it right?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, as you know, predicting housing numbers is always a little difficult, Gail. I would tell you that when you step back and look at the long-term fundamentals, I continue -- we continue to be very bullish on housing. As I mentioned, there has been a slight pause here due to a lot of factors, but clearly, in my mind, we have and we'll continue to have an upward trend in housing as we start to approach the 1.5 million to 1.6 million average over the next few years. And I don't know exactly what the slope of that line is going to be. I think it has flattened a little bit just because of the issues that I raised. But we'll see how it plays out, but I think, in my opinion, the 1.2 -- 1.1 million to 1.2 million is a pretty good guess at this point in time.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, and I mean, the pause that you're seeing, I mean, how significant was it? I mean, it looks like WRECO buyer traffic was down pretty significantly. Was that seasonal or was that reflective of the uncertainty that we saw rise with interest rates coming up in DC?
Doyle R. Simons: I think it was a combination of both, Gail. I think clearly, again, as we had the shut down from the government, as we had prices go up in houses and some other factors, we saw a pause. But again, I think pause is the right term. I don't want to overstate the pause. And again, if you look at the underlying fundamentals, they continue to be strong and in place and I think will drive housing going forward.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick question on Engineered Wood. Given what's been going on in terms of the input costs, do you see the recovery as sustainable, or at some point, would you expect to see some price pressure emerge as customers kind of start pressuring you given some of the cost relief of lumber and OSB pricing?
Doyle R. Simons: I think in that business, as we mentioned, we saw a nice improvement in the quarter, Gail. Now there will still be seasonal factors that will have an impact. And as Patty outlined, fourth quarter is a slow seasonal quarter. But longer-term, that's a business that we're encouraged by what we're seeing on the pricing front, probably need additional pricing going forward. But more importantly, we're focused on our operations and making sure that we provide, on a cost-effective basis, the products that our customers need.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citibank.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In Wood Products, you talked about your expectation for improved distribution performance in 4Q, and I was wondering if you could give us any color on the performance improvement initiatives that are driving that improvement. And then maybe what is the magnitude of earnings improvement you're expecting versus the loss this quarter, and how much of that is really driven by the performance initiatives versus just sort of working through inventory?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, good question, Anthony. And the improvement that we anticipate in the fourth quarter, as you just highlighted, will be driven primarily by 2 factors. One is the fact that we will have worked through most of the high-priced inventory in the fourth quarter. And then secondly, as I mentioned, we have some very specific profit improvement initiatives, including real focus on operational excellence. And again, making sure we have the right cost structure in that business that we also have a very focused effort regarding growing specific product lines that we need to continue to grow in that business to make it a profitable business going forward. So back to your original question, 2 key drivers for the fourth quarter: one, we will have worked through the high-priced product; and secondly, we have a very focused profit improvement effort in place in that business, and I think we'll see the impact from both of those in the fourth quarter.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. But it is safe to say that maybe more of the benefit of the performance improvement initiatives are -- will be seen in 2014, or just in terms of the time frame of completing some of those initiatives?
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. Sure, Anthony. Yes, we will see the initial -- I mean, we've been working on it, but we'll see, like I said, some of them in the fourth quarter. But it's not just solely in the fourth quarter. We will continue to build those into 2014 and beyond. So these aren't onetime initiatives. This is an ongoing effort to improve the operations of our distribution business.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just switching to Timberlands. Do you think that this quarter's EBITDA contribution from Longview, adjusting for the fact that you only had 2 months, is representative of what the business could do over the next few quarters? And do you have any updated view on synergies or the time frame to realize those synergies?
Doyle R. Simons: Sure. In terms of Longview, like I said, we're excited about that acquisition and are pleased with the results in the third quarter. To your specific question, I think the third quarter adjusted for the things you just said is generally representative. The other thing I would say is as you know, third quarter in the West tends to be, seasonally, a weak quarter, so you should factor that in as you think about this acquisition going forward as well. In terms of synergies, as we've previously stated, we anticipate synergies -- achieving synergy savings of approximately $20 million. And I would tell you we are on track to achieve those synergies by the end of 2014 at a run rate.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just -- I want to come back to distribution again because you've now got another publicly traded peer out there with the distribution business. They've made $21 million the last 2 quarters. You guys have lost $27 million. I mean, how much of this do you think is maybe just different treatment from an inventory standpoint? And what are the other issues here? Because it's a huge delta.
Doyle R. Simons: Yes, Mark, we understand the delta that is in place. I can tell you I think part of it does have to do with -- my guess is, and it's only a guess because I don't know what our competitors do, but I think part of it may have to do, at least in the third quarter, with the treatment of inventory. As I mentioned earlier though, we understand the gap and the opportunities and challenges that we have in that business, and we are focused on improving that business everyday.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Doyle, do you regard that business as somehow kind of intertwined with your Engineered Wood business, that especially you have to be in Distribution to be successful in Engineered Wood, or not?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, we look each of our businesses individually, and we expect each of our businesses to achieve above cost of capital returns over a cycle.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just in Wood Products, you talked a lot about improving cost of things. Are you doing anything just to kind of rethink maybe how Weyerhaeuser has approached markets from the commercial side? In other words, thinking about how you sell, how you go-to-market, whether you're really kind of getting the best dollar you can for everything you produce?
Doyle R. Simons: Sure, Mark. As I mentioned in my initial comments on Wood Products, one of our key focuses is delivering products that our customers want and are willing to pay for. And a big part of that is who our customer base is, how we go to market. As you know, we have very -- we produce very high-quality products here at Weyerhaeuser, and I think our customers appreciate that. And we just need to make sure we have got the right customer base in place and that we're delivering quality products that our customers want and are willing to pay for.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. And the last question I had is just on the Timberland side. Your log prices were down quite a bit quarter-to-quarter, but I notice that you're export mix skewed to China. I know they typically buy lower-priced logs. I just -- I wondered whether kind of a mix shift in where you were selling contributed to that $10-drop in log -- average log prices.
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, as you -- we talked about on the quarter outlook for the third quarter on our last call, pricing was projected to be weaker in the third quarter because of the seasonality, and we did see that. And now we're starting to see those prices move up again. In terms of the mix, we do have a higher percentage of the total mix going to China. Part of that is because of the Longview acquisition of just exporting more into China overall. So I think from a mix perspective, China does impact that a little bit, but we did say that pricing would come down somewhat in the third quarter, as it does on a seasonal basis.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: First question is as we look at your -- the company's last couple of years, capital spending has been quite a bit below the depreciation, and that's understandable because of the purchase accounting and -- some of it is at least, and depletion. But I mean, Doyle, as you look at things, do you think something down in the sub-250 range, is something that's sustainable, or could there possibly be opportunities either in the Wood Products business or maybe a requirement for boiler rebuild or something in the Cellulose business that we should keep an eye out? In other words, should we see CapEx remain at about half of depreciation?
Doyle R. Simons: Chip, we're -- as I mentioned earlier, I've been spending a lot of time with our senior management team over the past few weeks, and we are right in the middle of that process regarding capital. That's something that we will share with you at the December 17 meeting and probably even get more specific when we release fourth quarter earnings. I can tell you generally, Chip, in terms of our financial priorities going forward, first and foremost, is going to be to return cash to shareholders, primarily through a growing and sustainable dividend. But also, at the appropriate time, share repurchase. Second will be to invest in our businesses through high-return projects and look for opportunistic growth opportunities. And then finally, making sure we maintain the appropriate capital structure for our shareholders going forward. So that's generally how we think about it. But again, we'll be back to you with much more detail in a couple of months.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. I know that in -- a couple of years ago, the company changed the way they did maintenance in the Cellulose business and found a way, I believe, to cut costs by shifting from annual to, I guess, every 18 months. And I didn't know if that's something that you felt was good and likely to be sustained, or if you think that there could be some tweaking to the way you look at the costs, especially for maintenance in the Cellulose business.
Doyle R. Simons: I think -- Chip, thanks for the question. I think that is something that's good and will continue. As you know, we are in the process of phasing that in, and I think we'll start to really see the benefits of that in 2014 and 2015. But I think that is the right approach. It ultimately, over time, will lower your maintenance expense and also a key benefit of that, of course, is you improve your productivity because you're not going down as often in your mill system.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question is can you give us an update on the restart of the Alabama engineered wood products facility? How much capital do you think you'll need to put in to get that up and going? And how do you see the trajectory of the volumes out of that facility going into the market?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Alex, thanks. I think the important thing to keep in mind about our Evergreen mill in Alabama is that we announced that we would be restarting it. But the actual restart is not projected to take place until late spring of 2014, probably around in the May time frame before we'll actually producing significant product at that location. Anytime you're starting up a mill that's been down for more than a year, it certainly takes time to put a workforce in place. And so we're very focused on doing that. From a capital perspective, we will need to put some capital into that mill because it has been down for some period of time. But it's not a huge increment of capital. So I think that as the market continues to recover, especially for engineered wood, we're really looking forward to bringing that capacity online at a time that the market will really need it.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then on lumber, as I look at your shipment numbers quarterly relative to what you state is your capacity number for lumber in the 10-K, it seems like you're essentially running at capacity even though housing is well below normal levels. As you think about the medium term, do you expect you will be able to grow your lumber shipments with the market without having to put significant capital into your system? Or will you have to put in a significant capital to be able to do that, given you're essentially running at capacity based on the numbers that are reported?
Doyle R. Simons: Alex, I would say we're running somewhere in the low- to mid-90s in terms of operating rates in our lumber operation. And what we're focused on every day is improving our reliability in our lumber operations and doing things to get additional production where it makes sense to do that. So that's the focus of our lumber operation going forward.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one more question on pulp. Softwood inventories are in excellent shape, prices are moving up while, on the other hand, hardwood inventories are elevated and prices are moving lower. There seems to be a significant amount of hardwood inventory that -- hardwood capacity that will be coming online over the next 12 months. As you talk to your customers, what kind of impact do you think all this new hardwood capacity that's entering the market, what kind of impact do you think it may have on softwood pricing and your Softwood business?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, Alex, it's difficult to know exactly what the impact will be, but our products from a fluff perspective are really focused more in the softwood grade. And in addition to fluff, we have a number of specialty proprietary products in the fluff grade spectrum. So our focus really is on, as Doyle said, is to continue to drive down costs, which is always a good thing. And then really in our product mix, in addition to our products today, to developing new products. In the priorities for the business that Doyle spoke to in his comments, #2 priority was innovation around specialty products, things like the product that we announced, which we call THRIVE, which is a cellulose-based product that has some promise for us going forward in terms of the automotive industry and others. So we're working on all fronts. But difficult to know exactly what that hardwood capacity will be, but it doesn't substitute directly for fluff today.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Two questions. How much of the improvement in Engineered Wood was attributable to the lower OSB prices? And second, you commented a little bit on the increased sales from Longview to China. China for you has been relatively low margin. Is there an opportunity to move some of that Longview capacity into higher-margin markets, or is this just going to be a shift a little bit down in the overall mix?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, I'll try to address your first question, and then I'll ask Patty to address your second question. In terms of the improvement in ELP in the quarter, I don't know exactly how much of that was attributable to the lower OSB cost. But as I mentioned, it's a -- it was a -- the improvement was a combination of lower cost and improved revenues in that business.
Patricia M. Bedient: So Mark, as you think about the Longview acquisition, one of the things that you are not seeing as much of an impact in terms of the overall revenue, and that chart is a revenue chart that's in the web slide, is that we actually did purchase, through third-party purchases from Longview, some logs to go to Japan to round out our inventory needs for Japan, as we do on the marketplace. So that's why you don't see the significant change there. It's not that Longview logs are not going to Japan. They're now going as Weyerhaeuser logs. The other thing that I would say is as the light wood market becomes stronger, we will take advantage of shipping whitewood off, to the extent that we have it, off the coastal lands of Longview to take advantage of both the China market, as well as the Korea market. So the mix will move around, but we will ship the appropriate log to the appropriate market to get the best margin out of that. One of the opportunities for us in terms of driving synergies from that acquisition is that even though we were purchasing logs from Longview, we now have the trees and we have the opportunity to merchandise the cutting of the tree into logs to get that -- pull the highest grade to the highest market for that. So we, as Doyle said, really are very pleased with what we've seen so far.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A quick question on Japan. How should we look at the effect of the consumption tax increase next April? And how do you expect that to flow through in terms of timing on export log sales to that country and the magnitude of the drop-off once that tax is in?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Paul. Difficult to know because the consumption tax is just one of the factors that affect the demand. Right now, we're seeing very strong demand. There is projected to be a small move up in the consumption tax, but the Japanese government has also -- proving to be very accommodative to housing financing. So I think that if that consumption tax does move up as it is projected, that we'll also likely we see some potential benefit to the overall housing economy in Japan. So difficult to know, but our own view at this point would be that demand will continue to be strong in 2014. It may have some slight impact from the consumption tax. But it is something that we're monitoring pretty closely.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then I just had a follow-up question for Doyle. Just you've been there almost 3 months now. What's most impressed you at Weyerhaeuser? Where do you see your biggest challenge?
Doyle R. Simons: Thank you for the question. And I would tell you when I showed up at Weyerhaeuser, I spent the first few weeks going around to our facilities, meeting our people and really listening -- learning and listening a lot. Over the past few weeks, as I think I mentioned earlier, I have been spending a lot of time with our senior management team, kind of distilling everything that I learned when I was out visiting our facilities, kind of figuring out where we are, where we need to go and how we're going to get there. And that will be the focus of our Investor Meeting on December 17. And at that point in time, we'll spend a lot of time highlighting, like I said, where we are and what our biggest opportunity -- what our biggest strengths are and what our biggest opportunities are as we move this company going forward. So I look forward -- we look forward to sharing those thoughts with you on December 17.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Evan Wingren with D.A. Davidson.
Evan Wingren - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Given that a lot of your competitors have seen sort of log prices in the south up a little bit this quarter, I noticed that yours were flat. Was that surprising to you, given -- kind of given what we heard about the wet weather in the South as well?
Doyle R. Simons: Our log prices in the South, as you mentioned, we did not see much of a movement. There were, in various regions, impacts because of the significant wet weather. I think that's a portion of what you've seen in some of the competitors. Also, there may be some different inventory situations for various competitors as well. What I am encouraged about is, I think when you step back and look at it overall, I believe our pine sawtimber prices this year will be up probably 4% to 5% versus last year, when all is said and done. And probably more encouragingly as we continue to see housing rebound, demand continues to grow, we see the impacts of the Canadian situation, I'm convinced that we will see sawtimber, pine sawtimber prices in the South start to -- continue to increase, maybe even more rapidly as we move into 2014 and beyond.
Evan Wingren - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And kind of moving to Cellulose, the additional 6 days of maintenance you took, could you maybe just give a little more color on that? And maybe how much did that cost you in the quarter, if you could provide that as well?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. Part of the impact in the quarter was due to the additional downtime that we took. And above and beyond the downtime that was scheduled, we had a couple of additional downtimes at our liquid packaging operation that were a result of not coming up quite as well as we had planned in that operation. So that had a impact on the third quarter versus the second quarter as well. Now the good news is the liquid packaging operation is back up and running and running well, and there will be no impact from that shutdown in the fourth quarter.
Evan Wingren - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: All right, fair enough. And then on EWP again, I mean, do you have a range that you can provide maybe of what you think utilization rate was in that business during the quarter?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. Overall, there's a lot of different products, as you know, in that business. But overall, the operating rates were in the mid-60s for ELP in the quarter.
Evan Wingren - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And on the pricing side of that, are you seeing momentum sort of heading into the back half of the year, or maybe just sort of what are the trends you're seeing there on pricing, just moving forward?
Doyle R. Simons: Yes. As we indicated, prices were up in the third quarter versus the second quarter in ELP. And I think, clearly, the trend is for favorable pricing going forward. Now we've got to factor in the seasonality. And as Patty properly highlighted and as you very well know, the fourth quarter tends to be a slower seasonal period for Wood Products, including ELP. But I think we will see favorable trends in pricing in ELP going forward.
Evan Wingren - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And just one more kind of housekeeping. I sort of missed the extinguishment of debt cost, $24 million. Could you just bring that back real quick?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure. So when we acquired Longview Timberlands, that acquisition, we assumed debt in that acquisition and we repaid that debt early, in October. And as a result of repaying it early, there were some prepayment costs associated with that, and we expect that there'll be about $24 million of loss from early extinguishment of debt. That will be in the fourth quarter number. So I just wanted to make sure that you all have that number as you think about putting together your fourth quarter estimates.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: In the past, Weyerhaeuser has indicated their intent over the cycle to pay out roughly 75% of free cash flow in dividends. If as, through actions that you take, an increasing proportion of your cash generation in the future is coming from the more stable timber business, does that lend an upward bias to that 75% number?
Doyle R. Simons: Mark, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of our financial priorities, first and foremost is returning cash to shareholders primarily through a growing and sustainable dividend. So one of the things that we'll be continuing to monitor going forward is just exactly what the right payout ratio is in terms of our FAD contribution. So that's something we'll be looking at. But we understand and are committed to -- we understand the importance of and are committed to a growing and sustainable dividend going forward. Okay, as I understand it, there are no additional questions. So let me just close with a couple of comments. Let me start by thanking everybody for joining us this morning and for your continued interest in our company. And also, I just want to say, I look forward to seeing everybody on December 17 in the -- at the meeting that we will be hosting in New York. And as I mentioned earlier, we will be sending out details for that meeting later today. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel S. Fulton - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Doyle R. Simons - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Compensation Committee and Member of Finance Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Q2 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Brent. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. On the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a GAAP reconciliation can be found in the package. Joining me this morning to discuss second quarter results are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Doyle Simons, CEO elect, is also with us this morning. Doyle becomes President and Chief Executive Officer on August 1. I know you are looking forward to hearing from Doyle, but the purpose of this call is to focus on second quarter earnings and performance. As summarized on Chart 1, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter 2013 net earnings to common shareholders of $196 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, on net sales of $2.1 billion. Turning to our business segments, my comments reviewing the second quarter 2013 refer to changes from the first quarter of 2013. Beginning with Timberlands, Charts 2, 3, 4. Timberlands contributed $114 million through earnings, $10 million more than in the first quarter. The disposition of non-strategic Timberlands in Q2 was $14 million. Non-strategic Timberlands dispositions were $3 million in Q1. Export demand continued strong as export log sales rose 27%. Western log price realizations increased 9%. Both export and domestic prices were higher. Southern log price realizations were flat. Fee harvest volumes declined 4% in the West and were essentially flat in the South. Road and silviculture expenses seasonally increased. Wood Products, Charts 5 and 6. Wood Products contributed $136 million to earnings, $42 million less than in Q1. During the quarter, lumber sales volumes increased 13% and oriented strand board sales volumes rose 3%. Price realizations declined 8% for OSB, and lumber price realizations were slightly lower. Engineered wood product volumes were flat, while prices increased 4% for both solid section and TJIs. Log costs were higher in the West. Manufacturing costs increased due to downtime and repairs associated with the fire of our Arcadia, Louisiana OSB mill. Engineered wood products' maintenance expense was higher than normal, and raw material cost increased. Margins in the distribution business were adversely affected by the steep drop in commodity prices during the quarter. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 7 and 8. Cellulose Fibers contributed $57 million to Q2 earnings, $26 million more than in Q1. Scheduled maintenance costs were $7 million lower than in the previous quarter. There were 12 annual outage days. Higher productivity resulted in a 4% increase in pulp production. Energy fiber and chemical costs were lower. Slightly higher electricity sales at Grande Prairie also contributed to lower manufacturing costs. Real Estate, Charts 9, 10 and 11. Real Estate contributed $14 million to earnings, an increase of $14 million from the seasonally weak first quarter. 636 homes were closed in second quarter, a 25% increase over the same quarter last year and a 37% increase from the first quarter. The single-family growth margin increased to 21.6% due to mix. The average closing price increased 3% to $405,000. At the end of the second quarter, the backlog, the number of homes sold but not closed, rose 27%. Q2 includes $2 million in earnings from land and lot sales. Unallocated, Chart 12. Unallocated expense in the quarter netted to 0. The elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO was an expense of $24 million in Q1 compared to a gain of $8 million in Q2. Unallocated share-based compensation was an expense of $7 million in Q1 compared to a gain of $5 million in Q2 due to the change in stock price. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We've had a very busy quarter at Weyerhaeuser. This morning, I'll provide some color on our second quarter performance beyond the specifics that Kathy has just reviewed. In addition, on June 16, we made a series of significant announcements that we discussed in a call on June 17. Following my discussion of second quarter results, I will recap those announcements and provide an update related to those matters. Let me first address our second quarter results. I'm pleased to report that earnings for the second quarter increased significantly from the first quarter, more than double last year's second quarter results. As noted in our earnings release, it is a fourfold increase before special items. During the quarter, the U.S. economy sent mixed signals. Private sector employment is increasing, partially offset by fiscal contraction. Consumer confidence in June increased to its highest level in 5 years. This is a big factor in bringing buyers back into the housing market. As I discussed during our May analyst meeting, we still believe that we're in the early stages of a longer-term return to trend levels of housing starts. Existing home sales continued to improve both in volume and price. Retail inventory continues to be limited. New home sales continued to increase, and new home inventory continues to be especially tight. There was less than a 4-month supply available in June. Total new housing starts in June were seasonally adjusted 836,000 was a bit of a shift towards the higher percentage of single-family homes. Forecasters now estimate that there will be approximately 1 million starts in 2013. Most projections for 2014 are up an additional 20% to 25%. Home prices for both resale and new homes continued to rise in most markets. Both the recent Case-Shiller and National Association of Realtors' indexes report year-over-year increases of 10% to 15%. The greatest uncertainty in the U.S. economy today seems to be the role of the Fed in managing interest rates and the signaling about its strategy to taper asset purchases. Global economic activity affects our Cellulose Fibers and Timberlands business segments, and growth remains fragile. The U.S. dollar continues to strengthen against the Canadian dollar and the euro, and we've seen a significant weakening in the Japanese yen as a result of government policy designed to spur domestic growth. Now I'll comment on the performance in each of our businesses in the second quarter, starting with Timberlands. In Timberlands, as Kathy noted, operating earnings were essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, with total earnings up slightly due to disposition of non-strategic Timberlands. In the West, we continued to benefit from our long-term strategy of maximizing returns by leveraging log exports. Japan remains our primary export market, but all of our Pacific Rim markets remained strong, with volume and price increasing in the quarter. Our new Longview Timber acquisition is a perfect fit with this strategy, as these acres are well positioned to flow volume to Weyerhaeuser's strategically located Pacific Coast export facilities and then to overseas markets. The market story in the South hasn't changed much from last quarter. Our risk volumes were flat, sales volumes increased slightly and prices remained essentially flat. As U.S. housing continues to recover, we expect southern log volumes to gradually improve but with a somewhat slower price response as deferred harvest volume comes back into the market. Our Timberlands operations are focused on extracting the most value from the current market, relying on our low-cost scale harvesting and hauling capabilities, as well as directing our logs to the highest end-use markets. In Wood Products, we had another strong quarter, though earnings declined quarter-over-quarter. Wood Products contributed the highest earnings of all of our businesses in the second quarter, $136 million, and delivered $227 million in cash flow. Over the last few months, a question frequently asked is whether the market has bottomed. We entered the second quarter with lumber and OSB prices at levels not seen since the top of the last housing boom. Prices peaked in the early weeks of the quarter then fell steeply until bottoming around the end of the quarter. From peak to trough during the quarter, Random Lengths' composite lumber price fell almost 30%, and the Random Lengths Index for 3/8-inch OSB fell over 40%. Despite these significant price adjustments during the quarter, year-over-year, our realizations are up over 50% for OSB and almost 25% for lumber. While lower than the peak at the beginning of the second quarter, prices are at a level that provide opportunity for good returns for our Wood Products businesses. As I've noted in the past, fundamental demographics and improving consumer confidence are major factors in bringing fires back to the market. Housing is recovering but has a long way to go before reaching trend. Our Wood Product volumes in the second quarter support this point. We had solid volume takeaway across all product lines. As we look forward, we continue to be encouraged by the opportunities we have in Wood Products. We're taking advantage of improving demands for our lumber, OSB and Engineered Wood Products. At the same time, we continue to focus on operational improvements that reduce cost and improve revenue opportunities. Moving to WRECO. As Kathy noted, and as you can see on our web slides, volume, price and margin all increased during the quarter. Volume increased as a result of normal seasonality as well as continued recovery toward long-term trend levels. Our community count increased over 10% from the first quarter, leading to a strong increase in sales. We remain on pace to increase our net community count by 16% this year. June sales were unseasonably strong. This is the first time that June sales exceeded May sales since 2005, a signal of continued recovery in our markets. Second quarter sales activity was strongest for us in the California markets of L.A., Ventura and the Inland Empire, followed by Phoenix and Houston. Prices were up in all of our markets quarter-over-quarter. Last quarter, I expressed concerns about cost increases eroding margins of pre-sold homes. However, our experience in the second quarter is that prices are increasing faster than cost, allowing us to maintain and gradually grow margins. Even with the increasing level of closings during the quarter, our improved sales raised our backlog by over 25% over the prior quarter at almost 40% year-over-year. In 2012, we closed over 2,300 homes. At our analyst meeting in May, we forecast that 2013 closings would increase to 2,800. Today, we estimate that we'll close nearly 3,000 homes this year. We expect a large percentage of our backlog will be delivered in the fourth quarter, historically our most active quarter for home closings. My final business comments relate to our Cellulose Fibers segment. Overall market conditions for pulp and liquid packaging were again relatively stable in the quarter. Our earnings improved significantly, primarily as a result of reduced maintenance expense and higher productivity. Pulp sales volumes were essentially flat, while volumes increased modestly for liquid packaging. When we talk about the strategy for our Cellulose Fibers segment, we focus on 3 elements. First, we strive for continuous improvement in our manufacturing through increased operating efficiency and reduced cost. Both of these contributed to our quarter-over-quarter improvement. Second, we need to continue to develop innovative products for new markets and improved margins. During the quarter, we added several new customers for our Pearl product, which will lead to future increases in sales volume. We also moved closer to commercialization of our THRIVE cellulose-based composite product. And third, we want to support our growing global customers. In June, we completed the qualification process and shipped our first commercial product from our new modified fiber facility in Gdansk, Poland. Now I'll briefly recap the major announcements that we made on a very busy Father's Day, June 16. First, we announced the acquisition of Longview Timber LLC, whose primary asset is 645,000 acres of unique, high-value Timberlands strategically located in Washington and Oregon. This acquisition expands our timber holdings in the Pacific Northwest by 1/3 to approximately 2.6 million acres. It also increases the total amount of timberlands that we own or control to nearly 7 million acres. The total purchase price, including the assumption of debt, was $2.65 billion. I'm pleased to report that this acquisition closed earlier this week, and Tom Gideon and his Timberlands team are now on the ground working with the Longview Timber team. This timberland enhances our leading position as the largest owner of timberland in the region. These lands are highly complementary and contiguous with our existing ownership in the area. We intend to leverage our silviculture, infrastructure, logistics and marketing expertise to reap the full potential of this valuable asset. Second, in conjunction with this acquisition, we announced that our board intends to raise our quarterly dividend from $0.20 to $0.22 per share. This increase should begin with our third quarter dividend, which will be declared in August and payable in September. This will be our third dividend increase in the last 4 quarters, bringing our total dividend increase to 47% over that time. Third, we announced that our board has authorized a process to explore a range of strategic alternatives for WRECO. These alternatives could include continuing to hold and operate WRECO, or a merger, sale or spinoff of the business. Given the improving fundamentals of the housing market generally and of our own operations and the strategic growth markets, especially California, we want to explore strategic alternatives for the business to ensure that WRECO achieves its full potential. There can be no assurances that the board's evaluation process will result in any transaction or that any transaction it pursued will be consummated. However, we are fully engaged in the process, and we are encouraged by the interest that we've received. We do not intend to comment further unless or until the evaluation process is completed or terminated. Our final announcement on June 16 was to report that I will be stepping down as President and CEO of Weyerhaeuser on August 1. Doyle Simons, who is previously Chairman and CEO of Temple-Inland and has been a member of the Weyerhaeuser board since June 2012, has been appointed by the board as my successor. On August 1, I will become Executive Vice Chair, in which capacity I will serve until my planned retirement in October when I turn age 65. After August 1, I will provide support to Doyle as we complete the transition of responsibilities. It has been a privilege for me to have been able to serve as President and CEO of the company for the past 5-plus years, and I'm especially pleased to have Doyle follow me. Now before turning the call over to Patty, who will discuss our third quarter outlook, as well as provide a financial update, I'd like to give Doyle an opportunity to say a few words. Doyle?
Doyle R. Simons: Good morning, everybody, and thank you, Dan. I am truly excited to take over as President and CEO on August 1, and Dan will be a very tough act to follow. As Kathy mentioned, the focus of today's call will be our second quarter earnings. I look forward to speaking with each of you on the third quarter call and beyond. With that, let me turn it over to Patty to discuss our third quarter outlook.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Doyle, and good morning, everybody. The outlook for the third quarter is summarized on Chart 13. I'll begin the outlook discussion with Timberlands. In the West, export price realizations and volumes are expected to be lower for the quarter. The Japan market is normally seasonally softer during the summer months due to rainy weather, and Japan continues to experience carpenter and construction labor shortages as a result of a strong housing market. In addition, China has entered its typical July slowdown. Domestic log markets in the West are anticipated to be weaker during the third quarter due to lower saw mill production in the West as a result of pressure on lumber pricing. In addition, we typically see more logs coming to market in the summer from the small, private, non-industrial land owners who don't have adequate road systems to harvest on a year-round basis. As a result, we traditionally plan a lower fee harvest volume in the West for the third quarter. We also accelerated some harvests into the first half of this year to take advantage of the strong export market. While we do anticipate a slower third quarter, we expect activity will again pick up later in the year. In the third quarter, we will also see increased road costs in the West as we expect more seasonal road maintenance and spur roadbuilding as is typical this time of year. In the South, overall price realizations are anticipated to be comparable to the second quarter. Although fee harvest volumes should be higher due to seasonally better weather, this increased volume will carry a heavier mix due to first settings [ph]. We're also planning higher cost from seasonally increased silviculture treatments, which again is typical of the quarter. We expect that earnings from non-strategic landfills will be somewhat higher in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. As Dan mentioned, we closed on the acquisition of 645,000 acres of high-value timberlands in the West just a couple of days ago. We're very excited about the opportunity that these lands provide going forward. However, the third quarter results will only include about 2 months of activity. The positive effect of these incremental earnings will be more than offset by the seasonal slowdown in our existing operations and therefore, we expect that overall earnings in our Timberlands segment will be lower in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. In Wood Products, as Kathy discussed, prices for both lumber and OSB declined throughout the second quarter, such that we began this quarter at significantly lower levels than the average of the second quarter. Current prices for lumber and OSB are improving. However, we expect third quarter average realizations for OSB will be down substantially compared to the second quarter, and average realizations for lumber will also be lower. Engineered Wood Product sales realizations are expected to improve modestly. Sales volumes for OSB and engineered wood are expected to increase, while volumes for lumber should be comparable to the second quarter. Log prices in the West should be lower in the third quarter, comparable to the second quarter for the South and slightly higher in Canada. OSB and engineered wood manufacturing costs should improve given higher production, and we expect lower OSB web cost for I-Joist. The improvement in manufacturing cost will not be enough to offset this quarter's lower average sales realization in OSB and lumber and, as a result, we expect that earnings in our Wood Products segment will be significantly lower in the third quarter compared to the second. However, given the recent improvement in prices, a strengthening housing market and our continued focus on operational improvement, we expect that earnings will be well above the third quarter of last year. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect modest improvement and average sales realizations and volumes for pulp and liquid packaging board. The effect of these increases will be offset by higher maintenance costs associated with increased planned annual outage days in the third quarter compared to the second, as well as the impact of the lost productivity associated with the maintenance downtime. We expect that third quarter earnings in our Cellulose Fiber segment will be comparable to the second quarter. In Real Estate, we expect continued improvement in our single-family homebuilding business as a result of a strengthening housing recovery, especially in Southern California, as well as the seasonally stronger third quarter compared to the second quarter. Sales have continued at a brisk pace, and we expect to close over 700 homes in the third quarter compared to the 636 closed in the second quarter. Average closing prices are anticipated to be comparable to the second quarter at about $400,000 per closing. Price increases have been implemented in most of our communities, which will result in margin expansion for future closings. We expect margins of approximately 20% in the third quarter, which is slightly lower than the second quarter due to mix. Volume costs will be higher as a result of the increased closing volume. We anticipate a slight increase in our earnings from land sales compared to the 2 million in the second quarter. Overall, we expect that earnings in our Real Estate segment will be higher in the third quarter compared to the second. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. I'll refer you to Chart 14 for this discussion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of just over $900 million. This does not include the cash rate in our June equity offering of approximately $1,450,000,000. These funds are segregated on our balance sheet as they were designated for the acquisition of the Longview Timber lands. Excluding these funds, cash increased approximately $270 million compared to the end of the first quarter. Cash from operations increased from a negative $61 million in the first quarter to $374 million in the second quarter. Year-to-date, for the first half of the year, we had capital expenditures, including reforestation, of approximately $100 million. We still expect to spend up to $300 million for the full year, so the activity will pick up in the second half of the year. Excluding the Longview acquisition, we have debt maturities for the remainder of the year of just over $230 million, of which, just over $160 million is due in the third quarter. With the closing of the Longview acquisition earlier this week, we assume debt of just under $1.1 billion. We expect that we will repay this debt in the fourth quarter and replace it with unsecured longer-dated maturity debt. We expect that this will be a combination of bank and public market debt, the mix and timing of which is still to be finalized. Finally, Chart 15 summarizes the changes in our share count as a result of the equity offerings we initiated in June for the acquisition. With that, I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, we had a very busy quarter at Weyerhaeuser. We had solid financial results with all 4 of our businesses contributing to increased profitability. From a strategic perspective, we're excited about our acquisition of the 645,000-acre Longview Timber asset. This acquisition is consistent with our stated intent to play to our strength and grow our timberlands base, taking full advantage of our Timber REIT structure. And finally, the strategic review of our WRECO business evidences our commitment to ensure that WRECO achieves its full potential for the benefit of our shareholders. And now we welcome your questions and comments.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Dan, best of luck. I guess you talked about -- and WRECO is seeing strength in June business this year than in May. I'm wondering if you can give a little bit perspective on July with interest rates rising? Have you seen any sort of changes in consumer behavior in WRECO?
Daniel S. Fulton: We have not seen any significant changes in behavior, Gail. The thing that was noteworthy about June was as we look at the pattern of sales, it was noteworthy because normally, we see some summer slowdown. But in fact, June being stronger than May, it was the first time that's happened since 2005. And so to me, that is evidence that we are on a path of this longer-term recovery. So you think about where housing starts are today as compared to long-term trend levels, we've got a long way to go. And so we should expect to see steady improvement, and so we're breaking some of these seasonal patterns, and that's a good thing.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one other quick question. Patty, can -- the Wood Product guidance for the third quarter, are you assuming that the current -- the recent price improvement in OSB and lumber continues? Or is it kind of based on current levels of pricing?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, it is that it will continue to improve for all the reasons that we talked about in terms of the underlying fundamentals, but it will still be well below what the average was for the second quarter. But as I said, we do expect that while it will be less than what we earned in the second quarter, it will still be well above the third quarter of last year. So I think that will give you a little bit in terms of the guideposts of what we're looking at out of the Wood Products segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So your pulp business is doing fine. What I was wondering is if you could tell us how well you think the market has absorbed the new capacity that other people have been bringing on? You haven't seen quite the impact that some others have, but I'm just curious if you think competitive pressure there is still significant. And then the second more specific question, with respect to logs in the South, I'm curious how much the wet weather has actually affected your production. Obviously, we're all talking about demand, but I'm curious whether we're going to see a production impact from all the rain that we've had.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Mark. Well, with respect to the pulp market, as Patty commented, thinking about the third quarter guidance, we are seeing relative stabilization. There has been some change in supply, some going out of the market with Rayonier completing their shift in their mill. Fundamentally, we rely on the relationships with our longer-term customers, and so we feel relatively confident about demand levels going forward. We would certainly benefit from a pickup in global growth because there's been some softness. But at this point, I think the reliance that we have on our longer-term relationships with large global customers has served us well.
Patricia M. Bedient: I think the other thing as we think about our Cellulose Fibers business relative to other commodities plus producers is that we do have a number of specialty products within that particular space. I think Dan referenced the Pearl product and certainly, our cross-linked product that is -- commands a higher price, also probably underpins the fact that you haven't seen as much pressure on ours as probably some of our competitors.
Daniel S. Fulton: And then you had a question about logs in the South, Mark?
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Yes, I'm just curious whether the weather that we've been seeing mostly in the Southeast has had much impact and is going to have much impact on you down there?
Daniel S. Fulton: We do not expect a significant impact in the third quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: I think that as we look at our Timberlands business, we do expect that we will harvest more fee volume in the third quarter, as I said, which is typical. We did -- probably one place where we'll see some additional impact is from -- earlier in the second quarter, we would have likely done a little more silvicultural treatment traditionally. But because of the wet weather, some of that did get deferred into the third quarter. So it's really more from a copy [ph] perspective that you'll see some impact for our particular operation.
Daniel S. Fulton: Another element, Mark, is -- one other element, Mark, is that we have -- generally, a road system that's in better shape than perhaps some of the smaller owners.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Congratulations to Dan and Doyle. I wanted to ask a kind of an arcane question. You mentioned that we don't see an improvement in the, I guess, EBIT of the Timberlands segment, and I was wondering if one reason could be accounting for the write-up of inventory of logs that you obviously have to do when you make an acquisition? And if -- and as you work down those inventories, if they've been written up, that could help raise earnings in future periods?
Patricia M. Bedient: Chip, there really isn't a big impact from the write-up of log inventory in that we don't carry big log inventories in the Timberland business in the West. So if you're thinking about large log decks that typically you would see in the West, those might be in competitors' saw mills but certainly not in the Timberland business. So we really won't have a big inventory as we make the acquisition. And Longview typically didn't carry big long inventories as well. So we really look at the activity in the third quarter from Longview, being the fact that we will really only have that for about 2 months. And then also, they have the same impact in terms of pricing for the third quarter that I talked about in the export market, certainly that we are looking at as well. So we do believe that as we go into the fourth quarter, we expect that pricing will be picking up and that we will then also have had the 2 additional months on the ground to really start to work on some of the logistics and marketing synergies that we talked about during the call on the announcement of the acquisition.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you. And then just a quick follow-up. As we go from the third to the fourth quarter, how will the maintenance expense in the Cellulose segment change? More specifically, the impact of not taking this much down time if we leave price neutral?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, we're really only talking about guidance for the third quarter on this particular call, Chip. So in terms of giving fourth quarter guidance, we'll probably defer to the fourth quarter. But most of our maintenance did happen to a great extent earlier in the year. So I would expect that it will be somewhat lighter, but I don't have specific guidance for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Dan, best wishes for your retirement, and we appreciated the interactions that we've had over the last couple of years with you. Thank you for that. A couple of quick questions for you. First, it seems like you guys saw a pretty good pricing momentum on the EWP side. Can you just talk about how you see your utilization rates in that business and opportunities perhaps for a little more prices as you move through the balance of 2013?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Alex. As we've talked here about Engineered Wood Products, it is the product line in Wood Products that is most closely tied to new home construction. Utilization rates have been relatively low in this business during the recession, and we've been talking about the fact that we would expect it to start to pick up with housing recovery. And so we've seen, I would say, early stages of that. And as construction starts, continue to pick up, that will affect that business pretty significantly because the products that are produced are going into new home construction. As we've talked about, our own experience in WRECO with the increase in sales, and we look at broad housing start numbers, we are starting to see the momentum of this recovery, and it should translate into increased sales activity for the engineered products and with the facilities that we've got. That will be evidenced in our higher utilization rates. So that's what we've been expecting to happen, and so we're starting to see early evidence of that.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just a question on sawlog prices in the U.S. South. We continue to flat line even though we're -- you're 2 of a housing recovery. Do you think there's much visibility there in terms of just where the inventory levels actually are and how long do we take to be able to work through the deferred harvest levels in the U.S. South and actually see some sort of uptick in sawlog prices in the South?
Daniel S. Fulton: We've discussed in the past the fact that there were more deferrals in the South than in the West because of the fact that the West has export potential. Additionally, there are more small land owners in the South. And what we are seeing is as housing begins to pick up, there is an increase in volume, but there's not that significant cost pressure that there is in the West. So it will happen eventually, but I can't call the timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Best wishes, Dan. I just had 2 areas I wanted to ask about. First, Patty, can you give us just any guidance going forward from kind of harvest volumes and mix at Longview, both in the third quarter and then on an annual basis thereafter?
Patricia M. Bedient: I really don't have numbers to give you on that, Mark, but I would tell you that we will be looking at accelerating some harvest over what historically Longview has done. So maybe pointing you towards the filings that we made of the Longview financial statements in the first quarter of this year. So you can see 2013 first quarter and then 2012 as well. So we'll be accelerating that harvest because of the maturity of the forest, as well as, as we enter again into the fourth quarter, we'll see export activity beginning to pick up; as well as, as we look at lumber pricing continuing to improve domestically in the West, we expect that we'll be seeing a pickup in domestic log activity as well.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. The other thing I wanted to ask about is just the distribution business. I really appreciate the fact that you've segregated that out now. You had a $13 million EBITDA loss in the second quarter. We know that there were inventory issues with the falling prices. I'm just curious about how you would think of -- have us think about that business on a going-forward basis and also if there's sort of a level of housing starts that you think will get you to EBITDA breakeven in that business, and maybe even what like 1.5 million starts might mean for profitability in the business.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Mark. In the second quarter, the operating losses that we had in our distribution business were, in large part, related to the significant drop that was experienced in prices for the commodity OSB and lumber. Some of that is a function of the level of inventory that we're carrying. Some of that is the function of the challenges in that business with that kind of a price decline. Longer term, I can't put a number on housing starts as to what level it will take in order to return that business to profitability. I can tell you that our focus is on improving operations today as it has been with our other Wood Products businesses in order to be profitable at the level of starts that are available to us in today's market, rather than projecting it in the future. So as is the case with our other Wood Products businesses, we had a significant number of initiatives underway to improve operations. I'm confident that we will see some progress, but obviously, we're disappointed with what happened in the second quarter. And we believe that as the market picks up, we will certainly benefit from the leverage of the business, but we also need to make operating improvements.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citigroup.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Congratulations to Dan and Doyle. Just following up on Wood Products, I was wondering if you could share your operating rates for the 3 businesses. And during the quarter, we obviously saw a decline in lumber and OSB prices, and there were discussions of some mills out West taking downtime. And I'm wondering if that lumber price weakness caused you to step back from adding shifts or any flex capacity? Or if you could share with us what you saw in the quarter?
Daniel S. Fulton: In the second quarter, Anthony, our operating rate for lumber was elevated slightly, so we operated at about a 93% operating rate. And OSB operating rates were flat to the second quarter at about 88%. And then our I-Joist business, we were roughly 45%, and then sawlog's a bit north of 55%, which is consistent with where we were in the prior quarter. In terms of our production rates, we do adjust based upon market demand. We have -- in each of our markets, we focus on operating the right shifts at the right time with the right capacity and will continue to adjust to market conditions. And [indiscernible]. As we -- go ahead, Anthony.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe switching to the log side, and for 3Q in the West, you referenced potentially weaker export prices. And I'm wondering, as you went from maybe the end of the quarter into July, if you have any -- if you could share any kind of view on log prices to Japan and China? And in your comments, you -- when you discussed sort of weakness in China, you seemed to reference it as being pretty seasonal or sort of typical seasonal weakness. And I was just wondering if you could give us a view on the Chinese market as well.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Anthony. It's Patty. As we think about the China market, it, as well as Japan, was strong in the first half of the year. And as I've said, typically, in China, when you get into the July time frame, very hot. The workers really go back to more of the rural areas, and so we always see somewhat of a seasonal slowdown in China. And that really is our view on China as we go through the third quarter, which will be softer. But we expect it will pick up again in the fourth quarter. So that really is seasonal from our perspective. And your other question was?
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just in terms of price movement from June to July. Are you seeing a meaningful deterioration of export prices out West? Or are they basically stable? What are you seeing?
Patricia M. Bedient: It's a little softer as we talked about on the guidance. It's not a huge drop. Prices are still good. It's just that, relative to the second quarter, they will not be as strong.
Daniel S. Fulton: Anthony, just to add a little bit of color, we had actually very strong sales in the second quarter to China. They picked up quite a bit from the first quarter. China is primarily a buyer of whitewood rather than Douglas fir. As you know, our -- Weyerhaeuser lands are very heavy to Douglas fir, the -- as are the Longview Timber lands. But the Longview Timber lands have a little bit higher percentage of white wood, and we'll be able to take advantage of that in providing some additional supply to the China market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Congrats again to both Dan and Doyle. My question, my first one, is on WRECO. You mentioned that sales levels have been brisk. June was an outlier relative to May versus the last 7 years. You mentioned that pricing seems to be outpacing cost, if I heard you correctly. And from the homebuilders as well, you've been seeing generally strong outlooks into the third calendar quarter. And so while I realize that you're seeing a modest improvement in WRECO profits thus far into the third quarter in your guidance relative to 2Q, I'm wondering why we aren't seeing a little bit more lift now, Dan, in terms of homebuilding profits. In the past, you've talked about mix. What factors are limiting factors now, if any? And when do you hope to surmount those? Thanks, and I had a follow-on.
Daniel S. Fulton: Let me talk about the increase in sales activity throughout the first and second quarter and the impact on our backlog. So at this point, when we talk about backlog, George, you're aware that backlog includes -- so it's sales of homes that have not been closed yet, and they may be homes that are completed or under construction or still to be built. We have very, very low levels of standing inventory and so for most part, our backlog has a longer-term delivery cycle, which would shift more of those closings and backlog to the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter. So you see what we've done so far in the first 2 quarters, Patty talked about the deliveries that we expect in the third quarter. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we've now increased our expectations for closings for the entire year. So we expect having a very strong fourth quarter, likely a higher percentage of fourth quarter closings than we have seen in quite a number of years. Even though fourth quarter is generally stronger, this fourth quarter, I think, will be stronger than most. There is a mixed shift that takes place quarter-to-quarter, and it is impacted by where those houses are. And so we had a higher percentage in the second quarter in San Diego, including some homes that we thought we'd close in the third quarter that actually closed at the very end of the second quarter. And at the same time, we had a shift of some homes that we thought would close in the second quarter that moved into the first couple of weeks of the third quarter. So that mixed shift does matter. The most significant factor in what you highlighted is that in our remarks, we said that we are starting to see some margin improvement as we're able to pass through price increases. So on a same-store basis, we are seeing margin improvement. But in some quarters, that's clouded by mix. So our view is that over the longer term, we should expect to see those higher margins show up in the closings that we would see coming in the fourth quarter and perhaps even into the first quarter of next year.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I understand. And Dan, the relative question I had, in the last few quarters, you've talked about mix being dampened by, I think, some level of more affordable housing being built into your communities. Will that factor be lessened to any great degree over the next few quarters? Or is that always going to be something you have to contend with? Should we see a better margin from here on out as that mix factor lessens hopefully?
Daniel S. Fulton: So what you're referring to is the issue of margins on affordable homes that we are required to build in some master-planned communities as part of the overall master plan entitlement. It has affected us most significantly in the Maryland, Virginia suburbs of Washington D.C. where we build affordable townhomes as part of larger master plans. That will still be a factor, and it's a factor because when we deliver those affordable homes, we generally do it with a block of homes at one time. And so there's a larger percentage perhaps in any given quarter. But as our volume picks up generally, that would be a smaller and smaller percentage of our overall closings. And so we should expect that the impact of that will be diminished as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I guess, like Mark Wilde, I was trying to get some help modeling Longview, and I'll try a different approach. If we look at the purchase price and assumed, say, a 6% discount rate, that would imply annual sales of $160 million. Would that be a good way to add to your legacy land base and then maybe give a little extra bump for the synergies and increased harvesting that you planned?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, I think the way to think about it, Steve, is really to look at what Longview has been harvesting. And I think that's around 475,000 to 500,000 board feet. And I think also, to think about your outlook for pricing in terms of how you think about what pricing will do on a go-forward basis, considering that there is a rich mix in terms of mature logs, but also logs that can go into the Japan market and that as we look at what will happen with their cost structure, we do believe that the synergies that we talked about, of about $20 million, we will get certainly over time but will get a significant portion of that even yet this year in terms of on a run rate perspective and that we will also access the marketing expertise that we have as well. On the flip side, as you think about the historical amounts for Longview, we will take out the purchase price, most of which will be Timberland, and we will pool that with our Western lands in terms of a single rate for depletion. I think I would refer you to the pro-formas that were in the prospectus that we filed for the equity offering, and you can see how that will roll through the financial statement. For the third quarter, that cooling didn't have a significant impact on the results, but it could in the future as we go forward, given the mix of what we would harvest from Longview and what we would harvest from our existing Western lands.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And I -- just as a follow-on, having done such a large transaction, should we consider you to be still in the market? We know you want to grow your land base. Or are you out of the market for Timberlands for a little while?
Daniel S. Fulton: We're always in the market trying to improve, what I would call improve our hand in our land position. A lot of that activity happens on a quarter-over-quarter basis with $10.31 exchanges, where we can improve the return on -- to hold on all of the lands that we have, and the way we do that is we have to maintain an active position in the market. So we're exposed to opportunities that emerge. We'll take a look at them. And as we talked when we announced the Longview acquisition, we've looked at a lot of property over the last several years, and this was really one that had an extraordinary fit to us for a lot of reasons. So we'll be cautious. But for the right property, we will be certainly taking a look. But we've got a lot to absorb with the Longview acquisition, and our focus right now is to integrate that into our operations and to capture all of the opportunities that it brings us.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Two quick ones. One, on the pulp business, you had some initiatives underway with the intent of reducing maintenance costs sourced -- spreading that out over 18 months instead of 12 months. Can you give us an update on how that's proceeding and whether that will have any impact on 2014?
Daniel S. Fulton: We've made a lot of progress in shifting to an 18-month scheduled maintenance schedule, Mark. We've talked about this over the last couple of years. It takes some time to implement this on a mill-by-mill basis because, in some cases, we have had to invest in some operating equipment to allow us to do that. In other cases -- in every case, we have to have an approval from a regulatory body at the state or, if it's not state-controlled, even our own insurance carrier. So we've been working through that process. And additionally, all of our mills, with the exception of Grande Prairie, have received an approval to go to an 18-month outage schedule. Grand Prairie is still being evaluated. And in some cases, where we receive an approval, it'll be subject to further review after that first 18-month cycle to be sure that we are operating safely. Our focus is to be sure that we're doing it safely. But we've made great progress, and you should expect to see some of the benefits begin to play out in 2014. But really, 2015 probably will be the most significant impact.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And I believe at one point you had said about $40 million would be a potential benefit from that. Is that still a good number?
Patricia M. Bedient: I don't remember what the exact number was that we had before, Mark. But there's no reason that we would see a change from what the number was that we had before, but I don't have the prior ones in front of me. I think just as we think about the mills, we have underway now with us -- we are completing the annual outages for some of the mills in 2013. They are on their 18-month outage. So you don't see it in '13 because their outage did take place. But their next outage will be 18 months from now. So some will not have an outage in '14. We do have 1 mill that didn't have -- won't have an outage in '13. So what we're trying to do is stagger those because it is a function of not only the maintenance between, timing between, but also the staging of customer orders as well. So it is underway as we speak. And as Dan said, we would expect, with the exception of Grande Prairie, which is still -- we're looking at it. We expect to try to move that one as well. But we would expect all of them during 2014 to be on an 18-month schedule. That doesn't necessarily mean they won't all have an outage in '14, though, but they will be on a staggered basis.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay, great. And then if I'm doing my math right, it seems like you're hoping, anticipating to have north of 1,000 closings in WRECO in the fourth quarter, and I'm trying to get a sense as to what type of gross margin you think is embedded in the backlog. I understand that in the third quarter, there's some mix, which is going to bring the gross margin down a little bit perhaps from the third quarter level. I think in the past, you've talked about low 20 gross margins. Are we at a point where you're able to achieve those types of gross margins on the backlog that you see? Or do we have to get to higher run rates for that?
Daniel S. Fulton: We have identified low 20% gross margins as a long-term number that you should be able to count on. And over a couple of quarters, we've had some mix issues. I don't want to provide guidance for fourth quarter margins at this point. You are correct. As you look at the estimated number of closings and -- I would fall back to my comments that we've been through a period where we had cost increases that were keeping pace with price increases. And in the second quarter, our price increases outpaced cost increases, and so we are encouraged about the longer-term direction of our margins. And as we look at the homes that are in that backlog, we would expect some continuing strength and pickup in margins, but we can't provide at this point a fourth quarter guidance number.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Okay. That concludes our call. I'll turn it back to Dan.
Daniel S. Fulton: So just some brief closing comments from me. First of all, as always, we appreciate your attendance today and your interest in Weyerhaeuser Company. I want to thank all of you on the call for your support during my tenure as the Weyerhaeuser CEO. The past 5 years have tested us, but through the hard work and dedication of Weyerhaeuser employees, we've adjusted to changing market conditions, and I believe that we're well positioned to continue to improve our performance in order to maximize the value of all of our assets. As I wrap up my final earnings call with you, I look forward to the experience and the energy and the commitment that Doyle brings to his new role. And then I'd like to add one final comment, and that is that throughout my entire tenure as CEO and the many times that we've been together with you in our analyst and investor meetings, and on the many calls that we've had for quarterly earnings and other special events, I've been joined throughout that process by Patty Bedient and Kathy McAuley. I just want to say that I've been incredibly blessed to have had their support along our path together, and I want to thank them in front of all of you. And I want to direct anybody that has further questions to follow up with Kathy. But we appreciate you joining the call, and I am really looking forward to the next phase of company performance and what Doyle will bring to it. So thanks very much, everybody, this morning. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel S. Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Carly Mattson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Q1 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. McAuley, you may begin.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Brent. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. On the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. A GAAP reconciliation can be found on Chart 19. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we review the first quarter earning material, Patty Bedient would like to make a few comments. Patty?
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everybody. As we begin our financial reporting for 2013, I want to call your attention to some additional information that has been included in our earnings release presentation material. This information is intended to provide you with some further insight into our reported results. I'll briefly describe some of the changes we've made to our earnings release slide package, and then Kathy will follow with her normal comments on the first quarter performance. We now present condensed income statements for both Weyerhaeuser Company and each of our business segments to assist you in comparing our quarter-over-quarter results. For Timberlands, we've provided additional detail on revenues from export log sales and the countries to which we sell those logs. This information is to help you understand the scale and diversity of our markets for our Western Timberlands. We've also included a quarterly detail of our nonstrategic timberland disposition. To better explain the earnings of our Wood Products segment, we are reporting the quarterly EBITDA for each of our major business lines: Lumber, oriented strand board, engineered Wood Products and distribution. In Cellulose Fibers, we've provided the total quarterly maintenance expense dollars in addition to our scheduled annual maintenance outage days. For Real Estate, we've included quarterly earnings from land and lot sales, as well as information on the number of lots we controlled at quarter end in each of our major geographies, similar to the information we report annually in our 10-K. We hope these changes will help you in your understanding of Weyerhaeuser, and we look forward to your comments and suggestions. And thank you for those -- that have been provided in the past. So now I'll turn the call back to Kathy for a discussion of our first quarter results. Kathy?
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Patty. As summarized on Chart 1, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter 2013 net earnings of $144 million or $0.26 per diluted share on net sales of $2 billion. Turning to our business segments. My comments reviewing the first quarter of 2013 refer to changes from the fourth quarter of 2012. Beginning with Timberlands, Charts 2, 3 and 4. Timberlands contributed $104 million to earnings, $9 million more than in Q4. Western log demand was strong in both export and domestic markets. Log price realizations increased 9%, and log sales volumes rose 7%. The fee harvest in the West was 6% higher. Export log sales increased 15%, and this is illustrated on Chart 3. Southern log prices were slightly higher and volumes declined. Wet weather in the South resulted in an 11% decrease in fee harvest volumes. Earnings from Timberland dispositions, this is new data available on Chart 4, were $3 million in Q1. Dispositions were $20 million in Q4 2012. Turning to Wood Products, Charts 5 and 6. Wood Products contributed $178 million to earnings, $140 million more than in the fourth quarter. EBITDA improved in all business lines. EBITDA by business line can be found on Chart 5. The strong lumber and OSB demand experienced in the fourth quarter continued through the first quarter. OSB price realizations increased $69 or $0.24 -- 24% to $359 per thousand square feet. Lumber price realizations increased $74 or 20% to $444 per thousand board feet. Lumber sales volumes were flat and OSB volumes were 2% lower. Sales volumes in Q4 were very high on a seasonal basis. Price and volumes increased for engineered Wood Products. Solid section prices were up 2% and sales volumes 19%. I-Joist prices rose 3% and production 16%. Operating rates increased across all product lines. Raw material costs were higher. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 7 and 8. Cellulose Fibers contributed $31 million to earnings, $30 million less than in the fourth quarter. Scheduled maintenance costs increased to $62 million from $45 million, and the number of annual outage days doubled to 12. In addition to annually schedule maintenance outages, there were projects to lengthen the mill maintenance cycle from 12 to 18 months. Fiber costs increased due to wet weather in the South. Average pulp price realizations declined slightly. Pulp sales volumes increased 2%. Production decreased due to the scheduled maintenance outages. Real Estate, Charts 9, 10 and 11. In the seasonally weak first quarter, Real Estate was slightly better than breakeven. This compares to a loss of $8 million in the same quarter last year. Earnings of $81 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 included an unusually high level of land and lot sales. As illustrated on Chart 11, earnings from land and lot sales were $65 million in Q4 and less than $1 million in Q1. 463 homes were closed in Q1, 1/3 more homes enclosed in the first quarter last year. First quarter closings were down from the seasonally strong fourth quarter when 842 homes were closed. The average closing price increased to $394,000, an increase of $13,000 in the quarter. The gross margin declined slightly to 19.5% from 20% in Q4. The decline was due to mix and raw material costs. At the end of the first quarter, the backlog of homes sold but not closed increased 46% to 1,131 homes from 744 homes at the end of Q4. The average sales price of homes in the backlog also increased. Unallocated, Chart 12. The elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO was an expense of $24 million. This was due to an increase in log and lumber prices and volumes. The unallocated corporate function expense was $5 million lower. Unallocated share-based compensation expense increased by $4 million due to a higher stock price during the quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. First quarter results exceeded our expectations, led by continued improvement in our Wood Products segment and in our Timberland segment. Our Wood Products business benefited from strong lumber and OSB prices. In addition, our ongoing focus on earnings improvement initiatives allowed us to take full advantage of improving markets. Our Timberlands business benefited from an improving U.S. housing market and strong export demand. We're realizing the significant operating leverage that comes with housing market improvement. Our steadily improving operating results, coupled with our outlook for continued housing recovery, led our board earlier this month to increase our dividend. Combined with an increase just 6 months ago, this represents a total increase of 33% since October 2012. Before I discuss the performance of our business segments, I'll provide a brief comment on select economic conditions that affect our company. First, the U.S. housing market. The U.S. housing market continues its recovery towards long-term trend demand levels. I'll cite a few statistics that help to inform our discussion of operating results during the quarter, as well as our outlook for next quarter. Though our primary focus for our company is on new construction, we look at the overall housing market, both existing homes as well as new homes, to better understand and respond to longer-term supply-and-demand balance. Sales of existing homes have increased year-over-year, leading to a drop in inventory. We now have less than a 5-month supply of existing homes, a level not seen since 2005. Sales of new homes continued to increase, but we are still less than 40% of peak levels of 2006. New home inventory at the end of March was less than a 4.5-month supply of today's level of sales. The drop in available home inventory is leading to price increases in most markets and increasing demand for new homes, resulting in an increase in housing starts. New starts for March, as reported last week, now had moved over 1 million on a seasonally adjusted basis for the first time since the recession. The single-family starts at nearly 628,000. Increasing home prices, as I've commented before, begin to rebuild consumer confidence and strengthen household balance sheets. These factors help bring potential home buyers back to the market. For Weyerhaeuser, this trend improves demand in 3 of our 4 business segments. Beyond the effect from the U.S. housing market activity on our Timberlands, Wood Products and WRECO business segments, global demand and foreign exchange rates affect our Cellulose Fibers and our Timberlands segments. For the past quarter, we continued to deal with a slow European economy, and Asian markets remained relatively strong. Movement in exchange rates has not been significant enough to have had a material effect on our businesses. Now I'll comment on the performance of each of our businesses in the first quarter. In Timberlands, our results primarily reflect improved conditions in the West, with relatively flat performance in the South. Not including the results of land dispositions, total earnings from operations improved 35% compared with the prior quarter and 66% year-over-year. In the West, demand increased for both domestic and export markets. As Kathy noted, this activity was reflected in increases in volume, as well as price. Domestic markets are beginning to see the effect of an improving housing market, especially the beginning of a recovery in California. Our export demand continues to grow, with total volume up from the prior quarter and year-over-year. Japan remains our largest export market, followed by China and Korea. In the South, first quarter activity was adversely affected by weather, causing harvest levels to decline a bit. Prices moved up slightly due to lessened availability of logs across the region. The contrast between Western and Southern markets is dramatic. In the West, we've had the benefit of a strong export market throughout the recession. As a result, industry harvest levels did not decline in parallel with the steep drop in U.S. housing. Southern log markets, by contrast, are more closely tied to U.S. housing levels, so the industry deferred a greater percentage of harvest in the South during the recession. This was especially true of smaller landowners. Now as U.S. housing begins to recover, Southern log volumes include more significant amounts of deferred volume as compared with the West, resulting in slower price response to increase domestic demand. The positioning of our Western lands allows us to fully realize the opportunity to supply strong export markets, as well as to serve recovering domestic demand. In the South, we're well positioned to meet increasing demand as log markets improve. We highlighted in the earnings release that our Wood Products segment experienced its most profitable quarter since 2005. By comparison, at that time, total housing starts were over 2 million, and our sales volumes were roughly double today's level. Market conditions in the first quarter improved in line with the recovery in U.S. housing, driven especially by increased prices for lumber and OSB. Our scale and the earnings improvement initiatives allowed us to take full advantage of the opportunity. Earnings from this segment increased significantly from the prior quarter, as well as year-over-year. We've noted in prior discussions that our engineered wood business is the most reliant on new residential construction. With the recovery of housing, volumes for engineered TJIs and engineered solids increased notably during the quarter. Realizations for all products were up over the prior quarter, with the most significant increase in lumber and OSB. Operating rates improved as we ran better, though the benefit of improved pricing and operating rates was dampened slightly by higher raw material costs in the West, as well as issues in Canada related to rail car availability and the late takeaway by traders in the South. These factors, taken together, resulted in inventory build-up at quarter end. Our operating results reflect better market conditions, as well as continued progress on improving our operations through initiatives to grow revenue and to reduce costs. Moving to WRECO. All of our markets continued to improve, and we're clearly on a path to recovery. Let me highlight some key statistics for the quarter. First, community count. As the market continues to recover, you should expect our community count to increase in response to improved demand. During the first quarter, we opened 16 new communities while closing out 4. Next, traffic. During the quarter, our traffic count increased significantly year-over-year, which leads to new sales. Our sales increased 18% year-over-year. Closings during the first quarter are seasonally low, but total closings increased year-over-year, reflecting last year's increased sales activity. Our backlog is the number of sold but unclosed homes at any time. Included in backlog are homes that may already be complete, homes at various stages of construction, as well as homes for which construction has not yet begun. With the continued pickup in market activity, our inventory of completed but unsold homes has continued to fall. As a result, an increased percentage of our backlog represents homes not yet under construction. As Kathy noted, at the end of the quarter, our backlog had increased significantly. These backlog homes will be delivered over the next 3 quarters. Average home prices in our backlog are a function of both timing of the sales contract, as well as geographic and product mix. Average price in backlog at the end of the first quarter increased, and prices for new orders during the quarter were greater than that for the prior quarter. This points to steady but modest increases in prices across our regions. In earlier calls I've noted that Washington D.C., followed by Phoenix, were some of the first markets to begin to show signs of recovery. Last year, Las Vegas began to wake up, and finally, our Southern California markets bounced back to life in the fourth quarter with significant increases year-over-year. Assuming that our competitors are having similar success, these new sales are a very positive signal of future improvement in our Western Wood Products and Timberland businesses. While improved traffic sales and price increases are all positive signs, all homebuilders face challenges during this recovery. First, one would typically expect the increased demand and reduced supply to lead to price increases. However, increases are hampered today by today's tighter underwriting rules and the ability of appraisers to keep pace with changes in market pricing. In rising markets, sales comps for these increased prices aren't available. Second, land and lot prices are increasing as the existing inventory of finished lots are depleted. New lots need to be entitled, permitted and improved to keep up with demand. Third, construction costs are increasing as cost of materials increase and availability of materials and labor are limited, as an entire industry is in the process of going back to work. Leading the way on cost increases are OSB and lumber. It is difficult for builders, who, like us, begin construction of most of our homes only after locking in a contract price for a home to totally protect ourselves from these cost increases. The challenge is to maintain and grow margin in the face of these increases, as price increases are limited by factors I noted above. Over time, market demand and supply should adjust to these changes, but compared with the conditions that we faced over the past 5-plus years, these are challenges that we welcome. My final business comments relate to our Cellulose Fibers segment. Overall market conditions for fluff and liquid packaging were relatively stable in the quarter, with fluff prices still essentially flat and NBSK prices slowly improving. The euro was relatively stable during the quarter, and global softwood pulp inventories are at the high end of a normal range, up slightly from year end. Our earnings for the quarter were lower as a result of planned maintenance scheduled at our Port Wentworth mill and additional costs incurred for scheduled major maintenance projects at several mills as we move to an 18-month interval between scheduled maintenance outages. Additional unfavorable cost during the quarter was a result of higher fiber costs, seasonally higher energy costs for natural gas and fuel usage and lower electricity prices in Canada where we sell energy to the grid. During the quarter, we continued with our strategy to grow with our global customers. We began production and product qualification at our new modified fiber facility in Gdansk, Poland. The grand opening ceremony for the facility will be held next month. We expect to generate our first commercial sales by the end of the second quarter. And now I'll turn the call over to Patty to discuss our second quarter outlook, as well as provide financial highlights.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Dan. The outlook for the second quarter of this year is summarized on Chart 13. I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, the strong export markets that we experienced in the first quarter are expected to continue. Japanese housing starts this year are running ahead of last year, and some projects continue to be delayed by the carpenter shortage, pushing the backlog of housing orders further into 2013, contributing to strong log sales through Q2. In China, inventory of North American logs are lower than the same period last year. Log prices moved up in March, and these strong prices are continuing into this quarter, aided by an improving U.S. domestic market. Heavy April shipments from the Pacific Northwest, combined with record shipments of New Zealand radiata pine in Q1, may tend to dampen further upward price movement in Q2, but we expect these markets to remain strong. Domestic log prices have increased during April in response to strong lumber markets. Western fee harvest volumes are anticipated to be slightly lower. In the South, realizations for pine grade logs are expected to be flat, and fee harvest volumes will increase somewhat now that the wet weather is receding. Costs for both West and South are anticipated to increase seasonally due to higher silviculture-related spending. Before considering nonstrategic land sales, Timberland earnings are expected to be comparable to the first quarter. Earnings from nonstrategic land sales are anticipated to be somewhat higher than Q1 where we had income of $3 million. In Wood Products, zen [ph] channel inventories, combined with a seasonally stronger demand, are expected to drive low double-digit sales volume increases across all major product lines. Adverse effects from unexpected weather events, combined with Canadian rail transportation issues, should subside. We expect sales realizations for engineered Wood Products to increase slightly, while there may be some potential for softening in lumber and OSB prices as more supply enters the market. Log costs are anticipated to increase especially in the West, partially offset by improved operating rates. We continue our focus on operational improvements, including product strategies and customer selection, as well as manufacturing efficiencies. We expect another strong earnings performance for the Wood Products segment in the second quarter, with overall results comparable to the first quarter. In Cellulose Fibers, sales realizations are expected to increase slightly as the markets slowly improve. We anticipate lower maintenance, fiber and energy costs. We have fewer major maintenance projects scheduled this quarter, as we continue on track for the transition to an 18-month interval between scheduled maintenance outages, which should be completed by 2014. As Dan said, we are on schedule with the qualification process at our newly constructed Poland converting facility, and we anticipate completing qualification by the end of this quarter. Overall, second quarter earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment should be significantly improved compared to the first quarter. In our Real Estate segment, markets continue to gain momentum as low inventories, rising home prices, pent-up demand and historically low interest rates are motivating buyers. Prospective buyers are attracted to fresh new product designs and new communities. As Dan mentioned, our community count is increasing, and we are likely to end the quarter with operating 81 communities. During the second quarter, we expect to close approximately 600 homes compared to 463 homes in the first quarter. The average closing price for this quarter is anticipated to be slightly lower due to mix, although input prices or costs are rising, average margin should be comparable to the first quarter. Given the higher closing volume, we expect higher selling costs. Overall, we expect a slight profit in our single-family homebuilding business in the second quarter, and we do not anticipate any significant land or lot sale. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. During these comments, I'll be discussing items that are included on Chart 14. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of nearly $640 million, a decrease of approximately $260 million compared to year end. Consistent with our normal seasonal pattern and because of the strength of our Wood Products sales, we used cash from operations to build working capital. We had total capital expenditures of about $48 million during the quarter, and we expect total expenditures for the year to be up to $300 million. Given our improved operating results, coupled with our strong liquidity and valuable mix of timberlands holdings, Moody's announced earlier this week that they have upgraded our credit rating. We are investment grade rated by both Moody's, as well as S&P. We retired nearly $160 million of debt during the quarter. We have remaining maturity this year of just over $250 million, well below our existing cash balance, with no significant additional debt repayments until 2017. In addition, we have an unused line of credit totaling $1 billion. Our net debt-to-enterprise value was 17% as of the end of the quarter. As Dan previously discussed, earlier this month, our board increased our quarterly dividend to shareholders from $0.17 to $0.20 per share, underscoring our commitment to a sustainable dividend that we intend to continue to grow over time. Now I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Overall, I'm pleased with our financial performance during the quarter, and I'm optimistic about our ability to continue to improve our operational results as the housing market remains on a path to return to trend levels of demand and global markets stabilize for our Cellulose Fibers segment. In our Timberlands segment, we're well-positioned to capitalize on improving domestic markets, while taking full advantage of our competitive strengths in accessing high-value export markets from our Western Timberlands. We have an added benefit that comes from our extensive mineral rights, which generate revenue from oil, gas and other resources. In our Wood Products segment, we have the widest range of wood products of anyone in the industry, all of which will be needed to construct new housing units as the U.S. housing continues to recover. Our lumber and OSB businesses showed their potential during the quarter. As new construction continues to increase, we expect to see improved results from our engineered Wood Products and distribution businesses. Our WRECO business is filling its backlog pipeline for new homes to be delivered over the balance of the year. As we continue on our planned path to increase our total community count by nearly 20% this year, I'm encouraged by the interest of new buyers who are visiting our model homes and signing new contracts at increasing prices. In our Cellulose Fibers segment, as Patty noted in her outlook, a slight recovery in pulp prices, together with reduced maintenance, fiber and energy expense, are expected to result in significantly higher earnings in the second quarter. We'll continue with our strategy to grow with our global customers by innovating to create differentiated products that benefit our key existing customers while attracting new ones. An example of these differentiated products is our new cellulose-based composite, THRIVE, which is now planned to be used as an interior part of a new 2014 Lincoln model which will hit the market later this fall. In closing, we had good solid performance in the quarter, and yet we still have opportunity for continued improvement. We've made great progress in improving the strength of our balance sheet while rewarding shareholders with another increase in our dividend. And we're well-positioned to capture the opportunities that will come as we continue on a path of economic recovery. And now we welcome your questions and comments.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Would you please open the floor to questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wondered -- first of all, on the Wood Products business, can you give us a sense of kind of what your estimated operating rates are in those different businesses?
Daniel S. Fulton: Sure. For the first quarter, Mark, our lumber and OSB businesses were operating at about a 90% rate. And in our engineered Wood Products business, we saw a significant increase in operating rate so that we're now operating in the mid-40% range for our I-Joist facilities and mid-50% range for our solids.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And Dan, can you also talk about anything that you might be doing to kind of add more capacity, whether it's just picking up another shift or perhaps restarting capacity or maybe even thinking about a little incremental capital?
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes, a couple of comments, Mark. We are -- we do have the ability in our lumber mills to add hours and, to some extent, add shifts. All of our lumber facilities are operating today. In our oriented strand board business, all of our mills are operating. And we are increasing shifts in some cases, so there's some additional flex capacity in our solid or engineered wood business. We still have 2 curtailed facilities. And as the market continues to recover, we have the ability to bring them back. As anyone in the industry restarts capacity, there's a long lead time. And so we are positioning our facilities so that, at the right time, we can bring them back to meet demand. One of the surprises, I think, in the industry, has been how long it takes to bring back mills that have been shut down, both because of the availability of labor that's qualified, the ability to fill a log yard and to operate smoothly. So we have flex capacity to respond. And as the market continues to improve, we're well-positioned.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I just...
Patricia M. Bedient: Mark, I just might add that the engineered wood operating rates that Dan gave you did include those 2 closed facilities. So if we were to back those out and just use our existing facilities, that would be closer to the mid- to high-60% ratio. So those operating rates, as Dan said, are continuing to move up. I think, also, as you think about our capital spending, which I referenced was -- could be up to $300 million for this year, which is similar to what we spent last year. But the mix of where we spend that will be very different from last year, given that, in last year, we were finishing our converting facility in Poland, so we were spending more in Cellulose Fibers last year than we will this year. And we will also be putting more money to work in Wood Products, especially in our lumber business, to look at low capital, but still capital solutions where we can bring on additional capacity as we need it, adding a dry kiln here and there so that we can process more of the green lumber that we can produce at some of our facilities. So you'll see a little shift in mix that is not huge increments, but across our 18-mill set, does add up as we put those dollars to work.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And if I could -- just a follow-up on your Timberland business, you highlighted that dichotomy between kind of the Western situation and the Southern situation, what are your expectations about kind of price and volume in the South as we kind of move through the year? And when do you think this pickup in housing and Wood Products prices is going to start to flow through to Southern log and timber prices?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, we think it will come, but we can't call the timing, Mark. As I mentioned, there was more deferral in the South. And so as markets pick up, clearly, the Wood Products production is increasing. So the deferral wood in the South is benefiting the margins of wood products producers, whereas in the West, it's a much stronger log market. So it will just be one that we have to watch over time, and very difficult to call the timing of when that market tensions because there are so many landowners that are -- have the ability to bring logs to market.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But fair to say, you think it may be a little longer than normal lag in the South this time around before this starts to flow back to the stump?
Daniel S. Fulton: I'm not sure what a normal lag is. I mean, I think we've been through an extraordinary period with this housing recession, and so we don't have experience with this amount of deferral. But I would expect, with the pace of recovery in housing, that there'll be opportunity.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. So, Mark, I think we've already experienced a little longer than a normal lag...
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, yes, I agree, Patty. It's not been a normal downturn.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. So I think we'll -- those prices will start to move probably some time more in the latter half of this year than what we've seen at this point. So I don't think it's a long ways away, but we'll be ready for it when it comes.
Daniel S. Fulton: All right, we all will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: By the way, not to join the bandwagon, but I noticed this was the third quarter in a row where you didn't have any adjustments to between GAAP and reported earnings and the first time you've had 3 in a row since 1998, so congratulations.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Chip. I'm glad that you noticed.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Oh, yes, absolutely. Listen, the first question -- this has been a long time coming. The first question is on the Cellulose business. I know you sort of gave us the view that there will be substantial improvement. And as you know, that number can jump around considerably, excluding any price impacts. So if we made -- I don't know what you're assuming, whether this current round of pricing -- price announcements go through or not, but could you just give us a little -- a better guidance in terms of what the movement might be if we exclude any pricing impact from first to second quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, maybe the way to think about it, Chip, would be, if you think about where we would expect that business to be in the second quarter, given the assumptions that I had in my outlook, that I would say that it will be much closer to the $60 million that we earned in the fourth quarter than in the $31 million that we moved in this quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, that's very helpful. And then second follow-up is on the Wood Products business. I know your guidance is for flat, and it's really tough with pricing moving around the way it is. It just seems like in the past that often when there is a sudden movement about the time of the call, and it's not fair because your people couldn't have looked at randomly last night, for example, and then reacted to it. But it would seem to me that if we see a continuation of softer lumber prices in the next 3 or 4 weeks that maybe that would prove high, but maybe you could comment on that sensitivity. And maybe if I turn it around and said if we do see a bottom by the end of, let's say, by mid to late May, in a turnaround, could that number actually be up?
Daniel S. Fulton: I guess the best way to answer your question is to think about conditions in the channels, Chip, because this is really a behavioral issue as much as anything. Channels are very tight, and with prices as high as they have been, most in the channel have been reluctant to take significant inventory positions, but the orders continue to come in because new home construction is picking up. And so the real question is, to the extent that there's softness, how long, how deep? And since the inventory levels are relatively low, I think what we may find is something similar to what happened in the fourth quarter, where the orders were coming in and so the distributors and the builders put their orders in and reentered the market. So it's really going to be a behavioral issue, I think, as much as anything. And it's all really just flow back to demand levels and construction. So I think you have to look at construction levels for some guidance there, and I wouldn't want to speculate about price movement.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And you're not concerned about inventories being elevated at the very end -- at the builder level because we've seen so many strong months?
Daniel S. Fulton: Help me a little bit with your question. Inventory levels at the builder level? Inventories...
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Yes, your end customer. Yes, exactly, the guys that are actually using the stuff now.
Daniel S. Fulton: Channels seem to be relatively thin.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Got you.
Daniel S. Fulton: And finished inventory for builders is very low, as I commented. And so as those new orders come in, construction will pick up, and it starts with the lumber drop and panels. And so we would expect building activity based upon all of the statistics, starts, permits to be continuing to increase through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Barber with Stifel.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering if you guys can talk about any of the possible supply pinch points that you may see cropping up or are seeing today? Dan, I think you mentioned something that I think a lot of us just look at strangely, which is the engineered business seems to be operating at pretty low operating rates and generally would follow the single-family business, whereas lumber and OSBs had multi-year highs. Can you talk about, I guess, anything that's affecting that today and where you think that could possibly continue if the supply and demand continues where it is for the rest of the year?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, by product type, the engineered products, as we've talked before, are primarily reliant on new construction. And so I think that we have a significant position in both I-beams, as well as solids, and that product does flow into new construction, and so we expect new construction activity to continue to pick up, and I think that that's a positive. We saw that move just in the quarter in the change in operating rate in that business more significant, really, than what it was for our lumber or our panel business. Multiple outlets for lumber, both new construction, repair and remodel, all of that looks positive; and in industrial, a bit. And then panels, primarily going into new construction, but that's also singles and it's multis. The big question in the industry is probably facilities that are -- that had not been operating that are coming back online. And I think that the -- that there's -- people underestimate the challenge of bringing the facility back if it's been shut down for some period of time. So there is -- there will be supply that will come online to meet demand, but I think that the supply response is a bit delayed and trying to catch up to demand.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, also, as these markets get better and better, and especially on the homebuilding side where we're seeing some really excellent valuations, would you guys be inclined, I think, at some point, to consider spinning off or selling perhaps WRECO, given the valuations that a number of the other builders are trading at?
Daniel S. Fulton: We're focused on operating our businesses as well as we can and continuing to take advantage of the opportunity presented to us with market recovery. So our focus is on operations. In our homebuilding business, we're well-positioned because we do have a land position to build on. We're in great markets, and they're all showing really robust recovery at this point. So we're going to take advantage of that in our operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to pick up on WRECO as well. And certainly, you're seeing progress. But, for example, the closings in the quarter were, I think, a little bit below where you had guided in the prior quarter. I think at one point in time, you had said you were looking for 500 closings. So I was wondering what might have created the variance there if that was a correct recollection. And also, Dan, I mean we're seeing, from our scan of the homebuilding regions, California has been very, very strong. Texas had been very, very strong. These are areas where you are certainly very strong from a regional standpoint. I'm just curious why we're not yet seeing the lift in your margin within WRECO. And then I had a couple of follow-ons.
Daniel S. Fulton: The margin question is, I mean, to some extent, it's a mix issue among markets. We have different margins by market, different margins by product type. We've historically guided that we should expect gross margins in the low-20% range. This quarter, we were at 19.5%. That was a bit of a mix issue between a more attached product in the Washington, D.C. area and coming off some higher margin projects in the Las Vegas area. Sales, as you know, in California had been very strong. As I look at our first quarter activity, the real strength year-over-year was in L.A. Ventura, which had been a soft market. It was the Inland Empire, it was San Diego and it was Las Vegas. So those have been the last markets to come back. There is a lag in when those homes are delivered. So the sales that we took contracts on in the first quarter will be delivered over the second, third and fourth quarter, depending upon the complexity of the home. As I noted in my comments, a lot of these are to-be-built houses, and so there's a bit more of a lag. And so we would expect that we'll have a stronger back half of the year, as we always do, at WRECO. I did note, and I wanted to spend some time talking about cost increases because they are factors for everyone in the industry. As you noted, I led off with OSB and lumber, so that's not a bad thing for Weyerhaeuser Company. But there are increased costs, and there is a process as cost increases and we pass that through to the ultimate homebuyer where there's a bit of a lag. So you should expect prices to continue to rise. Our focus is not just on maintaining margins, but growing margins. So -- and you talked about Texas. Texas was not quite as strong, first quarter, but last month or so, it has really picked up. So we're really pleased with the markets that we're in. We think we have the ability to maintain the margins that we've had in the past, but there are mix issues quarter-to-quarter. And that business is traditionally back-ended in terms of deliveries, much more heavy in the third and fourth quarter.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dan, you've mentioned for a number of quarters the, I'll put it as the affordable housing element in your mix that's been keeping margins perhaps below where you'd like them to be. When does that, if you will, cycle through? And are you finding that as you're needing to purchase land, if there are scenarios like this, that you need to continue to commit to a certain level of affordable housing as you purchase these new lots, and in turn, that's keeping a lid on margin? And the other question I had and I'll turn it over, and I think you're alluding to this, as I look at your backlog pricing, it seems to show up in your -- your selling price on a closed home is usually within a couple of quarters. So these $440,000 levels you've been at the last couple of quarters, these more or less should be showing up in the back half? Would that be your expectation?
Daniel S. Fulton: Let me start with the last question. The higher-priced homes that we have generally are -- some of them are in San Diego, and some are in the Washington, D.C. metro area for our Winchester and Camberley brands. We had the longest lead time on those Washington, D.C. homes because they have more customization, and so there is a cycle time for them that maybe 6 to 9 months as compared to a shorter cycle time for it. The other extreme would be a townhome that we're building in the Inland Empire. So there is some lag that you observed. With respect to land and lot prices, lot prices had been moving up relatively quickly. We clearly are -- we are restocking our pipeline for current projects. Those prices had moved, but we would not expect that, that would lead to a significant degradation of margin. You talked about the -- asked about the affordable housing units. That's a function primarily in that Washington, D.C. metro area. It happens in larger communities of more than 50 units, and we try to point that out when we see those closings come through. That was not an issue in the last quarter. Last quarter was just a shift to more of a townhome product, which is lower priced as compared to higher-priced single families. So we can try to guide you a bit on those affordables. When they do occur, it normally occurs where there's significant number of closings at one time because we turn those houses over to a regional housing authority and they handle the sales activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: There were a couple of reports in the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times earlier this week talking about the tax treatment of REITs, and the Journal specifically was talking about Congress taking a look at that pretty hard. I'm just wondering, can you give any comments from what you know about what's going on? Is there anything kind of out of the usual there? And most specifically, how it might drill down the timber REIT versus maybe a more traditional REIT?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, there had been a series of articles that you've noted that have discussed some recent conversions or some planned conversions, including some nontraditional real estate. So I think that they are all consistent with the current tax law. As we look at broad tax reform, I think Congress, if they take a broad look on tax treatment, they talk about all aspects of the code, including a discussion of corporate tax, personal tax, LLCs, pass-through entities, as well as REITs. The National REIT Organization is well-organized. They have broad constituency across the country. I think that the REIT structure has worked very well for a long period of time. Because of the way it's structured, the REITs generate income. That income is distributed to individual shareholders and they pay taxes. So I can't speculate on what Congress might or may not do in any tax reform, but we pay attention to it, and the National REIT Organization is well-positioned to deal with those questions.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one other quick question. Going sort of back to Chip's question on Wood Products, I just want to make sure I understand, or can you just clarify what you think is causing the weakness in wood product prices that we've seen over the last couple of weeks?
Daniel S. Fulton: I can't comment on market reaction to prices. Prices have been very high. And I think that at today's levels, that creates some level of caution. But the product is needed. And ultimately, as I come back in my discussion, you have to look at the channel. The channel is relatively thin. If the orders are coming in, they'll get filled and prices will be settled at market. And I can't comment on, quite frankly, the direction because it's a function of supply-demand. I feel really good about the demand side.
Patricia M. Bedient: Gail, as you know, prices -- volatility and prices for both lumber and OSB are not surprising. That usually does happen, and prices did move up in the first quarter. So to think that they're going to just continue to move up forever would certainly be a mistake...
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, I guess I was just wondering if there's a sense that maybe more supply was finally making its way back into the market and even tension a little bit, but...
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. I think that as the demand increases, we will need more of that supply. So the fact that more supply is coming on is just kind of the natural order of things. I don't think there's -- if you're talking about a real big shift, a big fundamental shift from supply-demand balance, I don't think that there's a huge piece. I think what we're seeing here is just more of the normal kind of reaction that we see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions for you. I think you're going to start to face some high-quality problems in the near future, specifically with the balance sheet. With the EBITDA improving and the cash flow generation picking up, it seems to me the leverage ratio will start to really drop pretty quickly. So can you remind us again how you think about the efficient leverage in the business and what you expect to do to stay in front of the balance sheet becoming inefficient?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Alex. What we have said is that for this size of company, that we would think that gross debt of -- or at about $4 billion would be something that would make sense for us. At the end of this year, we'll certainly be there where they're on a net debt basis today. I think that what you point out is that because of the strength of the balance sheet, because of the strength of the improvement in markets and also our own operating performance, that we are experiencing -- as you call it a high-class problem, I call it a great opportunity to take advantage of things that are out in front of us. And so those are the kinds of things that we look at in terms of what is the right leverage, what is the right capital allocation. You've heard us talk about this morning both in terms of investing in our businesses, returning cash to shareholders. And all of those things are things that we are reviewing on an ongoing basis. So I think the future does look very exciting, and those kinds of problems I like a lot better than the ones that we've seen behind us.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. And switching to the Wood Products business, can you talk about what you believe the strategic rationale to have a distribution business tied back into the manufacturing businesses is?
Daniel S. Fulton: Sure. With distribution, for us, it's always helpful to provide a little bit of history. Today, our distribution business is a significant channel for our engineered Wood Products business, plus we do flow some lumber, especially our higher-grade lumber Framer Series and differentiated products, as well as some of our higher-value OSB. We also, in that business, distribute products for third parties. So we have some third-party element of distribution because we've got the infrastructure in place to serve our customers in the homebuilding business, and they need not just our products but others. And so there are some complementary products. We have a business that historically had more scale. We scaled it back when we changed our operating model and went to a brand called iLevel about 5 years ago. And in that time, we eliminated most of our third-party distribution and focused on being a channel for our own products, really made that business uneconomic. And so we noted that, that wasn't working for us. We shifted it back to a standalone business, and so you'd see the results where we account for is a separate P&L. We've got a scale of footprint that allows us to flex with an improving market, and we have a lot of operating leverage in that businesses as we see housing recovery. So it serves as a channel for not all of our product, but some of our product, as well as third party gives us an opportunity to provide some additional marketing services especially for our engineered Wood Products. And we are looking forward to the opportunity to have that business take advantage of its scale and operating leverage as the market recovers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I had a quick follow-up on WRECO. You talked about a stronger back half of the year but also some mix headwinds and price bottlenecks. And I guess when you look at the business broadly, I think WRECO earned about $100 million last year, with a large land sale impacting that in the fourth quarter. When you think about the earnings potential of the business for full year 2013, would you envision the business would earn a similar amount? Would it -- would you expect it to earn significantly more or slightly more? Or could it actually earn less, given the large land sale last year? And I understand you don't give full year guidance, but sort of any kind of color on that would be very helpful.
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, you're right, we don't provide full year guidance, so I appreciate you recognizing that. We did have a significant land sale last year of some nonstrategic land in San Diego, which is land with a product type that we don't build. We always have some of that. It's part of our land development strategy, especially with our Southern California operation. As we look at 2013, full year, what we are expecting is a significant shift in mix in our earnings that will be much more heavily weighted towards our housing business. There may be some land sales, but we are not projecting them. We're an opportunistic seller, both nonstrategic land that might be zoned for products that we don't build, but we also have, in some cases, residential lots that -- where we have the option to either build them on ourselves or to sell them to others if we have the right price. So I think that the major story for WRECO 2012 versus 2013 will be a shift in income away from just land sales, not just land sales, but heavyweight the land sales to a much higher weighting of a single-family.
Patricia M. Bedient: I think also, Anthony, as you think about WRECO coming out of 2012 into 2013, I think as Dan gave in his comments, we ended the year with a very low community count in WRECO at 62. We'll be at 81 at the end of the second quarter. So there's a little bit of a flywheel effect, if you will, of low inventory at the end of 2012, as we weren't sure about where the California markets were headed. So that flywheel is going to work. You're seeing it now in the backlog. Although, as what's discussed earlier, most of those homes don't get delivered until the back half of 2013. So as you noted, we won't give full year guidance, but it will be significantly better, and better than our normal seasonal pattern because of that flywheel effect of low inventories at 2000 -- end of 2012, and now going to work in 2013 back half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carly Mattson with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Mattson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Following the company's return into a full investment grade, could you talk to whether Weyerhaeuser will consider looking to refinance its higher-coupon debt or what types of consideration the company takes into account when it's thinking about that decision?
Patricia M. Bedient: Carly, yes, absolutely. We would love to refinance some of that higher-coupon debt. It really is a function of what premium would have to be paid in order to do that in the economic tradeoff. So we look at that on a very regular basis. And when that makes sense for us to do, that would be a great thing to do. But right now, from an economic standpoint, it doesn't make sense.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: First, just the intersegment elimination LIFO inventory that was in the corporate, I assume that goes away next quarter, and so that corporate goes back down to more like a $20 million number. Is that generally speaking right?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Mark. It is unusually high for 2 reasons: one, typically, from a seasonal perspective, that number would be higher at the end of the first quarter because of our normal inventory build. But given the strength of Wood Products, we certainly had a little more working capital than maybe even a normal seasonal pattern would be. And then as we sell down that working capital over the course of the year, that will turn around and come back, so that the pattern of the unallocated segment will be closer to as you just described it. We try and take all of these anomalies and put them in this unallocated item and give you full visibility in terms of the detail of what's in there. So you can track that volatility. But you've got the pattern right. Just as you can see in the fourth quarter, we actually had pickup from LIFO and intercompany profit.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And all that -- by the way, I do appreciate the additional disclosure in general. It's very helpful. Second, as you're making more money from the Wood Products and the homebuilder hopefully soon, can you help us in how to do the tax rate? It came off a little off from my tax rate. Is there kind of a rule-of-thumb way to be able to get to the tax rate?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, it really is, as we've talked about before, a function of how you think about the mix of earnings. So the mix in the Timberlands business that is in the REIT, of course, is a 0 tax rate. And as we look at the TRS, those have a normal kind of tax rate. I would think about something around the 34%, 35% rate for that mix of income. Now we had a higher tax rate maybe than what you would have thought, given the fact that we had a higher Wood Products income in the TRS than what a number of people were thinking about in the model. So it really is a function of the TRS versus the REIT. And then also, not all the Timberlands earnings are REIT-qualified. We do some merchandising of our logs in the TRS portion of the Timberlands business, and so we did have income in the TRS from Timberlands that would be subject to the tax.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then lastly, Dan, you referenced housing going back towards trend levels of demand over time. At this juncture, having had a couple of years to think about it, where do you think trend levels of demand for housing, single-family and total, what do you think is the right number for trend levels?
Daniel S. Fulton: I continue to follow the long-term trend numbers that are generated by the Joint Center for Housing at Harvard. They're not a forecaster. They just look at long-term demographics, starting with population, household formation. And there's a headship assumption there's the repair or the replacement for destroyed units, and then the wildcard in their estimates is immigration. So they would have a range of 1.6 million to 1.9 million, Mark, with the biggest question being the impact of immigration, which can move numbers by 100,000 or more or so. As I think about it, I think, generally, 1.6 million to 1.8 million is a trend number over a 10-year period. There are periods when you would expect housing starts and deliveries to be greater than that, and then obviously, we're coming off of a very deep trough. I think we've been underbuilding for some period of time. The question or the mix between singles and multis is being debated a little bit just as demographics change, but I quite frankly don't expect a very significant shift. I think we'll see a gradual move to higher-density housing over time just because of the continued urbanization of population. But as I note, we're a long way from those trend numbers. And it really is about household formations, and we're going to go through a period of accelerated formation now just because household formations have been so low. Household formations are about 1.2 million a year, 1.2 million on average.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And as you think about -- if you have those types of long-term trend numbers that, that might call for one type of investment strategy in your underlying business. At the same time, you said that we're pretty far away from those numbers. Are you going to be much more of the mindset to actually begin to really see evidence of it, of these much higher housing-type numbers before starting to commit significantly more capital, recognizing that you maybe a little bit late doing it that way? Or are you going to be inclined to get out in front of it because you're confident it's coming?
Daniel S. Fulton: I think the timing is a question, and I think that there's-- we're going to be cautious. As we've come through this recession, it was just last year that California housing started to pick up, and that's a very significant market, not just for us, but for the entire country. I think that, directionally, we want to be operating the facilities that we have today as best we can, make them as efficient as possible, get the most return that we can from them. We've got opportunities with modest investment to continue to improve operations of our existing facilities. And we will focus on what we've got in front of us rather than, I think, getting out with significant new capacity. New capacity will come back, but I think the entire industry is going to be operating much more efficiently than we were in the prior cycle. I commented earlier that, as we noted in our release, this was our best quarter for Wood Products since 2005, and yet, we did it on half the volume. And so I think not just us, but the industry is going to be more efficient, and we'll react as the demand emerges. Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your attendance, and we appreciate your interest in Weyerhaeuser Company. I want to remind everybody on the call that we'll be hosting our annual investor conference in New York. That's just 2 weeks from today, on May 10 at the Sofitel Hotel. You can register for attendance on our website. And if you have any questions about that event, or following this call, if you have further questions and you need follow-up, contact Kathy McAuley. And we appreciate you joining us this morning. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel S. Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Carly Mattson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Q4 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As summarized on Chart 1, Weyerhaeuser reported fourth quarter 2012 net earnings of $143 million or $0.26 per diluted share and net sales of $2 billion. For the full year of 2012, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings of $385 million or $0.71 per diluted share on net sales of $7.1 billion. Turning to our business segments. My comments reviewing the fourth quarter 2012 refer to changes from the third quarter of 2012. Beginning with Timberlands, Charts 2 and 3. Timberlands contributed $95 million to pretax earnings, $15 million more than in Q3. Earnings from nonstrategic land dispositions were $20 million, a decrease of $5 million. In the West, log price realizations increased 8% and volumes rose 5%, driven by strong export in domestic demand. Southern log price realizations increased 3% and volumes rose 9% as log demand began to tighten. Fee harvest volumes were 13% higher in the South and 5% higher in the West. These increases were due to seasonal factors and market demand. Wood Products, Charts 4 and 5. Wood Products contributed $38 million to pretax earnings in Q4, $21 million less than in third quarter. Commodity products benefited from tight inventory channels. Price realizations increased 2% for lumber and 8% for oriented strand board. Lumber volumes were 1% higher, and oriented strand board volumes rose 6%. Engineered wood product volumes were seasonally weak. Solid section volumes declined 12% and TJI's 14%. Increased log and raw material costs in maintenance downtime resulted in higher operating costs. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 6 and 7. Cellulose Fibers contributed $61 million to pretax earnings, $17 million less than in Q3. Pulp sales price realizations declined 2% and sales volumes rose 6%. Liquid packaging board price realizations declined 6%, and volumes were 7% lower due to operational issues at a production facility. Chemicals and energy costs increased in the quarter. These cost increases were partially offset by lower maintenance costs. During the fourth quarter, there was one scheduled maintenance outage of 6 days versus 13 days maintenance outage in third quarter. Real Estate, Charts 8 and 9. Real Estate contributed $81 million to pretax earnings, $64 million more than in Q3. Earnings from nonstrategic land sales were $65 million. Earnings from single-family home sales were $16 million. The average closing price increased to $381,000 from $372,000 in the previous quarter. Gross margins declined to 20.2% due to mix. The backlog of homes sold but not closed was 774 at the end of Q4, an increase of 80% from the number of homes in the backlog at the end of 2011. Unallocated items, Chart 10. The foreign exchange loss of $2 million in Q4 was due to a weakening of the Canadian dollar. This was a negative swing of $13 million. The elimination of interest segment profit in inventory and LIFO was income of $8 million, primarily resulting from lower lumber and oriented strand board inventory. This compares to an expense of $10 million in the third quarter. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Over the past several years, we've laid the foundation by implementing initiatives that positioned the company to capture the benefits of an improving U.S. housing market. 2012 marked the clear beginning of that long-term recovery. This market improvement, together with our progress in implementing our own improvement initiatives, is evident in our fourth quarter and annual results. Revenues rose 13% during the fourth quarter and 14% for the full year. Our fourth quarter earnings increased 22% over the third quarter due to strong results from our Timberlands and our Real Estate segments. For the year, our net earnings before special items increased 78%, led by improvements within our Wood Products business. Our performance has improved steadily throughout the year, allowing us to continue to invest in our business, pay down debt and increase our dividend. As a result, our total shareholder return for the year was over 50%. I'm excited about the opportunity to build on the momentum of 2012 as we enter 2013. Before I discuss the performance of our business segments, I'll provide a brief comment on economic conditions that affect our company. First, the U.S. housing market. The housing market certainly turned a corner in 2012. Total starts, both single and multi-family, totaled 781,000, nearly a 30% increase from 2011. We began the year with stronger-than-normal spring selling season. This momentum continued through the fourth quarter, and we were pleased by the surprising strength of new home sales and Wood Products commodity prices. As we've noted in many fourth quarter reviews, both of these typically tail off at year end. On a seasonally adjusted basis, December housing starts jumped to a 954,000 annualized level. This is the highest level of housing starts we've seen since June 2008. Further evidence of a strengthening market is seen in home prices, which have increased year-over-year according to all major price indices. Another sign of improvement may seem counterintuitive is the declining level of existing home sales. At this point in the cycle, the cause is not lack of demand but record low levels of supply. Uncertainty in the home mortgage market has been a drag during this recovery. However, long-awaited new rules governing qualified mortgages add needed clarity to the process, and fence-sitting potential home buyers are finally moving back into the market. These changes are good for the housing industry and for the overall U.S. economy. To help you compare your own modeling and forecasting with ours, we're planning for just over 1 million total housing starts for 2013. Those starts are comprised of 675,000 single-family and 335,000 multi-family. This is roughly a 30% increase over 2012, that's a similar percentage increase as last year but off of a higher base. Market conditions are much improved from one year ago, but today's level of housing starts is still low by historic standards. We are at last on a clear path to recovery to long-term trend levels. I'll comment briefly on global economic conditions since approximately 1/3 of our revenues come from export of products from our Cellulose Fibers, Timberlands and Wood Products segments. Compared with conditions at the end of the third quarter, we're slightly more optimistic. In the Eurozone, the extreme prices conditions in 2012 seem to have abated and the euro has strengthened. The stronger euro should improve the relative competitiveness of our Cellulose Fibers business, as well as our Asian log exports. The Canadian dollar remains strong, which should maintain the relative competitiveness of U.S. manufactured wood products. This may be offset somewhat by reduced softwood lumber tariffs. In Japan, the new government seems ready to implement a stimulus package to jump-start their economy. This should increase export demand for all 3 of our forest products businesses. And in China, our export activity went through a period of adjustment in 2012. During 2012, the Chinese economy slowed but they also went through a political change. Export volumes for our logs, lumber and Cellulose Fibers products improved during the fourth quarter, as well as for the full year, albeit at lower levels than we had seen in the more frothy days of 2011. While these markets will likely remain somewhat volatile, we look forward to continued growth in Chinese demand. Now I'll comment on the performance of each of our businesses in the fourth quarter. In Timberlands, our earnings increased from the third quarter due to stronger domestic and export demand for our logs. Price realizations improved as a result of domestic price increases in the West and the South, with a shift in the mix in the West as a higher percentage of our logs were exported. Fourth quarter export shipments increased as a result of greater demand from all of our primary export markets: Japan, China and Korea. In addition, as I mentioned on last quarter's call, some shipments that have been scheduled for the third quarter slipped to the fourth. Harvest volumes increased from the third quarter despite some challenging weather conditions. Our operations were affected by high wind and rain conditions in the West during November and wet weather in the South at the end of the quarter. For the full year, harvest volumes increased 13% as we flexed in response to improving market demand. Minerals activity increased slightly during the quarter as continued softness in gas prices was offset by revenue from oil leases in the Tuscaloosa Basin. As we look forward to 2013, we expect continued strong markets for logs. Minerals activity should remain steady. In our Wood Products segment, the fourth quarter was a tale of 2 markets. We anticipated weaker demand for all of our products as we moved into the late fall and early winter months when we typically see a seasonal slowdown. Market surprise this year was the continued strong demand for our commodity products, lumber and OSB. This demand was caused by tight supply channels and the increasing strength of the housing recovery. Engineered products, which still suffer from low operating rates, did not benefit from the pricing strength of commodity products. Fourth quarter activity for these products and our related distribution activity was a negative drag on the positive results in lumber and OSB. As demand improved for lumber and OSB during the quarter, we also experienced higher manufacturing cost. We had higher cost for logs, veneer, OSB web stock, maintenance and energy. We also incurred increased labor costs as we began to staff up to meet an anticipated increase in operating postures in 2013. We continue to focus on effective execution and performance improvement initiatives across our entire Wood Products segment. The combined benefit of these initiatives and improved market conditions is apparent in our year-over-year results. Fourth quarter earnings improved nearly $100 million compared with last year, and the annual earnings increased over $300 million. Over half of this increase is attributable to our performance improvement initiatives. As we enter 2013, we are well positioned to respond to the increased demand from new housing starts, as well as the repair and remodel market. We've come a long way in this business, and we have more opportunity in front of us. Moving to WRECO. We finished the year with an exceptional quarter, and we're well positioned for improved market conditions in 2013. The notable event during the quarter was the sale of nonstrategic land in San Diego, which generated $65 million in earnings. This land, which is part of our Pacific Highlands Ranch master plan, is designated for very high density residential and mixed-use. As a large-scale land developer in California, our master plans include a wide range of land uses. Sale of these properties is consistent with our long-term strategy and intent. Let me turn to our single-family homebuilding business. Earnings from our single-family homebuilding business were comparable to the third quarter as single-family margins declined, primarily as a result of mix. The encouraging news from this year's fourth quarter was that our home sales increased nearly 40% from one year ago. This quarter marked a significant turnaround for our markets in Southern California and Las Vegas. Our Pardee president described the change as though someone turned on a switch. For the quarter, our California sales were up over 80% over last year and Las Vegas sales nearly tripled. This long-awaited California recovery is good news for WRECO and it's also a strong signal of future opportunity for our Western Wood Products and Timberland businesses. At year end, all WRECO indicators point to improving buyer sentiment. Our backlog is up 80% year-over-year. The average home price in backlog is 13% greater than one year ago. Our traffic count was up over 60% in December compared with last year, and our cancellation rate for the year was the lowest since 2004. With this improving momentum, we'll be opening a significant number of new communities during the year, which will enable us to meet our growing demand. New communities allow us to present a fresh new face to our customers to capture the emerging enthusiasm of buyers. Many of these new communities will be open during the first half of the year, capitalizing on this year's spring selling season. My final business comments relate to our Cellulose Fibers business segment. Cellulose Fibers segment earnings declined from the third quarter. The decrease was primarily a result of decreased fluff pulp realizations and lower-than-anticipated earnings from our liquid packaging business. Worldwide pulp inventories declined during the second half of the year. Prices now seem to be stabilizing as we move into the new year. As I noted earlier, improvement in the Eurozone and government action in Japan may improve market conditions for us in 2013. In addition to our core Cellulose Fibers products of fluff pulp, NBSK and liquid packaging board, innovative specialty products continue to provide opportunity for us to differentiate our products and improve margins. Sales volumes of our pearl product to China continued to increase. In Poland, we have begun production trials of our Crosslink modified fiber product. We're on track to enter full production in the second half of the year. Longer term, we expect that our new THRIVE cellulose-based composite product will open new markets for us. And now I'll turn the call over to Patty to discuss our fourth quarter outlook -- first quarter outlook, I'm sorry, and provide financial highlights.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, and happy new year. Well, we are looking forward to 2013, but as Dan said, I will focus my comments primarily on the first quarter of the year. So the outlook for the first quarter of this year is summarized on Chart 11, and I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands. Export markets in the West are expected to continue to improve throughout the quarter. Log demand from our Japanese customers is strong as a result of the improving housing market in Japan and the supportive stance of the new government to implement policies to encourage growth. China log demand is expected to start somewhat slower due to the Chinese New Year holiday period in February but then continue an upward trend later in the quarter as residential and commercial construction picks up. As a result, export prices are anticipated to increase during the quarter. Stronger export demand, as well as an improved domestic lumber market have also contributed to rising prices in the domestic log market. In the South, realizations for logs are expected to be slightly lower due to a smaller diameter log size. Fee volume will be seasonally lower, primarily in the South, and may also be affected by recent wet weather logging restrictions. Before the effect of nonstrategic land sales, we expect that earnings in the Timberland segment for the first quarter will be comparable to the fourth quarter. Earnings from nonstrategic land sales will be lower, likely less than half of the $20 million earned in the fourth quarter. As a result, overall earnings in the Timberland segment will likely be lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth. In Wood Products, market conditions for the first quarter are anticipated to be strong as the housing recovery continues on an upward path. We expect volumes to increase across all product lines. Sales realizations for lumber and OSB are expected to improve, and engineered Wood Products realizations will likely be flat due to mix. We have announced price increases for engineered Wood Products beginning in March, but most of the effect will be in the second quarter. Log costs are rising, especially in the West as the demand for export logs increases and the seasonal risk of weather-related restrictions is greater. Unit manufacturing costs should be lower as operating rates improve in response to increased demand and less holiday downtime. In engineered Wood Products, the benefit of higher operating rates will be mostly offset by higher input cost, especially for OSB, which is used for web stock. Given the strong market and our continued emphasis on operational improvements, we expect earnings in the Wood Products segment will increase significantly in the first quarter compared to the fourth. In Cellulose Fibers, sales realizations for both pulp and liquid packaging are expected to increase slightly from modest decline in pulp sales volume. The biggest variance in earnings compared to the fourth quarter will be in the area of maintenance. We expect to have approximately $20 million more maintenance expense in the first quarter as a result of an increase in the number of annual shutdown days, as well as a number of major maintenance projects. As we've discussed on prior calls, we are preparing for a transition to longer time between planned shutdowns, moving from a 12-month schedule to 18 months. We expect maintenance expense for the full year of 2013 to be similar to 2012 as we begin to implement this change, which should be fully in place by 2014. Progress on the startup of our Poland converting facility is on track as we continue the qualification process. We expect that overall earnings in the Cellulose Fibers segment will be lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth. Home sales in our Real Estate segment have continued at a robust pace. Typically, we would not expect activity to pick up until after the Super Bowl. However, as Dan mentioned, we are seeing increased activity in most of our markets on a year-over-year comparison. Although it is early in the quarter, sales for the first 3 weeks of this year are up 125% compared to last year. These sales will become closings later in the year. At the end of 2012, our community count declined to 62 open communities as sales activity was brisk. At the end of the first quarter, we anticipate our community count will increase to approximately 80 communities. Our plan for community openings could change depending on market dynamics. We expect to close fewer homes in the first quarter compared to the fourth, as the first quarter is traditionally the weakest quarter for closings. In the fourth quarter, we closed 842 homes and expect that number to decline to just over 500 closings this quarter. However, it is a sizable increase over the 349 closings we had in the first quarter of 2012. Margins should be comparable to the fourth quarter at just over 20% and approximately 3% higher than the first quarter of 2012. Selling costs will decrease during the quarter as a result of fewer closings, and G&A costs should be lower as we will not see the year end catch-up for incentive comp that affected cost in the fourth quarter. We expect Real Estate segment results from our single-family homebuilding business in the first quarter to be slightly profitable and increase over the loss of $8 million in the first quarter of 2012. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. We ended the year with cash of just under $900 million, strong cash flow from operations, as well as the receipt of cash associated with the maturity of a timber monetization note from 2002 were the major contributors. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter, including Timberlands' reforestation, approximated $66 million. The total for the full year of 2012 was $285 million, and in 2013, we expect to spend a similar amount. We ended the year with total debt of $4.3 billion. In 2013, we have debt maturities of just over $400 million, $156 million of which will be paid in the first quarter. Following our 2013 maturities, we will not have any significant debt payments until 2017. In addition, our $1 billion credit facility has no borrowings outstanding. I'll close with some comments regarding our benefit plans. At the end of 2012, the underfunded status of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans increased by just over $400 million on a GAAP basis. This increase was driven by the lowering of discount rates. For example, in the U.S. qualified pension plan, our largest plan, the discount rate declined from 4.5% to 3.7%. The negative effect of this change in discount rate was to increase the plan's liability by over $540 million. Declines in discount rates have a significant effect on a plan's funded status. For example, if the discount rate was 5.4%, which was the rate in effect just 2 years ago, this plan would be in an overfunded status. Cash contributions for all of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans in 2012 was $145 million. We expect a similar amount in 2013. The expense for these plans in 2012, excluding special items, was approximately $80 million. In 2013, we anticipate total expense of $98 million. $64 million is for normal service costs, which will be charged to the business segments, and $34 million is nonoperating expense, which will be included in unallocated items. Now I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Since 2008, we've had a steady drive to sharpen our focus on our core businesses and improve our competitiveness. We committed to improve profitability despite challenging market conditions and to maintain this discipline when the markets eventually recovered. I commented at the beginning of my remarks that we've laid the foundation that positions us to capture the full benefits of an improving U.S. housing market and an improving global economy. The evidence is now in that we're in the midst of a housing recovery. As the market improves, we'll have the opportunity to grow, increasing timber harvesting, Wood Products manufacturing and community development and homebuilding, and our Cellulose Fibers business will continue to grow with our global customers as we are doing in Poland. With this increased activity, we face challenges such as the availability and cost of skilled labor, inflationary pressure on manufacturing input costs and increasing land and materials costs. We're confident in the ability of our talented teams to meet the opportunities that an improving market brings, and we're absolutely committed to maintain the discipline that has brought us through this unprecedented period. And now we welcome your questions and your comments. Kathy?
Kathryn F. McAuley: Yes. Brent, would you please open the floor to questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess starting off within WRECO, can you talk a little bit about what sort of mix changes might come with the increase in community count? Because it seemed like 2012 mix was a little bit weak. Would you expect to see that shift a little bit or remain kind of where it was in 2012?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, the mix is dynamic, in talking about the fourth quarter mix, Gail. We had, in the fourth quarter, an increased percentage of homes that are affordable dwellings. We had talked about that on our last call that these affordable units come with an overall master plan approval process. That was in the Washington D.C. market. And then we had a shift between third and fourth quarter away from a higher percentage of sales and closings in San Diego to other markets. So we would expect, as we look at the first quarter, as Patty commented, we expect the mix to be about the same. We have adjusted our product in every single market in response to evolving market conditions. We've had significant response in the Inland Empire Area of California in developing a new more affordable product. But in other markets, we've actually moved up market because that's where the demand has been in the last year to 18 months. As the overall market conditions improve, we will continue to find the opportunities where we have the greatest margin potential. With all of these new community openings, we have opportunities to adjust our product mix. And so what we will do throughout the year is try to give you some guidance on how we would expect that mix to be changing from quarter to quarter. But as we look from 2012 to 2013, we should not expect a significant mix shift, other than this resurgent demand from California can have a positive impact on us as we move throughout the year. It takes some time for those sales to convert to closings, but we have good visibility. As we look out, houses that are in our backlog, we know what those margins should be, and I think we'll just continue to update you on a quarterly basis.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just -- can I sneak one more in?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, okay.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Log price developments, can you help us understand kind of the developments that you saw in the fourth quarter, and currently how much might have been due to weather and how much you think is due to true underlying kind of slight demand tightness because it does seem like, in both the West and the South, there were weather impacts?
Daniel S. Fulton: There was a little bit more weather impact in the fourth quarter in the West than there was in the South. In the first quarter, likely that we'll have more weather conditions that would impact us because of wet weather. What we are seeing in the log market is the impact of some recovery in U.S. housing, both in the West and in the South, and in the West, a continued increase in demand for exports. So we expect some upward pressure on log prices. We have weather events every quarter that may impact us a bit, but I think generally, we would expect that the impact is coming from the demand side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two general areas of questions, one in Wood and one in Real Estate, piggybacking on Gail. I guess in Wood Products, Dan, inflation offset a lot of the pickup in revenue that you saw in the segment. I guess that's to be expected this time in the cycle. If we look out the next year or so, would you anticipate that your realization should be at least able to keep up with inflation? And then taking a different take on it, if we hold raw materials and pricing constant, what kind of incremental margin do you expect you should be able to see out of Wood Products over the next 1 to 2 years?
Daniel S. Fulton: What we would expect is that as the market recovers, we certainly have different products, so we have our lumber business, we have our OSB business, we have engineered Wood Products. As the market demand picks up, there is pressure on log prices. And so the relative margin between logs and lumber shifts over time or logs and oriented strand board, but more related to logs. The impact in our engineered business comes through, as you noted, OSB input costs. But I can't answer your question specifically because it's a function of what supply is available on the market for logs and what production capacity comes back online in the Wood Products business. So it is the dynamic of supply and demand, and it's a function of production capability across the system. So quite frankly, I can't give you a specific number as I look out a couple of years. So what we believe is with a recovering market in the U.S., we should see increased demand for Wood Products, which will then translate to demand and ultimately pricing on logs, plus in our case, we have a significant export market off the West Coast, and that plays into the pricing dynamic also.
Patricia M. Bedient: George, the other thing that you saw in those margins in Wood Products in the fourth quarter was we had some downtime for the holidays and downtime for maintenance and implementing some capital projects. So as we see utilization rates improve, that will significantly impact that margin going forward as well.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, I'll leave that general area to the side for now. If we switch to WRECO, it was nice to see the increase in pricing and the backlog. Can you speak to what's been driving that? Is that what you're seeing in California or Las Vegas? And I guess again, just back to Gail's question, you had called out the mix issue in the fourth quarter, and you are more or less where we had expected you. But also, it seemed like Las Vegas, Nevada were stronger than we would've expected in the fourth quarter regionally broadly, not just Weyerhaeuser-specific. I'm curious why you didn't see more of a mix effect in the quarter.
Daniel S. Fulton: You're talking about sales prices which don't translate into the quarterly closing numbers, and so there's a lag, George, when we write those sales and when they are delivered. We were encouraged and have been encouraged not just by the fourth quarter, but as Patty noted, sales early this year had been very strong, which is atypical. We joke a bit about the Super Bowl being a turning point in the early year selling season, so this year is a bit of an anomaly. We're seeing prices moving up in every single market for similar type products, so that is not even addressing the mix issue as to whether or not it's a first-time product or a move-up product or there may be some additional pricing power. So we think that what's happening is certainly the existing inventory has diminished significantly. Homebuyers are going back into model complexes and making the commitment to buy new homes in part because they have more confidence in the economy, in their jobs, and they can obviously see that the market has bottomed and there is more likelihood of upward pricing movement, as well as perhaps some uncertainty about where mortgage rates are.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So the backlog price increase was broad not region-specific. Is that what you're saying?
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: The first question is just to make sure I get this right. On the pension funding status, I believe last year it was about $1.1 billion under. And so you're saying, based on the discount rate changes, should be about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. As you look at the total underfunded status for the pension plan, as you said, and this would be for the U.S. plan, as well as our nonqualified plan, we were, I think, about $1.150 billion. And at the end of this year, that will increase by about a little over $400 million. That's still for the pension, Chip. That doesn't include the other postretirement benefit plans. But if you're talking just pension, those were the right numbers.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Well, actually on that, I noticed that dropped from about $0.5 billion to $400 million from '10 to '11. Did that change the other things that much in 2012 or they stayed flat?
Patricia M. Bedient: When you say the other things...
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: The other postretirement benefits?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, they were fairly flat. The biggest change was in the pension plan.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay, that's great. And then one quick one in addition. When you go back in past cycles, you can see, and I know the footprint's different, but you often see a pretty substantial seasonal, or often have increase in the operating income in the Wood Products segment. And as you know, prices today are way above their fourth quarter averages, and notwithstanding the, I guess, last night's report that there might have been a little bit of a backoff in lumber. I mean, could we see a triple-digit operating income number in the Wood Products segment, is that what you mean by significant?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, when I say significant, Chip, remember we're talking about the first quarter when you talk about a triple digit, but that's what we're working toward. So it will be a multiple of the fourth quarter and pretty close to that triple digit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Dan, just one question. 2 years ago at Investor Day, you talked about the opportunity from being long land in your homebuilding business and the opportunity to sell land to homebuilders that were short. Has that process met your expectations? And is it reasonable for us to assume that we would see a significant ramp in that kind of activity in 2013?
Daniel S. Fulton: Our strategy is not changed, Mark, and we have -- we are not long land everywhere but we are long in certain markets, especially where entitlement processes reward a longer land position. Where we have master plans, we have the ability to not only build those lots but sell to others. We took advantage of that more in 2011 than we did in 2012. In '11, there was a resurgence of activity. Builders found themselves to be lot short, and we took advantage of that in certain regional markets. We looked for opportunities in those master plans where we have the excess land to sell to others on a profitable basis. We did some of that earlier this year, or in 2012, when we sold the Cross Creek Ranch property in Houston. And so we have that opportunity in front of us, and we'll look for opportunities where we have pricing and margin potential to take advantage of that as compared to building out those lots ourselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carly Mattson with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Mattson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about how the company thinks about refinancing the 2013 maturities, and whether we should look for potential new issuance in the public bond market, or whether Weyerhaeuser would prefer to pay a downward cash?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Carly. It's still early in the year but what we have said in the past is that we think that $4 billion of debt is about the right amount of debt for the size of the company today. We've been working that down. So when we pay off our 2013 maturities, we'll be right at -- maybe just a little below that target. So I think the point will be what other uses we may have for any additional debt in the future. But where we are right now, we have said in the past, and that would still be our view, that around $4 billion in debt is the right amount for the size that we are today.
Carly Mattson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then as a follow-up question, have you had discussions with the rating agencies about, particularly Moody's, about your -- the high BB rating that Weyerhaeuser has? And how does Weyerhaeuser think about the difference between being a crossover credit or a full investment grade credit. Has that view changed at all?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, Carly, we have ongoing conversations with both rating agencies, as you might well imagine. And we have historically been an investment grade rated company from both rating agencies. And Moody's moved us down years 2 ago when the markets in Wood Products especially were much more challenged than they are today. So we'll look forward to moving back into that investment grade area at Moody's, given the increase in the profitability and cash generation of the company. But I'll have to wait for them to make that move.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In the Wood Products business, can you just provide more color around what the impact was from the maintenance downtime during the fourth quarter? And then as we look to 2013, is there any color you can provide on how we should be thinking about the change in the maintenance expense as we work our way through the year? I think in the pulp business in the past, you've been kind enough to provide that type of color to the extent that you can in the Wood Products business, that will be very helpful.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Alex. As we think about the seasonality in the business in the fourth quarter, we typically plan to be down implementing, that's when we target to do our capital project implementation and we plan maintenance. So it was more a quarterly statement as opposed to an ongoing piece as you think about the first quarter and second and third quarters, so I don't think there's anything big about that, that's different. It's just that the market was very much stronger in lumber and OSB, especially. And we probably didn't take as much downtime -- we didn't take as much downtime as we typically would in a normal year. Most of that would have come as well in engineered wood, where the operating rates have not been as strong. And then did you have a question about Cellulose Fibers?
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No. I just -- the question really was if you guys can just put out a number for what the maintenance expense was in the Wood Products business for the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, how that changed?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, yes. I don't have a number for you in the actual maintenance for the fourth quarter for Wood Products. Let me see if we can pull something together and maybe you can check back with Kathy.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up question, as you know, Wood Products, what is the current profitability level in that business look like? Is it EBITDA breakeven at this point? And as you guys look at that business over the next couple of years, what U.S. housing starts level would that business really begin to generate meaningful profitability for the company?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, that -- the Wood Products segment is generating cash, Alex.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, I'm speaking about engineered wood products, not the entire segment. Just the engineered wood products subsegment.
Patricia M. Bedient: Engineered wood products, in terms of the operating rate for the fourth quarter were still about 40% to 45% in that business. So really what we need to do is to get that operating rate up. And as we look forward in that business, it is a late cycle recovering business in Wood Products. In other words, of the 3 technologies that we have, engineered wood products, because it is more exposed to single-family -- housing or new housing rather as opposed to repair and remodel, it recovers a little bit later in the cycle. I can't tell you that, as you might know, the Builders' Show is going on this week, and the talk at the Builders' Show is concern about being able to get capacity or to get product as the cycle continues to recover. So we look very much forward to getting to that point. And I think as we move forward to increase housing starts, as Dan mentioned in his outlook, that we will see much improved results in that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just following up on the sale of lots, given San Diego has historically been one of your stronger regions from a margin perspective, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the decision to sell that land rather than develop it yourself? And to the extent you can, can you talk about where the sale sort of leaves your land position in San Diego?
Daniel S. Fulton: Sure. Anthony, the property that we sold is part of a master plan, North County, San Diego called Pacific Highlands Ranch, where we have a significant number of entitled single-family lots that we would build out over time. That's a market that as you commented on, has been very good to us in the past. We have high margins in our single-family business in San Diego. The particular land that we sold is zoned for high-density residential. It was a very high density so multistory product and mixed-use. So it is not our core product that we build. That is the kind of property that we would typically sell to other builders and developers who specialize in it. Some of that will be rental, some of that perhaps could be for sale but likely more rental housing. And so it's consistent with our strategy to sell the property that is zoned for other than single-family to others, and that was the decision. So as we think about our land position in San Diego and our lot count, doesn't affect, really, our lot count at all because it's not a product that we would build. So it's totally consistent with the way we manage that business. The good news is that the multifamily market has been very strong, and so it was an opportune time to sell it. The purchasers of that property, will still have to go through some of their own entitlement process over a 1- to 2-year period before they break ground.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just maybe one last one, switching to Timberlands. I'm wondering how much your log exports to China were up or up or down year-over-year in 2012? And as you look forward to 2013, from a volume perspective, do you expect kind of a meaningful change in log exports to China?
Daniel S. Fulton: For the year, our export volume to China was up, but we expect it to increase as we go forward into 2013. The mix that we've talked about in the past is not significantly changed, so about 70% of our exports go to Japan, roughly 20% China and the balance to Korea. And as we look forward to full year 2013, I can't give you specific numbers on what the China volume is because it's not that predictable. But we see covering demand and we expect to be in a position to be delivering logs there as well as into our traditional markets of Japan and Korea. We have seen a pickup in activity in Japan. That's generally a more profitable market for us. They buy higher-quality logs, we have much longer-term relationships. But the relationships that we've built to China are encouraging for us and so we see it as an opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Dan, I wondered if you could just talk a little bit about sort of your positioning in the Wood Products business. It seems like over the last few months, we've started not only see a pickup in housing and building products activity, but we've started to see more M&A with the GP deal and then this Interfor deal that was announced the other day. I just wanted to get a sense of how you feel about your footprint in the business?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, we've seen that activity, Mark, and I would say it's not surprising. As the market starts to pick up, you'd expect to see some more of that activity. We like the position that we have, so we have good balance in our lumber business between the West and the South. As the market picks up, especially in California, we're excited about the opportunity to see improvement in our Western lumber system. OSB business, we've got 6 mills that are operating. We've increased production in that business over the last year, and we're moving, even as we speak into 2013, to increasing operating posture. I think in the fourth quarter, we are operating at about an 85% level. In OSB, we expect that to increase. So we're well positioned to serve both the Southern and the Western markets. Engineered wood products, Patty talked about it, is a late cycle business. We've got the leading brand in that business with our Trus Joist brand. And if single-family housing picks up, the opportunity there is that we do have a lot of operating leverage because we are operating it well less than capacity today, but we're positioned in the West and in the East to serve the broad needs of a recovering single-family, as well as the multifamily sector. As we look forward, there's still some question about the relative mix between singles and multis, as we move forward wondering whether there's change in patterns and increasing density. But we like the position that we have in every one of those products.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Would you want to expand in any of these businesses?
Daniel S. Fulton: We look at opportunities. And fundamentally, as we look at opportunities, it's a function of how it would fit with our existing system and in relative financial opportunities. So I think we're active all the time in looking, but we have no immediate plans that we're prepared to discuss.
Patricia M. Bedient: [indiscernible] is there to say that our focus, really, is on improving the operations that we have, and we aren't operating the operations that we have today at full capacity. So we have room to continue to grow the business with the existing facilities that we have. So that's really the focus.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fine. Just can you just mention where you're at in terms of kind of maximizing with kind of oil and gas and mineral revenue from the land? And you do have a lot of land down in Louisiana, and I just, I wonder where you're at in terms of extracting all of the subsurface value that you might from your holdings?
Daniel S. Fulton: Our average earnings over the last year or so have been about $10 million a quarter, revenues coming from our minerals operation. There's been a bit of a shift in mix, Mark, between oil and gas. If we were to go back 3 to 4 years ago, when the gas shale activity took off, I think our minerals business at that point was generating about $60 million. Some of that was coming from these upfront lease payments as well as royalty payments. So on a steady-state basis, for the next 12 months or so, I think $10 million a quarter is probably a predictable number. Production levels are down in that business because of prices today for natural gas. Drilling costs for shale oil had been relatively high. We have land that's well positioned both in the Haynesville Shale gas area and the Tuscaloosa oil shale region. So we have active drilling going on in our properties, and I think it's really a function of pricing of the end product for oil and gas that will dictate how much additional activity there'll be in the next 12 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You guys have talked a little bit about the increased staffing, and I'm going to assume most of that has to do with the community count and with lumber production. But would you be able to speak a little bit more specifically on the lumber production side, how much you think you can get both lumber and OSB production up or just overall Wood Products production up throughout the year?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well when we talk about it, and I mentioned briefly with respect to OSB, we're increasing our operating posture and we have been doing some hiring, bringing people back to work in order to add shifts. As the market expands for lumber, we have the same ability to add hours and in some cases to add shifts. But we respond both to demand, but primarily pricing. And over the past 12 months, most of the hiring that we have done in the company has been production employees that we've been putting back to work in order to be able to ramp up and respond to the increased opportunities for Wood Products. In WRECO, our general staffing level has been relatively stable as we add communities, then we would certainly add production superintendents and sales teams. But in the WRECO business in particular, most of the activity is subcontractor-based, and so it doesn't have a significant impact on our headcount. Did that answer your question or did you have a different focus to your question?
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: No, no, I think that's helpful. When we look at the Timberlands business, you guys had mentioned also and it seems like the Southern log harvest went up pretty nicely in the fourth quarter. How much below, I guess, sustainable harvest or how much above your sustainable harvest could you harvest in the coming years if there was a very strong recovery? And what could those levels go to from where they are today?
Daniel S. Fulton: During the recession, we went through a period of a couple of years where we took our harvest levels down, and we have been bringing them back over the last 2 to 3 years. So you've seen a fairly significant ramp-up in harvest activity, 2011, 2012. We are managing our Timberlands on a sustainable basis. Over the next 12 to 24 months, you should not expect to see a significant increase in harvest activity because we are operating today at a sustainable level. In any given market situation, we have the ability to flex a bit, say plus or minus 10%. It's a little bit -- takes a little bit longer to increase in the West because of road requirements and permit requirements. But we have shared projections in the past in our main conference of long-term harvest levels in terms of how that would ramp up over time. That's more of a function of the maturity of the timber rather than responding to specific market conditions. So we have some limited ability to flex short term, as we've done in the last year or so. So we'll respond to market conditions.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Patty, you touched on the pension obligation and how that went up on a GAAP basis. Could you give us -- I know that may not be finalized yet, but could you give us an idea on where that went on a PBO basis at year end?
Patricia M. Bedient: I don't know that I have that in front of me. Let me just see if I can help you with anything on that. I think we may have to wait for the K filing, which will come out later here in the next couple of weeks. Let me see if I can find the number for you, Josh, as we're sitting here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So your log sales prices were up pretty good, particularly in the West Coast, which wasn't the case for all landowners out here. So I'm just wondering is that due to your exposure to Japan and China? Or is there also some benefit to putting higher logs through your mills at higher prices because you're basically transferring the revenue from a taxable jurisdiction into an untaxable jurisdiction?
Daniel S. Fulton: The latter is not the case. We sell logs to our lumber business or conversion businesses at market. The difference in pricing is more likely a function of our Japanese trade, Steve. And the quality of the logs and the long-term relationships that we have with customers there, where we are being rewarded for the quality of the logs and the consistency of delivery over a long period of time. And I think we have that same opportunity emerging in China because of the quality of our fiber, the predictability and sustainability on the logistical side. I think we're fairly compensated for the value that we deliver.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Perfect. One other quick one. Across the WRECO footprint, do you feel that you have a need to reload your land position anywhere across that in any of your geographies?
Daniel S. Fulton: We are always purchasing new land in our WRECO system to replace the lots that we are selling with the houses that we deliver. So that is just an ongoing function of managing a pipeline of future lots. We are very strategic in where we have a land position. The length of that position varies by market depending upon the challenge of entitlements and how we are able to control it. So our focus is on efficient management of our cash, and allocation of resource was in that business to, number one, be sure that we have a pipeline, but also ensure that we are earning maximum possible returns on the use of our capital. So it is a region-by-region decision. But in fact, we are always in the market looking for lot positions for future deliveries.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: You talked about housing starts potentially being up 30% this year, and I want to understand what type of flexibility you have in your lumber business in particular, given that potential? If one were to assume that might mean lumber demand and if you have a differing view on this, please share. But let's say lumber demand might be up about 15% or so, would you expect to have the capability in your system to increase your production by at least 15%? And you talked about having already started that process. Where are you in that process? How much increased production have you already started to achieve?
Daniel S. Fulton: We've had a steady increase in production as the market has begun to recover. In our lumber business in the fourth quarter, we were operating in about an 80%, in maybe mid-80s production rate so we have room to move beyond that in response to increased market demand. Also in the lumber business, Mark, our typical shift posture is 2 shifts. And so we have the ability to add hours to those shifts on a selective basis, and we have the ability, in some cases, to add an entire shift. We've got one facility in Cottage Grove, Oregon, that operates 24/7. That's not typical in the lumber business. But we do have a fair amount of flexibility in lumber to respond. And the response obviously comes from not just volume but we have to look at who our customers are and what pricing is. And so at the level of starts that we are at today, we've got a fair amount of room. As I pointed out, the level of starts in 2012 is very low by historic standards. We've got a lot of room to move between now and getting back to trend levels, which are sort of 1.5 million to 1.7 million.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Right. I guess what I'm trying to understand is that given your view of the world, presumably you're positioning yourself to be able to produce a good deal more product this year. And what I'm trying to understand, whether or not those actions have already been taken and we are already seeing that production, or whether you are in the process of taking those actions and the increased production will show up in 1 month, 2 months, 3 months?
Daniel S. Fulton: The increased production should show up as demand increases. So we're not producing excess inventory, and we're not producing inventory at prices that don't give us the margins that we think are appropriate. So we have the ability to respond as the market picks up. There's some delayed response. It's a little bit longer-term response when you -- when we're ramping up, let's say, adding an entire shift to an OSB mill. That takes a little bit longer time. And so we've gone through some of that activity over the last year in our Wood Products business but more likely related to our OSB facilities.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So basically, you feel that you can be very quickly responsive and so you do not necessarily need to be building log decks, getting more work out. You don't have to like plan a month or 2 ahead of time, just so as I can understand?
Daniel S. Fulton: No, we're always planning ahead of time. So we have, actually, fairly robust staffing plans where we look out a potential demand and we're filling those positions. But I can't give you specifics on a by-mill basis. We are -- the headcount that we've increased over the last year, as I mentioned, has primarily been related to Wood Products production.
Patricia M. Bedient: Mark, when you think about lumber, we don't have huge log decks. We don't carry huge log decks in our supply chain. So the things that -- and that's just a function of the way that we operate on an efficient basis. So the things that would provide hiccups in that to being able to meet that demand are more things like if we were to have a weather-related event in the West. That would drive out-of-log downtime. So it's not if you go back a few years and you think -- and some competitors still do today, carry a lot of inventory in the yard, we have really worked on our supply chain between our Timberlands business and our lumber business so that we can respond as market conditions do increase.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just an easy question, just on log pricing. It looks like prices are up in the Pacific Northwest, and I can understand the sort of the rally in Japan in advance of tax hikes in '14 and higher Chinese demand. I'm really concerned with the log prices in the South. And if I look at it historically, I mean, it seems to be a correlation of after 6 months of the lumber price hike, you were 6 to 12 months, you've seen log prices come up and we've seen that gap expand out, and lumber prices are up sort of 30% to 40% year-over-year. So the question is, when do you expect the log prices to start to move up significantly or materially in the U.S. South?
Patricia M. Bedient: Paul, we are starting to see log prices move up in the South, I would say more on a modest basis. Our own sales realizations for logs in the Timberlands segment, as I spoke to, will actually be down just slightly. But that's really more a function of the diameter size of the logs that we're logging this quarter, and that's not atypical for us. We are looking at settings that we can access, especially as it relates to this wet weather. So that's just an isolated instance -- incident. But we would expect saw log prices to start to move more significantly in the South as we go through the year, assuming, that would be our assumption, that housing continues to recover.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Okay. I'd like to thank everybody for taking the time to join us today. We continue to appreciate your interest. As you can tell from our comments, we're encouraged by the recovery in housing that's underway. We think we're well positioned to take advantage of it, and we look forward to -- we're looking forward to 2013 because I think we have the opportunity to fully participate in this recovery. And we look forward to your continued interest. If you have questions following the call, follow up as you normally do with Kathy. Appreciate it very much. Good day, everybody.
Patricia M. Bedient: And, Josh, you can get that answer to your question from Kathy, we'll dig that out for you.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Okay, thank you. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel S. Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Marlee, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to the call over to Ms. Kathy McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Marlee. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As summarized on Chart 1, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter 2012 net earnings of $117 million or $0.22 per diluted share. That was our net sale of $1.8 billion. There were no special items in this quarter. Turning to our business segments. My comments reviewing the third quarter of 2012 refer to changes from the second quarter of 2012. Beginning with Timberlands, Charts 3 and 4. Timberlands contributed $80 million to pretax earnings, $3 million more than in Q2. Revenues from Timberlands exchanges were $24 million in the quarter, an increase of $17 million. In the West, log prices declined approximately $5 per cubic meter. Domestic log prices decreased due to an abundant supply of farmer wood. Export log prices were up slightly due to mix. Dry conditions and fire danger in the West resulted in a 3% reduction in fee harvest volumes. Road costs in the West were seasonally higher. In the South, log prices increased 2%, third-party log volumes rose 6% and the fee harvest was slightly higher. Silviculture costs in the South were slightly lower as planting was deferred into dry weather conditions. Wood Products, Charts 5 and 6. Wood Products contributed $59 million to pretax earnings in Q3, $29 million more than in Q2. Price realizations increased across nearly all product lines, as product supply channels remained lean. OSB prices increased $54 per thousand square feet or 25%, and lumber prices rose $9 per thousand board feet or 3%. Sales volumes for engineered wood products increased 8%. Sales volumes for lumber declined slightly as southern lumber mills took downtime in response to slightly weaker market conditions around the 4th of July holiday. Lumber mills operated at over an 80% rate in the quarter. OSB mills took downtime for scheduled maintenance resulting in lower sales volumes. The operating rate for OSB was 85%. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 7 and 8. Sale of fibers contributed $78 million to pretax earnings, $42 million more than in Q2. During the third quarter, this segment had a strong performance. Pulp production increased 9% and maintenance costs were lower. In Q3, there was only one scheduled maintenance outage of 13 days. In Q2, there were 2 annual maintenance outages resulting in 27 days of mill downtime. Pulp sales volumes increased 2%. Pulp price realizations were flat. Real Estate, Charts 9 and 10. Real Estate contributed $17 million to pretax earnings and had no significant income from land and lot sales. Second quarter pretax earnings of $15 million included $12 million of land and lot sales. In Q3, single-family home closings increased 21% to 615 homes from 508 homes in Q2. Home closings were up 21% of the same quarter last year. Although the average home closing price was $372,000, this was nearly flat with 2 -- with second quarter. Margins went up in most geographies, with the largest increase in San Diego. Gross margins in Q3 were 24.3%, up from 19.5% in the previous quarter. The backlog at the end of the quarter was 1,055 homes. Real Estate controls approximately 27,000 lots in our primary markets. In addition, we control 67,000 lots, mostly under options in a large master plan community in Nevada, where development and construction is on hold pending improvement in the local market. Unallocated Items, Chart 11. The foreign exchange gain of $11 million in Q3 was due to the strengthening of the Canadian dollar. The swing from Q2 was $19 million. Offsetting this was a charge of $10 million for the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. As we discussed last quarter, this item was formerly reported at the segment level and is now recorded in unallocated items. The charge for share-based compensation increased in Q3 as the price of Weyerhaeuser stock appreciated. The increase in share-based compensation largely accounts for the increase in SG&A. Now I will turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'll start by saying that I'm pleased with our strong quarterly performance. As Kathy noted, we earned $117 million during the quarter. Comparing this quarter's earnings with our second quarter earnings before special items, we had a quarter-over-quarter increase of $70 million, with each of our core business segments showing gains. The rise in our earnings was a result of ongoing business improvement initiatives, coupled with increasing strength of U.S. housing, which allowed us to capitalize on the full value of the company. Before I offer some brief comments on the performance of each of our business segments, I'll provide a macroeconomic context for our quarter. First, the housing market. On last quarter's call, I noted that the long-awaited housing recovery looks and feels real. After another solid quarter, all indicators point to continued steady improvement. Recent September housing starts data shows a seasonally adjusted level of 745,000 for the year, confirming what we're seeing on the ground in the marketplace. In addition to increased construction activity, we now have the latest release of the widely reported Case Schiller numbers, which are a bit of a lagging indicator. These numbers show broad modest increases in pricing across most major markets. Price increases helped build consumer confidence, which then begins to move more potential homebuyers off the sidelines. While today's construction levels are still low by historic standards, all forecasts point to continued recovery in 2013 as we begin to return the long-term trend levels that are needed to house a growing number of U.S. households. Since World War II, housing has normally led the way out of our cyclical recessions, but as economist Rogoff and Reinhart suggest, this time is different. In this recovery, the broader economy began to improve earlier in the cycle and we enjoy the benefit of improving global markets over the past couple of years in our Cellulose Fibers business. This time, however, it's Housing that has been lagging. Ironically, it now seems that the broader economy has hit a soft patch, perhaps in response to trouble in Europe and slower growth in China. Housing is at last beginning to play its historic role in putting people back to work. There are plenty of reasons to feel cautious about the pace of the housing recovery, including election year uncertainty and the year end fiscal cliff. Additionally, high oil prices affect our cost directly in the form of diesel fuel, resins and glues and freight costs. And high gas prices affect consumers, especially homebuyers in California. Nevertheless, our quarterly results show that we're improving our performance in this uncertain environment. With respect to global economic conditions, over 1/3 of our revenues come from exports of products from our Cellulose Fibers, Timberlands and Wood Products segments. Slower growth in the Eurozone and China affects demand for our products in these markets. Demand is also affected by supply from global competitors, adjusting to changing levels of regional demand. I'll discuss specific factors as I review results for our business segments. Now I'll comment on the performance of each of our businesses in the third quarter. In Timberlands, we had a solid quarter, with earnings increasing slightly as a result of increased profits from dispositions. Export sales of logs from our strategically located Western lands are a competitive strength of Weyerhaeuser and they're an important component of our earnings. During the past quarter, demand from Japan, which is our largest export market, remained stable. Quarterly volume was down slightly due to the timing of ship departures. These shipments will be included in the fourth quarter results. Over the past few quarters, we've commented on the slowdown of log exports to China, but noted that we expected some pickup in Chinese demand towards the end of the year. Our effectiveness in building longer-term reliable relationships with direct customers, together with some correction of temporary oversupply, resulted in a 9% increase in our shipments to China during the quarter. This increase helped to offset the slight decline in volume to Japan, which will be reversed in the fourth quarter. In Wood Products, we again delivered strong year-over-year results and quarter-over-quarter results. Sales realizations increased for most products as a result of improved commodity prices, as well as a higher value product mix. The segment also benefited from the effective execution of performance improvement initiatives. The result, earnings nearly doubled compared with the second quarter despite slightly lower volumes for lumber and OSB. Excluding special items, our $92 million in EBITDA for the quarter was up $102 million from the third quarter of 2011 and year-to-date, we're up $195 million, demonstrating the operating leverage that we have with our large scale and all product lines, especially lumber and OSB. Improvement year-to-date is a result of better market conditions but also from deliberate, across-the-board initiatives that we've undertaken to improve our performance. In total, these initiatives have contributed to more than half of our year-over-year bottom line gain. Examples of these broad improvement initiatives include revenue gains from targeted price increases for both commodity as well as value added products, volume growth from an expanded presence in the repair and remodel market, reduced manufacturing costs from higher operating rates and greater manufacturing reliability and lower raw materials cost due to improved log recovery, reduced purchase of outside veneer and reduced use in cost of wax and resin additives. We still have further opportunity to improve our performance, but we're pleased with our progress. Moving to WRECO, as Kathy noted, earnings increased slightly from the second quarter results as home closings rose 21% due to steady market improvement, as well as seasonal activity. This quarter, we had no significant land sales compared to the second quarter when we sold our Cross Creek Ranch master plan community in Houston. Sales continued to show the strength of the housing recovery as quarterly sales increased 45% compared with last year. Year-to-date, total sales were 40% greater than last year and they're up in every one of our markets. This sales activity led to a 74% increase in our backlog compared with last year. The national housing market continues to improve in a measured pace, tracking job growth and a steady decline in both new and resale home inventory. Real Estate is still local [ph], however, and the pace of recovery differs among our regional markets. In the quarter, our most improved market was the Inland Empire of California, where sales doubled from the second quarter and tripled from one year ago as we tap the market opportunity with attractive, newly designed homes for more price-sensitive buyers. Sales in the Washington DC market, which typically are slow in the summer months, showed surprising strength compared with last year. This improvement included sales of affordable homes, which are required as part of our development entitlements in this region. Year-to-date, our most improved markets are Arizona, Las Vegas, and California's Inland Empire, followed by solid gains in the Puget Sound region, Washington D.C. and San Diego. The L.A. Ventura market is beginning to show signs of slow recovery, and Houston, which has been a solid market during the downturn, has maintained steady volume this year. My final business comments relate to our Cellulose Fibers segment. Our Cellulose Fibers segment earnings increased significantly as a result of less plant maintenance downtime and higher productivity. This improvement came despite challenging global market conditions. Price realizations were approximately flat, holding better than commodity grade index prices which declined during the quarter. With approximately 2/3 of our Cellulose Fibers sales coming from exports, foreign exchange rates can affect our results. During the quarter, the Canadian dollar rose slightly, while the euro strengthened late in the quarter in response to new Eurozone policy measures. Both changes should help the relative competitiveness of our Cellulose Fibers segment. We continue our dual focus of continuous improvement in our manufacturing and marketing, while also developing innovative new products. Innovation over time will provide margin uplift and allow us to continue to grow with global customers. Construction is nearing completion at our new modified fiber manufacturing plant in Gdansk, Poland. Product qualification is set to begin by year end, and we should begin to deliver product by midyear 2013. Our newest announced product is THRIVE, a proprietary form of thermaplastic composite, using a sustainably sourced cellulose fiber from our pulp mills as a reinforcement additive. The product will initially be used in automotive parts and household goods. This green polymer product will help manufacturers of auto parts improve performance characteristics and cost compared to their existing petroleum-based parts. This will not have a significant near-term financial effect for us. It's an example of our success in developing innovative new products from cellulose, in this case, for new customers, starting with 4 today with global potential in the future. Before turning to Patty for comments about our fourth quarter outlook as well as financial highlights, I will talk about our recent decision to increase our dividend by 13%, from $0.15 per quarter to $0.17. When we converted to a REIT in 2010, we stated that our objective was to set an attractive dividend that would be both sustainable and could grow over time. In setting our initial post-conversion dividend level, we wanted to strike the right balance, considering our overall economic outlook, our outlook for near-term company performance, our targeted capital structure and the affordability of our targeted dividend. On last quarter's call, in response to a question, I said that we would set our dividend not looking back but looking forward, considering our future earnings potential, as well as our view of market conditions. Although we remained cautious about the pace of recovery in the U.S. and global economies, our board was pleased to take action at this time to increase our dividend. This decision was based upon the clear results of operational improvements to enhance performance within each of our businesses that are evident in our report this morning and are confident that housing fundamentals are improving. And now I'll turn the call over to Patty to discuss our fourth quarter outlook, as well as provide financial highlights.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody. Notwithstanding the uncertainty in the overall economy, we are pleased that nearly one month into the fourth quarter, we continued to see the sustained signs of an improving housing market. Our outlook for the fourth quarter is summarized on Chart 12, and I'll begin my comments with Timberlands. In the West, domestic log prices are anticipated to be slightly higher on volumes comparable to Q3. Export volumes to Japan, our highest margin log, remain strong and are expected to increase in the fourth quarter. Housing markets in Japan have been stronger this year, driven by a combination of historically low mortgage rates, planned increases in consumption taxes in later years and some rebuilding and repair activities from last year's tsunami. The weak euro continues to create heavy price competition from European laminated lumber. Demand and prices for our logs to China are expected to increase moderately, with improvement in both residential and commercial construction activity. In the South, realizations for logs are expected to be slightly lower due to a smaller piece [ph] size, with a heavier mix to chips and fiber. Fee volume is likely to be slightly higher seasonally. We will see significantly increased costs, mainly due to the timing of silviculture treatments. Nonstrategic land sales are expected to be flat to Q3. Overall, we expect earnings in our Timberlands segment to be comparable to the third quarter. In Wood Products, the fourth quarter is traditionally one of the weakest earnings quarters of the year due to seasonality. While we do not -- while we do expect to see some softening as we progress through the quarter, to date, prices and volumes have been unusually strong for this time of year across most product lines. We will likely have reduced volumes later in the quarter and we will continue to match supply with demand. We continue to focus on driving operational improvements across the system and we will take the opportunity with the slower holiday season to complete some minor maintenance in capital projects. We expect to be solidly profitable in the fourth quarter, but well below third quarter levels. Moving on to Cellulose Fibers. In the fourth quarter, we expect sales realizations for pulp to decline, primarily due to softening in the fluff market, which lagged the decline in NBSK. Global softwood inventories are in the normal range, but uncertainty in the global economy still exists. Sales volumes are expected to increase somewhat compared to the third quarter. Our final planned outage for the year was completed earlier this month, with downtime of about 6 days, compared with maintenance downtime in the third quarter of 13 days. As a result of fewer maintenance days, maintenance expense will be lower. Energy costs will likely be somewhat higher as a result of lower electricity sales and somewhat seasonally higher natural gas usage. We expect that earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment for the fourth quarter will be comparable to the third quarter. In our Real Estate segment, we anticipate home closings to increase to just over 800 compared to 615 in Q3. The mix of closings in the fourth quarter will include fewer closings from certain high-margin communities in San Diego and increased volume of affordable homes with low margins due to regulated sales prices. As a result, although our homebuilding activity continues to be strong, we will likely see margins drop to below 20% in the fourth quarter. The increased closing volume will also result in higher selling-related expenses. We expect that earnings from our single-family homebuilding activity will be slightly lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. And it is possible that the fourth quarter could have some land sales, although the amount and the timing is difficult to predict. There was no significant land sale activity in Q3. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. Through the third quarter, capital spending for Weyerhaeuser Company totaled approximately $219 million. We still expect total spending for the year, which includes reforestation, to be around $290 million. We ended the quarter with cash of $608 million. Major uses of cash during the quarter included debt maturities of approximately $181 million and a $97 million payment on a note related to a timber monetization for timber that was sold in 2002. During the fourth quarter, we expect to receive about $110 million when the related financial investment matures. Cash received for stock option exercises during the quarter was approximately $66 million, driven by the higher stock price. Our dividend payout in the fourth quarter will increase to approximately $92 million, reflecting the increase in the quarterly per share dividend to $0.17, as Dan has already discussed. We have no further debt maturities this year and we expect working capital balances to decline seasonally by year end, however, not to the levels of last year end given our stronger wood products markets. With that, I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Quarterly results from all of our business segments demonstrate the operating leverage that we have to a recovering housing sector, as well as operational improvements in each of our businesses that are increasing our competitiveness. We will continue to focus on what we can control, improving our operating performance and our relative competitiveness, being prepared to take full advantage of the quality of our assets, the strong relationships with our customers and suppliers and the commitment of our dedicated employees. And now we welcome your questions and comments.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I got a question on cost. You've done a good job of containing SG&A over the past year. But as we look forward to 2013, there's a possibility you could be growing revenue, maybe in the double digits. You should be seeing volume recovery in most of your businesses. Can you talk about how you think about SG&A targets in that environment? And then in terms of working capital requirements, as you ramp up volumes, what are the working capital needs and maybe the incremental capital spending that's going to be tied up as we move closer to a million starts next year or the following year?
Daniel S. Fulton: Let me first talk about -- address your question on SG&A. We've made a tremendous amount of progress on bringing down our overhead expenses over the last 3- to 4-year period, and our journey is not done. We continue to look for opportunities to continue to ratchet down our G&A. However, we are now shifting to a period where we expect to be growing because of the pickup in housing and the need to be restaffing in certain locations. A lot of the restaffing is not reflected in G&A, it's cost of sales headcount. So we continue to be focused on managing our G&A and keeping the gains that we've made during this downturn. We would expect selling cost to be increasing, coincident with the pickup in sales because fundamentally, most of our selling costs are tied to revenues. And we would expect selling-related expenses to be increasing as we begin to recover. As we think about working capital, Patty commented that we shouldn't expect the same level of working capital at the end of this year in our Wood Products business as we had last year because we are selling more material and we are manufacturing product not just to maintain our current level of business, but as I mentioned in my remarks, we are increasing sales in certain channels. And so there will be some additional working capital related to increased sales activities as we go into 2013 and as we continue to expect housing starts to recover. We would expect the same thing to be showing up in our WRECO business throughout 2013 because we expect our volume to be increasing coincident with the pickup in housing.
Patricia M. Bedient: Maybe the one thing that I would add, and you saw that in this quarter, as Kathy commented, where G&A will go up to the extent that it -- the stock price impacts, the variable compensation in terms of marking our share price to market. So I look forward to that part of the G&A going up, but as Dan said, we'll continue to stay very focused on holding on to the G&A gains and really increasing that through productivity and some of the activities that we have underway.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then maybe just shifting gears to Chinese log demand. You referenced expectations for improved log prices on Chinese homebuilding activity. I'm just wondering, can you tell us what you're seeing in October and is that something that you're really seeing now? Is there sort of an expectation for an improvement towards the year end? Or can you just give us any kind of color on what you're seeing now?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, we saw some pickup in our export activity in the third quarter, probably a little bit better than we might have imagined. We had been anticipating some market recovery towards the end of the year. We were able to capitalize on better conditions in the third quarter, and we would expect that to continue through the fourth quarter and into next year. Some of that, as I said, is related to working down inventory, generally in China, but also us continuing to capitalize on the relationships that we have developed with our Chinese customers. There was a slowdown in construction in China that now seems to be reversing itself a bit. Remember that we're not selling structural grade material into China for wood frame housing. The wood that's going to China is used in construction for, primarily, forms as well as other industrial uses. But I think we're seeing the benefits of the predictability of our logistics, the quality of our logs. And so we expect that we continue to take advantage of the opportunity in China, recognizing once again that our largest market is Japan, where our export volume for logs.
Patricia M. Bedient: But Anthony, to your question, what we're seeing for China now, we are having -- and they are moderate increases, small, but we are seeing the pricing picking up on our China. And as Dan talked about, we really go through very established customer relationships. So it may be a little different than what you're seeing in the broader industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So 2 things. I mean, everything you've said about housing is right and bullish and I think we all feel pretty good about it. Was the increase in the cancellation rate anything special or is there something we should be watching for there? And then a second question, I know I've sort of asked of this question before. As I talk to Southern landowners, they tell me that rotations are changing dramatically just by default. Is your system not seeing that just because it's so big?
Daniel S. Fulton: With respect to cancellation rates, I think they've been extraordinarily low for the last several quarters, and I think, Mark, what we're seeing is a return to perhaps a little bit more normal situation. The primary reason today for cancellations is the channel and [indiscernible] qualification, which is still a difficult process for most home buyers. And so there is some level of discouragement that leads some to drop out but I -- I don't view the uptick in cancellation rate to be troubling. In fact, there's a very low level of finished inventory in the market for new homes and the inventory levels of these sales have come down pretty dramatically. So there's a shortage of product out there and that causes me to feel relatively comfortable. Southern log rotations, we're not seeing any significant changes in our system.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Dan, again, I appreciate the increased data and kind of visibility inside Weyerhaeuser we continue to get from you guys. I did wonder today, can you give us any color on the non-strategic timber sale in the quarter, just in terms of location, acreage and values that you're seeing out there?
Patricia M. Bedient: Mark, this is Patty. Actually, it's not just one, there's a number of ones that we have that are small in size. Most of the activity that took place this quarter, I believe, was primarily in the South.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And do you have an expectation, Patty, for what we will see over the next 12 to 24 months in terms of aggregate levels of nonstrategic sales?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, Mark, it's difficult to know. As you know, those sales are lumpy. I wouldn't see a significant pickup in the amount of acreage that we would bring to market from a sale perspective, only because we've really optimized the portfolio. So in terms of additional non-strategic assets, as you know, we sold a fair amount over the past. In terms of things that might come on the market, I think we are seeing some pickup from the industry broadly, but difficult to know exactly what will happen over the next 12 to 15 months.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And could you talk a minute -- at WRECO, what you're doing vis-à-vis lots and lots of options at this point?
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes, I mean, we always approach the WRECO markets differentially, Mark, as we've explained in the past. It's really a function of what the entitlement risks are in each market. We are always active in the market. We have a strong pipeline of lots at various stages. And so we're confident that we've got lot availability that we can see for an increase in activity in 2013. As we look out towards 2014, our plans are in place to be sure that we've got the improvements going in, so that we'll have finished lots for those timeframes. We also have lots, I think, as we discussed before, that where we have the ability to sell to other builders at the right time and the right place, and we've got the optionality in our portfolio to either build homes on those lots or to sell them to others, if that happens to be an advantageous strategy. The lot market is tightening up in most major metro areas, especially finished lots. So the industry is working through a lot of the lots that had been developed prior to the turndown in the cycle. Now, we're back into a mode of having to put in infrastructure improvements to complete new lots. And so that is causing some escalation in prices in most markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: The thing that stood out, and I know we're not back to normal times and who knows what normal will be. But when you go back in the past, it seems like you all had usually a rush of closings in the fourth quarter in Real Estate that really took the number up a lot. And again, knowing we're just on the turn, I can see why it might be premature. But is there anything else going on in that might make the pattern seasonally be different as we go through the next few years as housing, I assume, continues to recover as that happens? Or will we -- at some point -- or is this an unusual year that the fourth quarter is not really moving up a lot?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, our fourth quarter closing estimate is increasing, and that is typical with the seasonality that you observed in the past. I think that's typical, not just for us, but for other builders. And so we have actually a fairly significant increase in closings that are projected. As Patty pointed out, the margins will not be as great as what they were in the third quarter. And so that's a quarter-over-quarter comparison that's important to recognize. Q3 margins were higher than normal because of a mix that was heavier to San Diego, especially some projects in San Diego where we were closing out subdivisions and had very high margins. As we move to the fourth quarter, the shift of mix moves away from San Diego to more affordable markets where margins are lower and is further affected by the fact that we have a significant number of closings that we're projecting out of our Winchester operation in the Washington D.C. Metro area, where they will be delivering some affordable homes that are required as part of the entitlement process in Maryland and Virginia. And so those are very low margin homes that are part of an overall subdivision development. Those affordability requirements are imposed on developers in projects that are roughly 50 lots or more. And so what you're seeing really is a quarter-over-quarter comparison that is a mix shift and it accentuates those differences. But we still expect an increase in activity in the fourth quarter foreclosings. What is noteworthy this quarter, as we look at the fourth quarter, I think as Patty noted, normally, we'd have more slowdown in the Wood Products business. And what we're seeing is pricing hanging in there a little bit longer than what might be normal and I think that's related to construction activity, not for homes that will be delivered this fourth quarter, but early next year.
Patricia M. Bedient: So Chip, just to give you some numbers on the closings, if you went back last year in the third quarter, we were at 508, and we went to 582 in the fourth quarter. This quarter, the third quarter, we were at 615 and we'll be over 800 in the fourth quarter for this particular quarter.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And that's very helpful with the mix. It sounds like it's unusual. I just want a quick follow-up. I'm looking at your guidance for Wood Products, and we always -- as we all know, have to take it with a grain of salt given the volatility although there are lags. It just seems to me that you are taking a quite cautious view, especially given that in the last week or 2 we've seen a rise in the price of both lumber and OSB at least in the trade press. And now we've got this hurricane, which of course you guys don't have to worry about out there, that is about to visit us here on the East Coast. And so I mean, are you taking a large dose of the normal seasonality in putting that into your guidance? And -- or do you actually think this is -- that no, which -- are you being conservative?
Patricia M. Bedient: I think it's a fair statement, Chip, that our overall guidance is conservative. As you appropriately pointed out, volatility for pricing in both of those commodities has been a pleasant surprise, both in the third quarter. And as I said in my opening comments, to date, in the month of October, we've been pleasantly surprised with the strength of pricing. Just to give you maybe some way to gauge that a little bit, in lumber, every $10 of movement in price for us, in this quarter, it will be about $3 million per month, given the volumes that we're projecting for the fourth quarter. And in OSB, every $10 is $2 million a month. So those earnings move pretty dramatically with price increases. So if these price increases hold, we will be above the guidance that we gave you for the fourth quarter, and I think you know this. The nice thing about Wood Products is you do get some visibility as we go through the quarter in terms of what's happening out in the market, given the printed publications that come out. But we're pulling for higher pricing in both of those. And I would be very pleased later in the quarter to be reporting that our guidance for the fourth quarter was higher than what we're talking about today.
Daniel S. Fulton: Two final comments on that question, Chip. When the new housing start numbers were announced last week, that did cause some increase in activity among our customers because our customers are running with very thin supply inventory levels, and they would normally be managing inventory levels down at year end. And so good news with starts causes the channel to react relatively quickly, especially with limited amount of product in the channel. And then finally, we do care about the hurricane. That will potentially affect our manufacturing business in our woods on the East Coast, as well as overall market conditions for our customers, and so we're concerned about that just as much as you are.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions. One on WRECO to beat that perhaps into the ground and one on Cellulose Fibers. The closing that you're projecting for fourth quarter are actually pretty normal relative to your backlog if you look over history. And certainly, you've talked about mix and the fact you have more affordable housing being produced this -- or closed this quarter. Yet, traditionally, then the fourth quarter from an EBITDA dollar standpoint and operating profit dollar standpoint, has been in fact larger than the prior quarters. Should we now assume that this change in mix is something that we should expect for future periods? Are there any implications from this or is this really just a one-off factor? And when you're talking about mix, could you relate at all what the selling price changes were on what closed this quarter within your regions? On Cellulose Fibers, my question is have there been any positive or negative implication thus far in terms of your demand from some of the outages that we've heard about on superabsorbents relative to that Japanese factory explosion?
Daniel S. Fulton: So George, I'll answer it in the order that you asked them. With respect to the fourth quarter, it is a mix issue, especially relative to Q3, and it includes these affordable units. And the issue on the affordable units is that there's a different rhythm to them. So in our Winchester operation, which is where these sales are coming from, they are normally a pre-seller of homes. So they take an order and then they build the house and deliver it. With these affordable units, they are attached, they're part of a larger project. We build them and then when they are close to completion, we turn really the sales process over to the community entity that handles these affordable units. And so it's a larger number of deliveries all at one time. And so when you have low margins in a large group of homes, it will tend to drag down the overall mix. That's not something that I would expect over time, but there is some lumpiness to the way those affordable units are delivered. We are also seeing an increase in closings that tracks the sales that we've had earlier in the year in some of our lower-priced markets, and so that is also affecting margin. As we look at cash flow, the increased activity in closings will generate more cash flow even if margins are down a bit because fundamentally, we're recovering all of our costs, including the land cost that's invested in those slots. With respect to the question on the SAP...
Patricia M. Bedient: Maybe before you go there, Dan, in terms of the EBITDA quarter-over-quarter, fourth quarter last year to this year, the other thing that impacts that, George, I think you referenced that the average closing price itself. And you can see that delineated somewhat on Chart 10 that's in the packet. You can see the average closing price at the end of last year's fourth quarter was almost $400,000, this year it's $372,000. Right below that graph, you can see the average sale price, which came down through the end of last year and the beginning of this year, but now it's trending back up again. So it's a combination of those 2.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Patty, that's mix. So I mean, would you say that all your markets are seeing increases in selling prices even if the mix itself has changed the average price that you're reporting?
Patricia M. Bedient: We are seeing some. It's not a huge significant amount. We certainly will look forward to seeing more as housing recovery is greater, but...
Daniel S. Fulton: We did see a pickup in the quarter in September. So if we look at our -- September numbers are different than the quarterly numbers, but the September numbers, prices were up, I think, in every single one of our markets. Question on the SAP outage in Japan, that did lead to some activity with some of our customers who are trying to replace the amount of production. I think that plant produces about 20% of that product worldwide. And so our key customers contacted us, and we've been taking some of their needs in order to fill the gap that they'll experience with that outage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, with the housing momentum gaining the -- with the housing momentum improving, especially with the housing starts number that we saw a couple of weeks ago, which I think was a lot better than people's expectations, as you look at your Wood Products manufacturing footprint, is there any capacity that right now isn't running that you think you will be bringing back into 2013?
Daniel S. Fulton: We're operating all of our lumber manufacturing facilities today. We're operating all of our OSB facilities. They have -- they are not running 100%. So they have some capacity potential. In our engineered wood products facility, we still have some mothballed facilities. The operating rate in our engineered manufacturing operations is lower than it is with OSB and lumber, and so we have the ability to ramp up production in order to meet demand in the near-term. And we have no announcements at this point nor we have made any decisions about when to bring back shutter capacity.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, understand that. And then as you're going to go through your budgeting process for next year, would you be able to share what housing starts number or a relevant range for housing starts number that you would expect PTUs [ph] as you think about budgeting within the Wood Products business next year?
Daniel S. Fulton: We will share that on our next call at the beginning of the year. So we're tracking a number of outside forecast. The ranges today for 2013 from third-party forecasters that we track range from about $900,000 up to as high as $1.2 million. We'll have a better handle on that at year end and then we will share with you what we are using for planning purposes and that will help you calibrate perhaps what we're expecting to be delivering in our Wood Products business, our Timber business and homebuilding.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about Southern sawlog markets. So we've seen a reasonable pickup in housing activity, wood product prices are up, but it doesn't seem like there's much traction in terms of log prices. I'm just wondering, what do you think is holding that back and what it will take to start to see a pickup in turn there?
Daniel S. Fulton: I think it will be consistent, steady demand. And we would expect some pickup in response to increased activity. It continues to be a regional market, Gail, as you know, and so it starts pickup generally. There's opportunities in the marketplace to manufacture more in certainly our Wood Products facilities as well as third parties. And I just think it's going to be continued uptick in demand that will tension the market then you should start to see some movement.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of homebuilding activity, when you look at kind of the sales activity that you're seeing, is the mix of business what you would expect to be normal, aside from the affordable housing issues that you're having in the fourth quarter? But I mean, are you seeing kind of the new homebuyers versus the mix you'd expect of new homebuyers versus move-up buyers, et cetera, that you would be expect in kind of a more normal housing market?
Daniel S. Fulton: We are. I mean, we sell to a broad range of customers. The activity that I talked about this morning in the Inland Empire has been reassuring for us because that market has been very slow, and so we've seen a steady increase in activity, and I think we found a sweet spot in terms of price and product for that market. So that's a first-time buyer product. In some of our other markets, we've seen move-up activity being stronger. Las Vegas is a market where we've had some real success in move-up housing. So I would say it varies by market. We're not seeing any noticeable long-term shifts in demand in terms of the kinds of homes and the kinds of features. We're all focused on affordability, and we're focused on getting homebuyers confident again to go back into the marketplace. And so we're starting to see that activity and each of our local markets are responding with new product that meets the needs of today's buyer. Not seeing any significant long-term shifts at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Do you have a sense yet as to what your pension expense might be looking if rates, discount rates stay roughly where they are for next year versus this year?
Patricia M. Bedient: Mark, we'll be going through those calculations here shortly. We really haven't finished that work up yet, so I really don't have anything to share at this point, but we will be going through that on our fourth quarter call.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. If I could add one more. Do you -- I know last year, you had a pretty big increase in the amortization of actuarial loss that went up by, I think, about $70 million. Does that stabilize this year or does that also go up again this year?
Patricia M. Bedient: I have not gone through that computation, so I would just be speculating, sorry.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then real quick, so the lumber panels, you mentioned you're operating at kind of 80%, 85%, if I caught you right.
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. The types of housing starts increased, particularly the upper end, that some of the forecasters are talking about, would potentially imply that, quite frankly, you would struggle to meet all the demand and maintain market share. Am I missing something there? And what can you do? Is there flex in your system now where you can meet that higher demand if need be fairly quickly?
Daniel S. Fulton: We have flex in our lumber business because we have the ability to add hours and ultimately, if demand is sustained, to add some shifts. And then there is -- we have continued to make improvements in the productivity in the throughput in the mills that we do have. Our OSB mills have some flex capacity as we ramp up. And what we'll do is focus on serving the markets where we optimize our margin with longer-term relationships and we optimize our strategic advantages. So I would say we're looking forward to the opportunity to challenge ourselves, Mark, with that increased activity.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, especially as we look at our lumber system, Mark, we do have the ability to do some debottlenecking across the system as the demand picks up. So we're looking at the ability to do that first with noncapital solutions and then obviously, to the extent that there are other capital things that would give us some additional capacity that we have in front of us, we'll be looking at doing that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just wondering, I actually missed your discussion of how many lots you had. I think you said 27,000 within WRECO and you had a big position in Nevada, which I missed.
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes, so what we said was that we have control of about 27,000 lots in our primary markets. Those are lots that are intended for our own homebuilding operations, as well as for sale to other builders. Of those lots, roughly 80% are owned and 13% are optioned. And then additionally, we control about 67,000 lots in a large master plan in Nevada. And that is a project that -- where we put the development and construction on hold, depending on improvement in local market conditions. The majority of those lots are held under a long-term option and the value of that particular property is based upon its development rights, and in particular its water rights. When you look at our lot position, we have always sold some portion to third-party builders. And what that gives us is a tremendous amount of optionality because we can choose to shift the mix between what we build and what we sell. So in general, about 25% of the lots that we control have been targeted for sale to the third parties, but we do had the ability to shift that mix depending upon opportunities in the marketplace. The length of our lot type line varies by market based upon local entitlement conditions. So we have a much longer position in a place like California where entitlements are very difficult, and a short position, in a market like Houston, which has no zoning and one can go through the process relatively quickly. And in some markets, we are developing the majority of our own lots and others. We continue to purchase lots from third-party land developers.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So the 27,000, are those basically shovel-ready? And how would that compare to your target inventory in a normal housing environment?
Daniel S. Fulton: They are not all shovel-ready, but they are -- we control them and we have some level of entitlements. And what we do is we manage the development of these properties so that we're not investing in a lot of infrastructure earlier than we need to. So we're comfortable with the position that we've got. As the market picks up, we will continue to perhaps move the location of the lots around and the investment in lots, but that's an ongoing process based upon local demand and local opportunities.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Could you just remind me the time lag between when a home is sold and closed?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, that varies. So in some cases, we have finished homes. Houston is a market, for example, where we historically have built homes on a speculative basis because there is a large group of buyers in Houston that are relocating there, primarily in the energy business. And when they come to town, they need to buy a house. And so that house needs to be ready to move in, in probably a couple of months. If it's a completed home and if we sign a contract, in today's market, it's likely 60 days to go through that processing for a mortgage. And then the other extreme would be a pre-sale, which we do in most of our markets where we have a model complex, a buyer comes in, they sign a contract and then we build the house and the construction timeframe can run from, say 90 days to 6 months, depending upon the complexity of the house and the finish and ultimate price range and then you'd add the closing timeframe to that. So if it's a pre-sale, the homebuyer's going through the mortgage qualification process while the home is being built.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Again, sorry to beat the homebuilding issue to death, but just one quick question there. Can you tell us what your community count is on the WRECO side and how that's changed over this year and also on that, where you envision that going, I guess, in 2013?
Daniel S. Fulton: The community count for WRECO is down just a bit this year. And so what is happening in the homebuilding business at all times is you're continuing to open new communities, you're closing out new communities. Total community count today for us is 66 and we would expect that to be increasing next year. One of the things that we have focused on, especially over the last 2- to 3-year period is the sales per community. So we have focused on increasing the effectiveness and the productivity of every one of our communities to the point that today I think, based upon our data, we've got the highest number of closings per community of any public builder.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And are you seeing credit trends among new homebuyers today or existing homebuyers, are using that going down the credit curve, so to speak, or is it still mostly in people with very high FICO scores, people that could get mortgages much easier? Are you starting to see some thawing of credit?
Daniel S. Fulton: Still very high FICO scores. Mortgage qualification process is challenging. We're still waiting for a definition of qualified residential mortgage through the consumer product protection bureau and also coming out of Dodd-Frank. That's an issue that needs to be addressed in the industry. Right now, the initial proposals continue to be for a 20% down payment. I think that's too difficult. And there needs to be some moderation and the pendulum swung very far to tightening credit, and I think that longer term, we need to see some moderation in that process.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 questions on Wood Products. You obviously saw OSB prices jump in the 2012 here and they seem to remain high. How do you see about the -- what do you think about the sustainability of that market? And then also on lumber, although it's come up, we're still below long-term averages. Just your future sort of view on that pricing dynamic as well?
Daniel S. Fulton: I'll take lumber first, Paul. I mean, we take the long view on lumber and look at total projected North American starts, both U.S. and Canada. And we look at the relationship that we have with lumber that has historically come from Canada. We would expect demand to be increasing as the market recovers and we would expect a healthy environment for lumber. I can't project future prices. With respect to OSB, the market has been tight. Most operators are producing at relatively high levels. As I mentioned earlier, when the new starts number came out last week, it was evident that the supply channel was pretty thin. And so I think that's what's been helping OSB prices and we would expect that -- we've got a long way to go in this recovery. As I mentioned, today's levels are still very, very low compared to historic starts numbers and long-term trend numbers, and so we're bullish on the long term. Okay. Well, thank you for all of your questions. We appreciate you joining us this morning on the call. We especially appreciate your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company. If you have further questions following today's call, I encourage you to follow up directly with Kathy McAuley, and I thank you all for joining us this morning.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel S. Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Q2 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. McAuley, you may begin.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As summarized on Chart 1, Weyerhaeuser reported second quarter 2012 net earnings of $84 million or $0.16 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Earnings for the second quarter include after-tax gain of $37 million from special items. These items are detailed in Chart 2, a GAAP reconciliation of earnings before special items. A gain of $33 million or $0.06 per share for postretirement plan amendments, no further gains are anticipated from these benefit changes which were effective June 30; and a gain of $4 million or $0.01 per share for the sale of properties. Excluding special items, the company reported net earnings of $47 million or $0.09 per diluted share. To provide a better understanding of business operating results, during the second quarter, we began reporting the elimination of intersegment profit on inventory and the LIFO reserve as part of unallocated items. Previously, these amounts were reported in the business segments. For consistency, segment contributions to pretax earnings for first quarter 2012 as well as prior periods have been adjusted to reclassify these amounts as part of unallocated items. These adjustments are detailed on Chart 14. There is no change to Weyerhaeuser's consolidated net earnings for first quarter 2012 or prior years. Next, turning to our business segments. My comments reviewing the second quarter of 2012 refer to changes from the first quarter of 2012 for all segments, beginning with Timberlands, Charts 3 and 4. Timberlands contributed $77 million to pretax earnings, $7 million more than in Q1. Fee harvest volume seasonally increased in the West and South. In the West, log prices declined nearly $5 per cubic meter as the domestic -- as domestic volumes comprised a higher proportion of sales. Domestic log demand was strong. Third-party volumes increased 19% and domestic log prices rose 2%. Japanese log volumes increased. Japanese log prices were slightly lower. The log export mix shifted towards China where volumes were higher and price is lower. Southern sales volumes increased and log prices rose 2%. Logging costs were higher in the West due to more cable logging on steep terrain, and silviculture costs were lower in the South. Wood Products, Charts 5 and 6. Wood Products contributed $36 million to pretax earnings, $49 million more than in Q1. The second quarter included a pretax gain of $6 million on a property sale. Lumber price realizations increased $39 per thousand board feet or 13%. Lumber volumes also increased 13%. OSB price realizations rose $17 per thousand square feet or 9%. OSB volumes were 14% higher in Q2. Engineered wood products declined 6% for TJIs and 2% for solid sections. TJI volumes rose 25% from very low level, and solid section increased 9% also from a low level. Log costs slightly increased from Q1, and other manufacturing costs were flat. Cellulose Fibers, Charts 7 and 8. The pretax contribution from Cellulose Fibers was $36 million, $12 million less than in Q1. Average pulp price realizations were flat in the quarter due to mix. There were 27 days of maintenance downtime in Q2. Manufacturing issues and the timing of shipments reduced pulp sales volumes 5%. Downtime increased costs and reduced productivity. Real Estate, Charts 9 and 10. The pretax contribution to earnings from Real Estate before special items was $15 million, $23 million more than in Q1. Single-family home closings seasonally increased 46% to 508 homes in Q2 from 349 homes in Q1. Home closings increased 11% from the same quarter last year. Gross margins increased to nearly 20% in Q2 from 17% in Q1. The average home closing price was $374,000, nearly flat with Q1. The closing price declined 4% from the same quarter last year due to mix. Unallocated items, Chart 11. The foreign exchange loss was $8 million in Q2 due to a weaker Canadian dollar. This was a $14 million swing from Q1. As discussed earlier, the elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO, formerly reported at the segment level, is now recorded in unallocated items. Now I will turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. On this call, I will provide you with a perspective of our quarterly results. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance during the quarter. All of our businesses were profitable. Importantly, business improvement initiatives within our Wood Products segment are yielding clear results above and beyond those realized from an improving housing market. Our aggressive actions to improve performance are beginning to show the strength of our businesses and to position us to capture the full benefit of the market recovery as it unfolds. Our work is not yet done, and we will continue to focus on improving our performance to capture the full value of our businesses. As you know, U.S. housing is very important to us as it affects 3 of our 4 businesses: Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate, which I'll be referring to as WRECO. Since the beginning of the fourth quarter last year, we've been experiencing a gradual improvement in the housing market that extended through the spring selling season this year and is continuing into the third quarter. Last quarter, we reported a 30% increase in our WRECO sales year-over-year. Our momentum continued to build through the second quarter, and at the end of the quarter, year-to-date WRECO sales are up 38%. During our first quarter call, I noted that we had not yet seen a significant effect on our Wood Products sales due to the time lag between new home sales and starts. Now it's clear that sales by WRECO and other builders earlier in the year, together with improved sales activity in the second quarter, are resulting in increased starts across the country, boosting demand for Wood Products. Improved demand for Wood Products is in turn increasing domestic demand for logs from our Timberlands. Housing construction is on a path to return to long-term trend levels necessary to meet the needs of a growing population and household formation, although we're well aware that the recovery is still somewhat fragile. Now I'll comment on the performance in each of our businesses in the second quarter. In Timberlands, our earnings improved 10% over the prior quarter. Harvest levels were up 5% overall, somewhat more in the West than the South. Third-party sales volumes increased for both domestic and export customers. Third-party domestic sales volume increased 16% as a result of increased demand related to housing activity as well as seasonal pickup in the West. Export volume grew a healthy 6% during the quarter, with a shift in mix among our 3 primary markets: Japan, China and Korea. Japan continues to be by far our largest and most stable Asian market, representing over 75% of our export volume during the quarter. Log sales volume to Japan increased 5% to meet demand driven by increased Japanese housing starts. Log shipments to China had slowed in the latter part of 2011 and early 2012 after significant increases in 2010 and early 2011. We were not expecting much recovery from China until the latter part of this year, but we were able to capture better-than-expected demand during the quarter, leading to a 44% increase quarter-over-quarter. Though a much smaller percentage of our export activity, this increase in volume to China helped to raise total export volume and offset a decline in Korea shipments. In Wood Products, we had a strong quarter as a result of improved market conditions and our improvement initiatives. This was our best quarter since 2006 point 2. EBITDA was $63 million for the quarter, up $80 million compared to last year. Sales volumes for all products increased quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Production rates increased across all product lines in response to increased demand, allowing us to capture production efficiencies. The good news for our Wood Products business is that there was a spring this year, as buyers returned to the housing market and builders followed through by increasing housing starts. Our improvement during the quarter was of course helped by increased housing activity, but we're also seeing the payoff of improvement initiatives across our business. These initiatives have resulted in increased revenue from new products and new markets and reductions in cost to production and operations. Year-to-date, earnings in this segment have improved $103 million from last year, more than half of which is attributable to our business improvement efforts. While we still have more work ahead of us to improve our competitiveness, we've made great progress and we're better positioned than ever to profit from improving market conditions that will come with the housing recovery. Shifting to WRECO. We had a solid quarter, with earnings from land sales and single-family operations. Though our overall community count is down slightly from 1 year ago, year-to-date closings are up 4% and sales are up 38%. Our backlog is up 53%, which will lead to a continuing increase in closings in the third and fourth quarters. Further signs of market stabilization are a 39% decline in our unsold inventory from 1 year ago and a firming of house home prices across most of our markets. Prices for new sales in June were 5% higher than 1 year ago. I know that you like to have a bit of color on what's happening in our markets, so here are some highlights of our sales activity during the first half of the year. Southern California, Las Vegas and Arizona were some of the markets hardest hit during the housing recession, and each are beginning to rebound. Our sales have more than doubled in Arizona. In Las Vegas, our sales are up over 60%, and in Southern California, sales are up nearly 20%. In the Seattle area, sales are up over 40%. Houston has been a steady market for us throughout the housing recession, and sales there are up nearly 20%. And in the Maryland and Virginia suburbs of Washington D.C., sales are up over 20% and we're underway with our first project in nearby Richmond, Virginia. Based on our own WRECO experience, our message is that the housing market conditions continue to improve as fundamentals stabilize and confidence begins to build. My final business comments relate to our Cellulose Fibers business. Demand for our Cellulose Fibers products held steady during the quarter. Planned maintenance and some unanticipated operational issues, which are now resolved, led to lower production levels during the quarter. With the exception of these onetime operational issues in this quarter, this business has been operating extraordinarily well. We continue to make progress during our planned shutdowns to make changes that will allow us to transition to an 18-month maintenance cycle. During the quarter, we received regulatory approval at our Longview mill to move to an 18-month cycle. And now I'll turn the call over to Patty to discuss third quarter outlook, as well as our financial highlights.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody. We anticipate continued improvement in our overall operating results in the third quarter as compared to the second. The comments regarding the outlook for the third quarter are summarized on Chart 12, and I'll begin my remarks with Timberlands. In the West, export realizations are expected to be slightly lower. Export prices and volumes to China are expected to increase, which will result in a heavier mix to China, which lowers the overall export realization. Log exports to Japan remain strong but continued to be affected by the weak euro, which underpins the competition from European laminated lumber. Western domestic log prices are anticipated to weaken in the third quarter compared to the second, as more seasonal volume is marketed by smaller private landowners. Costs for road maintenance are expected to be seasonally higher but will be partially offset by lower fuel costs. In the South, realizations for logs are likely to be somewhat lower with a heavier mix to pulpwood. Fee harvest volume should increase seasonally, although the increased income will be offset by higher silviculture spending. Minerals revenue will be slightly higher. Nonstrategic land sales are expected to increase. Overall, third quarter Timberlands income is expected to be comparable to the second quarter results. In our Wood Products segment, we expect third quarter sales volumes to be flat to slightly down compared to the second quarter. Sales realizations may soften seasonally, especially for lumber, although overall channel inventories remain thinly stocked. Log costs are projected to increase in Canada, be flat in the South and lower in the West. We expect the Wood Products segment to be solidly profitable in the third quarter, although earnings may not be as strong as second quarter results. As Dan mentioned, our business improvement initiatives have resulted in much stronger performance. We continue to focus on driving improvements in our operating results in addition to taking advantage of the market recovery. In Cellulose Fibers, pulp prices are expected to experience downward pressure as the weak euro and the uncertain international economic environment persists. We expect pulp sales volumes to increase, offsetting the effect of weaker prices. Pulp production is forecasted to increase, as there is only one maintenance outage in Q3 versus 2 in the second quarter, and reliability is expected to improve. As a result, maintenance cost is also expected to be lower. Costs for chemicals, energy and fiber are all expected to decrease, although freight is expected to increase slightly. Overall results in our Cellulose Fibers segment should be substantially higher in the third quarter compared to the second. In our Real Estate segment, single-family home closings are expected to improve by over 25% from 508 in the second quarter to approximately 640 closings. The higher closings reflect seasonal increases as well as the stronger home sales from earlier in the year, which are now making their way into home closings. Average prices are expected to decline slightly due to mix, while gross margins are expected to approximate 20%. Selling costs will likely increase due to higher closing volume. Earnings from single-family operations are anticipated to increase in the third quarter as compared to the second. Earnings in the second quarter included $12 million from land and lot sales. It's possible that the third quarter could also include some land sales, but the amount and timing is difficult to forecast. Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. We ended the quarter with cash of $861 million, an increase of $133 million since the end of the first quarter. Capital expenditures in the second quarter totaled $75 million. This brings the total for the first 6 months of this year to $139 million including reforestation. Major capital projects include a pulp converting facility in Poland, replacing of operators at our pulp mill in Grand Prairie, Alberta, Canada and a fiber line upgrade at our Columbus, Mississippi pulp mill. We still expect total capital expenditures for the year to approximate $290 million. During the third quarter, we expect to spend approximately $180 million for debt maturities and approximately $110 million for interest, which includes semiannual payments. As can be seen from Chart 13, our debt maturities for the next 5 years total approximately $600 million, well below our current cash balance. In addition, we have a $1 billion line of credit with no borrowings outstanding. In summary, we have very strong liquidity, improved operating performance and a strengthening housing market, all of which should enhance future cash flows. With that, I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. The housing recovery looks and feels real. We've continued to make improvements across all of our businesses, and I'm encouraged, but not satisfied, by the progress we've made. We're focusing on what we can control, improving our operating performance and our relative competitiveness. We're well positioned to take full advantage of the long-term economic recovery that lies in front of us. And now we welcome your questions and your comments. Kathy?
Kathryn F. McAuley: Nicole, will you please open the floor for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions, and one maybe a little more strategic. Was there -- can you quantify any landfill and mineral income that you saw in the second quarter in Timberlands?
Daniel S. Fulton: With respect to minerals income, minerals income were roughly flat quarter-over-quarter, Gail. What we saw was a decline in income from our gas properties and some of our hard mineral properties, offset by increases in revenues from oil shale activity in the Tuscaloosa basin, where we have property. With respect to dispositions, dispositions were, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, relatively flat.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just strategically thinking about it, last year, I know you talked about seeing a material change in your homebuilding business with the talk around the fiscal debt dealings debate. And I'm just wondering, is your sense this year with the fiscal close to be kind of looming that the market would be more resilient as that rhetoric kind of ramps up? Or do you have any fear or worries from the trends that you're seeing that we could repeat what happened last year?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, last year, we did see a setback in market confidence surrounding the debate about raising the debt limit, and it had a real impact on consumer confidence and housing sales. This year, there has been a lot of discussion. Just I think last week, Fed Chairman Bernanke was in front of Congress talking about those very same issues. At year end, we have an expiration of the Bush era tax cuts. We have the congressionally imposed sequestration process that will take over at the beginning of the year if nothing is done, and then we have a longer-term challenge around fiscal policies. So we are concerned, and that was fundamentally the message that Bernanke had to Congress. We risk an upset in the economy if we're not able to deal with those issues. The good news for us this year is that the housing market seems to be shaking off. That concern at this point in time, given the numbers that we reported this morning and the year-over-year activity, we're encouraged, but I think we still have confidence issues to deal with among homebuyers and in the general public because it not only affects home sales, it affects retail sales and overall employment.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just maybe one last one on China. I'm surprised to hear that you're kind of ramping up your volumes given what we've heard from some others. Someone suggested yesterday that perhaps inventories were starting to build up in China again. Can you just give a little bit of color there?
Daniel S. Fulton: Our experience has been that inventories were building late last year and early this year, which is when we saw the significant falloff in volume as well as some pullback in price. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we had been assuming that we would see a pickup come back in the latter part of the year. And in fact, we're encouraged to see the opportunity to increase our export activity more towards the end of the second quarter. So we've been developing strong relationships in China. The customers appreciate the quality of the logs that we're shipping and the dependability of our entire logistical chain. And we expect that, that activity will increase over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions on Timberlands. The first is Southern sawlog prices have obviously been depressed for a number of years. And with the strength that we've seen in lumber and housing starts picking up, are you seeing any of that strength kind of flow back to the stump? And what is that kind of lag that you would expect between strength in lumber and strength in sawlogs?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, it ultimately does flow back. In the South in particular, we are more dependent on domestic demand as compared to our position in the West where we have export markets. We have had some recovery in pricing. As Patty mentioned in her remarks, as we go forward to the third quarter, we see average realization declined. But that is more of a mix issue as we expect to be selling more pulpwood. In general, in the South, you want to look at U.S. housing recovery and that's what's going to translate into timber values.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then in the West, you referenced lower expected export log realizations in 3Q. And is that purely a mix issue as well? Or apples-to-apples, are you seeing some deterioration of export prices into July?
Patricia M. Bedient: Really, Anthony, that's more of a mix issue. So we'll have more volume as a percentage going into China. Our Japan volumes continue to be very strong. Japan has an uptick in their housing starts this year based upon the very low mortgage rates that they have, but also some concern about consumption tax increases a couple of years out. So as well as rebuilding from the tsunami, which we haven't seen a lot of yet but appears to maybe starting to make its way in. So it really is more from a realization perspective the fact that there is more mixed going into China on a relative basis. But all of those volumes are still pretty strong.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just one last quick one. In engineered wood that you saw volumes rising sequentially but it really looks like prices kind of fell a little bit sequentially. And I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in solid section in TJIs, and if you're seeing any kind of pickup in that business.
Daniel S. Fulton: We have seen a pickup in volume as housing starts begin to recover. As we've explained in the past, our engineered wood relies more heavily on new construction as compared to our OSB business and our lumber business, which has a much broader mix of markets. And so the volume pickup is, we would believe, is related to the early stages of housing recovery. With respect to price, there is still -- there are lower operating rates in that industry than in lumber and OSB to competitive marketplace. And we are seeing some signs of some pickup in pricing as we move into the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just want to maybe pick up on Anthony's question. In terms of operating rates within your other wood products business, could you comment at all in terms of where you stand? And are there any areas that are still troubling to you, x EWP, which you already covered?
Daniel S. Fulton: During the second quarter, our operating rates for lumber business were in the high 80% range, up quarter-over-quarter from the first quarter. Our OSB business is operating in roughly the low 80s, George. Engineered wood business, overall, still less than 50% if we include a couple of facilities, which have been indefinitely curtailed. As we look at the operations that we are manufacturing in today, we'd be in the 50% range. So we've got a lot of room to flex up. I'm not concerned about our ability to respond to increased demand because we do have the ability to, especially in lumber, add some shifts. And we've been pleased with the uptick in productivity.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dan, I'm not sure that we would be able to actually model it, but just to understand, if we continue to see progress in, obviously, the housing markets and therefore the product markets for you, holding price constant, should we see the same level of incremental profitability with that improvement in volume and utilization rates in wood and OSB? Or in theory, might you see actually an incrementally higher rate of profit dollars as demand comes in? And why or why not?
Daniel S. Fulton: We have a lot of cost inputs, George. And so it is a function of not just log costs but also energy costs, chemicals. But as we increase volume, we do enjoy operating efficiencies. And so we fundamentally have covered fixed costs. We need to cover variable but there should be a corresponding uptick in margin, assuming that input costs are held constant.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So what I'm hearing from you is basically, holding those constants, your incrementals will stay basically at the same rate as long as volume keeps moving up. I guess the last couple questions I had for you, one, why are you seeing a mix towards pulpwood in the South since we're seeing an improvement in housing since hopefully that would be driving higher sawlog prices -- or demand, I should say? And then to cellulose fibers, would it be possible to parse out what the, if you will, exceptional factors were in the second quarter that hopefully don't recur in the third quarter, what the profit dollars associated with that -- those items were?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, George. I'll take those. I think from the standpoint of a little more mix of pulpwood in the South, we have our spending that goes on as well. So I don't think there's any type of big change driven by pricing in those 2. But more of just the silviculture regime of a little more thinning volume. In terms of pulp, to help you a little bit of getting from the first quarter to the second quarter, or from the second quarter to the third, as I said in my remarks, we have just one outage in the third quarter compared to 2. And we had about 27 days of downtime in the second quarter. So let's just say we have half of that, so about $14 million. And as I've said in the past, maintenance expense runs, for just the maintenance costs itself, about $1 million a day. So we should have $14 million less in just maintenance cost. And in the second quarter, we also finished up a couple of things from the first quarter shut. So maybe maintenance cost itself is around $14 million, $15 million less quarter-over-quarter. Then we also have the increased productivity as a result of producing more pulp, which is similar in amount. And then as I mentioned in my remarks, we'll also have a little lower chemical and fiber costs. So all in all, I would expect that profits in the third quarter should be roughly twice what they were in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Two things. Patty, you didn't sound as optimistic about land sales next quarter as I might have expected. Are you seeing a meaningful pickup in conversations with builders who are short of land as we talked about a year ago? And I'm just curious how that opportunity looks to you now versus a year ago.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Mark. We do continue to have land sales that we do market. It really was more a function of not optimism about it, but the ability to really tell you what the amount and timing of those will be. So we are still in the market with -- as you know, we have a longer pipeline than most of the other builders. So it wasn't a comment about optimism. It was really more a comment about the forecast of timing and the amount of those.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one more question. Just on fluff pulp, are you still selling primarily to the same customers? I'm trying to get a sense of whether the new capacity that's coming is just lowering prices or whether there's also a customer reshuffle going on as well that's going to impact you.
Daniel S. Fulton: Mark, we've not had any significant change in the customers. In fact, the customers that we work with rely on us. They need our product and we're part of their growth plans, not just in the U.S. but also in the global market. So we have not experienced any significant shift in customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: First question is for Patty. Are there going to be any changes that you anticipate next year? And maybe you can give us some magnitude in your pension funding based on the highway bill provision.
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Chip. As you referenced, Congress did pass an amendment along with the highway bill in June, which basically changed the way that the discount rate was computed for purposes of determining minimum pension contribution funding. So we had disclosed that we would have about a $60 million contribution due no later than the middle of September 2013 for our U.S. qualified plan. And based upon the legislation, we don't believe that, that contribution will be needed.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And then on a separate note, I'm having a little trouble, maybe I just missed something that's different about you guys, but I'm having trouble seeing the doubling of income in pulp. All the numbers you gave add up, but we left out price. And we've been seeing an unusual situation where softwood has been, if you will, softer than hardwood prices. And so I didn't know how that came into the mix.
Daniel S. Fulton: Chip, what we've got going from the second quarter to third quarter is, as Patty mentioned, lower maintenance, more up-time because we don't have the same number of scheduled maintenance shutdowns. We also encountered, as we noted, some operational issues during the second quarter that impacted our volume by about 5%. Those were onetime issues. They've been resolved. And so as we look forward into the -- going from second to third quarter, we recover that 5% volume, plus we add volume that we lost during the second quarter related to our annual shutdowns.
Patricia M. Bedient: We also had a little more in-transit inventory at the end of the second quarter for pulp on the water that didn't close out in the second quarter that will come into the third. So weaker pricing basically just gets offset by the increased volume in terms of that's why you don't see that adding up in the numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So first of all, on Wood Products, clearly a very solid quarter there. But just looking at your price realizations, if my numbers are right, I think you sold lumber for $58 more per thousand board feet relative to last quarter, would imply that just from the lumber pricing, you should have seen that type of pickup in the EBIT. And is there anything going on, on the cost line in that Wood Products business that held back the pricing leverage that, I think, you should have seen in the second quarter?
Daniel S. Fulton: No, there's nothing significant there. We had a slight uptick in log costs during the quarter but not significant. Manufacturing costs quarter-over-quarter were about the same. So the increase that comes through in Wood Products generally is a combination of all of our products.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is any of the log costs linked to the lumber price in the Wood Products business?
Daniel S. Fulton: No. We don't have a tie-in arrangement or indexing. The logs that are purchased by our Wood Products business are purchased at market prices from internal sources or external sources. And so there is no indexing. Some of our competitors have started to move to that. We are not doing it.
Patricia M. Bedient: Alex, as you think about the leverage, we did see significant leverage in the lumber business as well as the OSB business. So in terms of getting those numbers through in the second quarter, those certainly came through. We did not see the same kind of improvement in engineered wood and our distribution business. So that's probably the piece that you're missing.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, Patty. And then just on the commentary around seasonally lower profitability certainly makes a lot of sense in the context of lumber prices always seasonally softening in the third and through the fourth quarter. But if we were to hold the lumber price constant where it is today, how should we be thinking about the profitability level in Wood Products in the third quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient: I would say that if prices stay constant that you would see because volumes, we're saying, are flat to maybe slightly down a little bit. We took a little bit of downtime in the southern lumber system Fourth of July holiday. But I would say that results will be similar to the second quarter. And we hope that's the case, Alex.
Alex Ovshey Ovshey - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, same here. And just on WRECO, a number of the home builders have been taking reversal to tax valuation allowance, so that had been established through the very deep recession in housing. Can you just remind us how much of the book value in real estate was written down through the downturn and whether there's an opportunity for you to be able to do that as well?
Daniel S. Fulton: We do not have the same situation as the public home builders because that fundamentally is their only business. And we file a consolidated return, and so we didn't have the same tax effect that they would have had.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First question I had, it looked like there was about $100 million worth of land in lot sales in the second quarter. Is it possible to get some sense of where and why on that?
Daniel S. Fulton: The land and lot sales during the quarter were primarily related -- this is a WRECO question, I assume.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, it is. Yes, yes, yes.
Daniel S. Fulton: So that was the sale of Cross Creek Ranch, which we actually talked on the last call, but the closing took place in the second quarter. So that was a master plan community that we had developed in Houston. We sold that property, and so that's what was going through the WRECO books. We booked income on that. As part of that transaction, what we did is we actually -- the benefit of that was not only bringing cash back to our balance sheet so that we can redeploy it elsewhere, but we capitalized on the value that we had created and also established a relationship with the buyer where we have the opportunity to buy lots from that same buyer, not just in Cross Creek in the future but also other properties.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. That's helpful. Second question, Patty, the tax rate in the quarter was a little bit higher than we would have expected, especially if you back out the Timberland earnings. Can you give us a little more color on that?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. As you really think about the tax rate, Mark, probably the easiest way to get there is, at the way that we compute the rate is, as you mentioned, on our REIT Timberland earnings we won't pay any tax. And so we look at the tax rate for our TRS earnings, in this case year-to-date it's a TRS loss. So if you take our year-to-date earnings, which are on Chart 1 of the package, so you have -- and exclude the special items, you've got about pretax earnings of about $200 million and back out the interest expense, which is around $170 million. So you end up then with a TRS loss of $115 million, give or take. And then if you back out all the tax on the special items, and those are also delineated separately for you on Chart 2, you'll get to a tax rate for the quarter on that -- or year-to-date on that computation of a little over 20%. And our year-to-date effective rate -- or effective rate for the TRS for 2012 is just under 23%. So that'll get you pretty close in the ballpark. So I don't know how you did your computation but those would, if you take that, back out the Timberland earnings, back out the special items and the tax effect of the special items, you'll get to just almost that 20%.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then the one other question. Dan, I noticed on the announcement around the forest capital sale a couple of weeks ago, that they specifically pulled out about 0.25 million acres of gas and oil rights down in Louisiana. And I know that you've got, I think, over 1 million acres in Louisiana, as well as about 600,000 or 700,000 up at Arkansas and some more over in Texas. Have you guys looked carefully at what you think the potential value of mineral rights across the South is? Because I think all of your land pretty much has mineral rights.
Daniel S. Fulton: All of our land -- I mean, I can't say 100% we have mineral rights on every single acre of property. But in fact, we have mineral rights on more property than we own across [indiscernible].
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's what I thought.
Daniel S. Fulton: So we have roughly 7 million acres of mineral rights as compared to roughly 6 million of Timberland. We do have properties in the South, in the areas that you've discussed. Some of our properties are in the Haynesville Shale area, which we have talked about in the past and where we have active leasing activity and drilling activity. And what we do, just to remind everybody on the call, is generally we'll enter into operating leases with exploration companies. They spend the capital to develop the resource, and then we have a royalty interest that we receive over time. So our income stream is a combination of front-end leases and royalties. We also have land in the Tuscaloosa oil basin, which is subject to a lot higher level of interest right now, because oil is more attractive to the industry than shale gas. But we manage those properties aggressively. We are actively monetizing those properties. We have had a historic practice of not selling those rights but rather retaining them and monetizing them with annual steady income, which we happen to favor. I cannot put a value on all of our mineral rights, and I specifically can't give you a number for what our properties would be worth in that region other than to say that we've got active leases, we've got active exploration going on, and it becomes a fairly steady part of our Timberlands' P&L.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And are you -- how satisfied are you that you're really kind of -- you're maximizing value right now, I guess? Or is it -- how far along are you in the process of you think of really understanding exactly how much value you've got and then extracting it?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, we know what we have. One of the things that has emerged over the last 5-plus years is the development of new technology. So frac-ing. That opened up the shale gas opportunity, not just for us but really for the entire United States. And then we're seeing that same technology used in the oil shale basin. So what we do is we enter into highly -- leases with highly qualified operators. They develop the resource. If they are successful, then in fact, we receive those royalties over time. So I'm confident that we know what we've got. I'm really optimistic about the potential future income stream from those properties. And I'm very encouraged about what the development of those resources mean for this country. We are fast becoming energy-independent, and that's a good thing for us generally as a country. And we'll also -- we're already starting to see the impact on some on-shoring of jobs because of low energy prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: One quick technical and then one bigger strategy. On the unallocated, since you changed the accounting, should we still be using a $20 million to $25 million, or does that actually go up a little bit?
Patricia M. Bedient: Over the course of the year, Mark, it will basically pretty much wash out. It will maybe be a little bit higher this year as we build inventories. A lot of that reduction comes from -- when we sell from one segment to the next, we sell at market price. But for anything that's less than inventory, we have to back out that intercompany profit. So the reason that we brought it into the unallocated segment was really to give you a better view of what the stand-alone business results were by segment. So as you think about our Wood Products business, for example, in the first quarter where we're building inventory, they would be unduly penalized and then they would get that back when they sold that inventory later in the year. So to take that noise out of the system, that's really why we pulled it out of the segments and put it into unallocated, so you could track it very easily from one to the next. But I would expect that as the year progresses, that will likely stay at a pretty low level, and then you'll see another piece come back in the first quarter of 2013, similar to the larger amount that you saw in the first quarter of this year. The other thing, Mark, that really jumps around in that segment, you can see it there as well is the foreign exchange. So the unallocated number really increased over what our guidance typically would have been because of the change in the currency, Canadian dollar. So that was a $14 million negative swing quarter-over-quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And then on the dividend, you've articulated how, over the course of time, you expect to pay out roughly 75%, et cetera. And now things are getting better. Are you likely to view where the dividend should be on a looking kind of a trailing of what you have achieved, or is it more an outlook of where things seem to be going? Because obviously we're at a point where, hopefully, things are getting better. And are you going to likely be proactive on the dividend or more reactive?
Daniel S. Fulton: Mark, I don't want to get ahead of our board on this one. You articulated our policy very well. So we set the dividend at a target range of 75% of our funds available for distribution over the cycle. We are focused, as we set the dividend, not on looking back but looking forward. And so what we are looking at as we review the dividend level is our future earnings potential, our view of market conditions. We take into consideration the certainty or the level of volatility in forecasts. And those are the areas that the board focuses on as we look forward. So I would say, really quick answer, we're not looking back. We're looking forward. And we are targeting that 75% over the cycle. So we're looking forward to seeing our earnings and cash flow increase, and we're looking forward to the opportunity to increase the dividend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I did have one on engineered wood products. You kind of touched on it. But the fact that prices fell when -- especially for I-beams when the input, the flanges and web stock were rising, just is troublesome. So is it just too much production, or is there anything else?
Daniel S. Fulton: I would simply observe that it's market pricing by a range of competitors. And I can't comment beyond that. As I said, we are starting to see some increase as we move into the third quarter. But I've got nothing else to add.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Got it. And then just -- you only have one sawmill left in British Columbia, and I should know this. But is Princeton on the interior? Are you having significant issues with sawdust that's very fine?
Daniel S. Fulton: We are not. We're very -- we've had some significant issues -- the industry has in British Columbia. A lot of speculation about the sawdust, and is that or is that not related to beetle wood. We do not have that problem. Our mills, we believe, are operating safely. They've been inspected closely by all appropriate authorities, and so it has not been an issue for us.
Patricia M. Bedient: And Princeton is in an area, Steve, that is less affected by the mountain pine beetle than most of the other B.C. mills on the [indiscernible].
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Yes. I was kind of interested because of those 2 catastrophic events and wondering whether I guess the province was putting incremental scrutiny, I suppose, on your practices.
Daniel S. Fulton: They've inspected, and we've gotten a good report card.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. On the Timberland side, you mentioned that you'll have some -- I may have missed it before, but some nonstrategic sales in the third quarter. Can you just remind us what the total acreage is that you would still classify there as nonstrategic?
Daniel S. Fulton: It's actually a very small percentage of our acreage, Josh. We include that number, I believe, in our fact book. It's certainly less than 10% overall. And so when we talk about nonstrategic, we identify what's core, what's not. We do not have significant acreage that we would consider to be nonstrategic.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the homebuilding side, it looks like capitalized interest moved up pretty decently this quarter. Is that more directly correlated with the backlog and the home closings? Or is that more reflective of increased community count?
Daniel S. Fulton: I can't answer that question.
Patricia M. Bedient: So Josh, could you ask your question one more time?
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. The capitalized interest on the home -- on WRECO.
Patricia M. Bedient: On the rollout of capitalized interest?
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just the absolute amount of capitalized interest. Is that -- I mean, it went up fairly significantly this quarter. Is that more reflective of additional backlog and closings in the quarter, or does that have to do more with future community count and...
Patricia M. Bedient: I think most of that is a result of the Cross Creek sale. So it was a large sale that took place in the second quarter, so we also had to roll out the capitalized interest with it at the same time. So that's more of an aberration of the size of that sale more than anything else.
Daniel S. Fulton: So Josh, the rollout occurs as we have closings, not as we have sales. And you made the comment about backlog, and just to be clear, it happens as we roll out as we have closings. So over time, as closings go up, you'd see that number move. Well, I would like to thank everyone for your attendance today and for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company. If you have any further questions following today's call, I encourage you to follow-up with Kathy McAuley. And I thank you all for joining us this morning. Have a good summer.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel S. Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Quarter 1 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. McAuley, you may begin.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for the call can be found on our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call.  Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Additional information has been added to the analyst package and web slides. This includes EBITDA and operating margin data as well as business-specific metrics. In the web slide package, the charts and tables have been redesigned. I will note some of the graph changes as we review first quarter results.  Corporate and Other has been renamed Unallocated to more accurately reflect the nature of these items. Chart 13 details unallocated items. We hope these changes help you in your analysis of Weyerhaeuser.  As summarized on Chart 1, this morning, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter 2012 net earnings of $41 million or $0.08 per diluted share on net sales of $1.5 billion. Earnings for the first quarter include aftertax gains of $32 million from special items. A GAAP reconciliation of earnings before special items can be found on Chart 2. This table now details special items on a pretax and an aftertax basis.  The special items for the first quarter are: a gain of $34 million or $0.06 per share for a postretirement plan amendment; a gain of $8 million or $0.02 per share for income tax settlements; and a charge of $10 million or $0.02 per share for restructuring, impairments and other items. Excluding these items, the company reported net earnings of $9 million or $0.02 per diluted share.  Turning to our business segment discussion. My comments reviewing the first quarter of 2012 refer to changes from the fourth quarter of 2011. This will be the same for all segments. Beginning with Timberlands, Charts 3 and 4. The graph on Chart 4 had been redesigned. The West and the South are now on separate charts, each graphing third-party log sales versus realizations. Graph on intersegment log sales, West and South, and fee harvest volume, West and South, have also been excluded. Timberlands contributed $71 million to pretax earnings, $1 million more than in Q4. Income from operations increased $13 million. This increase was primarily due to lower equipment and road maintenance cost in the West. This increase was largely offset by a $12 million reduction in earnings from the disposition of non-strategic Timberland. Western log sale volumes were flat. Third-party sales volumes declined 6%, primarily due to fewer log sales to China. Log exports to Japan, however, have increased. Japan accounted for 78% of log exports in Q1 versus 68% in Q4.  Exports to Korea, a small market, also increased. Price realizations for logs in the West declined less than $1 per 1,000 cubic meters. Price realizations for logs exported to Japan slightly increased. Southern log sales volumes were flat. Third-party sales decreased as internal sales increased due to strong Southern yellow pine lumber demand. The combined fee harvest volumes of the West and South rose 2%.  Wood Products, Charts 5 and 6. Chart 6 has been reorganized into 4 product graphs of price and volume. First quarter operating income improved $39 million from fourth quarter. Sales volumes and price realizations increased across all product lines. Operating rates were higher. Lumber volumes were up 9%, and lumber prices increased 5% or $15 per 1,000 board feet.  Oriented strand board volumes were up 9%. Price realizations rose 14% or $24 per 1,000 square feet. Engineered wood solid section volumes increased 16%. Solid section price realizations were up 3%. Engineered wood TJI volume was 7% higher. TJI prices increased 2%.  Manufacturing costs were lower due to more mill uptime and product throughput. Freight expense increased largely due to higher shipment volumes and an increase in fuel costs.  Cellulose Fibers, Charts 7 and 8. Pulp sales volumes and price realizations are on the same graph on Chart 8. The pretax contribution to earnings from Cellulose Fibers decreased $90 million in Q1 from Q4. Average pulp price realizations declined 9% or $76 per air-dry metric ton. Pulp sales volumes decreased 4%. Q1 had 2 scheduled annual maintenance outages totaling 27 days of downtime. There were no scheduled maintenance outages in Q4. Due to the scheduled downtime, maintenance costs increased significantly, and pulp production volumes were 5% lower.  Real Estate, Charts 9 and 10. Chart 10 contains graphic representations of the metrics formally presented in a table format. The pretax contribution to earnings from Real Estate declined $49 million from fourth quarter. First quarter is seasonally the weakest quarter of the year for single-family home closings. In Q1, single-family home closings declined to 349 from 582 in Q4. Closings were 4% lower than a year-ago first quarter. The average home sales price was $376,000, 6% lower than in Q4 and 10% below the first quarter of 2011.  Gross margins decreased to 17% from 25% in Q4. The gross margin was 22% in Q1 2011. Price and margin declines were attributable to mix. The cancellation rate dropped 10% from -- dropped to 10% from 18% in Q4. The cancellation rate was 12% in the year-ago quarter.  The backlog increased from 429 single-family homes in Q4 to 777 homes. However, the average price of single-family homes in the backlog has decreased to $371,000 due to mix. The backlog at the end of the first quarter last year was 611 single-family homes. It was $1 million in land and lot sales in first quarter. Land and lot sales were $19 million in the fourth quarter.  Other items. Unallocated items for the first quarter include a net pretax gain of $52 million from changes in retiree health care benefits, and changes of $14 million for impairment, restructuring and other items.  Finally, I would like to remind you, on May 10, we will be holding our Annual Analyst Meeting at the Sofitel in New York City. You can register for this event on our homepage at www.weyerhaeuser.com. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. As I begin, I want to start by reflecting on my remarks from our 2011 year-end earnings call. At that time, when we provided our outlook for the first quarter, we highlighted 3 major external forces that we believed could affect our 2012 financial performance: one, the pace of housing recovery; two, weakening log demand from China, offset by continuing strong demand from Japan; and three, softness in pulp prices related to high inventories worldwide and economic uncertainty in global markets. We emphasized that we were focused on improvement across all business segments in areas that we can control. Though cautious about economic conditions, we stated we were prepared to flex up to meet increased demand if markets improve more rapidly.  Let me first provide an update on these 3 external forces. First, housing. During the first quarter, the signs of improvement in the U.S. housing market that began to emerge late last year continued. On our call in early February, I told you that we were basing our 2012 plans on 665,000 total U.S. housing starts, 445,000 single-family plus 210,000 multi-family. We considered this to be a conservative assumption, and I shared that we were planning cautiously given the uncertain economic environment as well as our experience in 2011. I said that once we were further along into the normal spring selling season, we would have a better idea what to expect for the year. So today is a good time for a status report.  As we approach the end of April, we've seen continued improvement in U.S. housing. As a result, we have increased our forecast for U.S. starts by an additional 8% from 665,000 to 720,000. The forecast assumes 500,000 single-family and 220,000 multi-family starts. This would be nearly a 20% increase over 2011 levels.  The increased sales activity experienced by WRECO and other builders during the first quarter does not have a significant effect on first quarter results for our businesses. This is due to the time lag between new orders, permits and then starts. The sales activity does, however, provide some indication of what we can expect for the balance of the year for our Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate segments.  Second, Asian markets. In the fourth quarter, we reported slowing demand from China for logs. We anticipate a continued weakness in Chinese demand in the early part of 2012. However, we expected that the demand from Japan, by far our largest export market, would increase and it did.  Third, we expressed concerns about softening pulp prices. We felt the effect of this softening in the first quarter. Today, softwood pulp index pricing appears to be stabilizing.  Now let me provide some comments about the performance of each of our business segments during the quarter. In Timberlands, harvest volumes were up slightly in both the South and the West, despite some difficult weather conditions in the West. As expected, Chinese demand for logs slowed. Our export volumes shifted to a richer mix of logs to Japan where we have strong long-term presence, offsetting the decline in Chinese demand.  In Wood Products, performance improved compared with last year and sequentially as compared with last quarter. We are seeing results from our ongoing improvement efforts across the entire segment. Sales volumes were up year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Much of our increased volume is coming from new market initiatives. These include sales and new geographies, increased lumber exports and increased repair and remodel sales.  Later this year, we should begin to see increased volume for all product lines tied to the improved spring housing sales I mentioned earlier. Our volume increased resulted in higher operating rates across all product lines, a welcome and much needed improvement. Higher operating rates reduced per unit manufacturing costs and contribute to our improved profitability. Though we're still not where we want to be, the combination of these improvements narrowed our operating loss significantly compared with last quarter.  In WRECO, closings for the first quarter were slightly lower than 1 year ago as a result of a lower backlog as we entered the year. As Kathy reported, margins for the quarter were lower primarily as a result of mix. Mix has affected by margin variability across markets by the relative share of closings from our respective markets and, in some cases, by the relative share of closings from attached and detached product. In the first quarter, we had a higher percentage of closings from lower margin and lower price markets, such as Phoenix, as compared with a higher margin and higher price markets of San Diego and Washington DC. As both a builder and land developer, the sale of land and lots through other builders is an integral part of our long-term strategy. On average, land sales represent about 10% of our revenue, but the timing of land and lot sales can be a bit uneven throughout the year, as Kathy noted in her comparison of land and lot sales in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter.  Earlier this month, we successfully closed the sale of a master-planned community in Houston that Patty will discuss in a her outlook remarks.  The positive news for WRECO and perhaps for the overall market is that our traffic is up, cancellations are down, and sales per community increased by 32%. The result was a 30% increase in first quarter sales over last year. Sales increases during the quarter were the strongest in Arizona, Las Vegas, Puget Sound and Houston, and weakest in Southern California. This increase in sales resulted in an encouraging increase in our backlog, up 27% compared with 1 year ago and up 80% from year end.  In Cellulose Fibers, we expect a significant decline in earnings compared to the fourth quarter as a result of lower prices and expense-related to schedule annual maintenance shutdowns. During the quarter, our mills ran well and came up on time after our scheduled annual shutdowns. The shutdowns were successfully conducted with no recordable safety incidents. Some of the work accomplished during these scheduled shutdowns will help us move towards our goal of increasing the length of time between major shutdowns to 18 months rather than every 12 months. This transition will occur over a several year period.  As we enter the second quarter, worldwide inventory levels have fallen to more normal levels, and prices are increasing. And now, I'll turn the call over to Patty to discuss second quarter outlook as well as provide financial highlights.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks, Dan. And good morning, everybody. We expect improved operating results from each of our business segments in the second quarter as compared to the first. The outlook for the second quarter by business segment is summarized on Chart 11. I'll begin the outlook discussion with Timberlands.  Beginning in the West, export volumes are expected to be flat to the first quarter with realizations softening only slightly. China markets are not anticipated to improve until the second half of this year. And Japan market realizations could be slightly lower in the second quarter due to ongoing competitive pressure from European supply, as a result of a weaker euro compared to the yen. Domestically, in the West, sales, volumes and prices should increase compared to the first quarter, resulting from a slight seasonal pickup in demand. We expect Western fee harvest volumes to increase approximately 5% to 10% compared to the first quarter.  In the South, log realizations are anticipated to be flat, and fee harvest volumes are expected to increase approximately 5% as a result of seasonal demand. We anticipate a seasonal increase in silvicultural costs in both the West and South, and fuel costs are expected to remain high. Overall, we estimate that earnings in the Timberlands segment will be approximately 10% higher in the second quarter compared to the first.  In Wood Products, we expect increased revenue in the second quarter compared to the first. Volumes are anticipated to increase approximately 10%. Average sales realizations in lumber are estimated to be approximately 5% higher. Realizations in our other product lines are mixed but could be somewhat softer in the second quarter compared to the first if the price trends of last year repeat, although OSB realizations thus far in the quarter are stronger than Q1.  Overall log costs are expected to increase slightly during the quarter. Log costs in the West and Canada should be higher but modestly lower in the South. Manufacturing costs are estimated to be lower due to improved operating rates. Freight spending will increase due to higher shipment volumes and increased fuel costs. We expect continuing improvement in our operating results in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. We anticipate approximately breakeven performance for the second quarter. Given these expected results, Wood Products would generate around $30 million of EBITDA. While the performance in this segment is not yet where we expect it to be, breakeven is a significant improvement over the $53 million operating loss we incurred in the second quarter of 2011.  In Cellulose Fibers, average sales realizations for pulp are anticipated to increase modestly in the second quarter compared to the first, due to improving market conditions and tightening supply. Worldwide inventory levels have decreased due to significant shipments to China and spring annual maintenance shut. As of the end of the first quarter, the supply of softwood inventories stood at a low of 29 days.  Maintenance expense is estimated to increase in the second quarter due to some carryover expenses from the 2 mills, which had annual maintenance shut in the first quarter. In addition, we will have similar scheduled maintenance costs for the mills scheduled for their annual shut in the second quarter.  Outages this year are slightly longer than typical in order to complete capital projects focused on cost reduction, and to position the mills to begin the process of transitioning to an 18-month frequency and planned maintenance outages as Dan mentioned. We expect overall earnings on our Cellulose Fibers segment to be approximately 10% higher in the second quarter compared to the first.  Moving onto our Real Estate business. As Dan discussed, we continue to see slowly improving housing demand. Closings in our single-family homebuilding business are expected to improve by over 30% from 349 closings in the first quarter to approximately 460 in the second quarter. This increase reflects a normal seasonal pickup in addition to the slightly improved market. Average prices are estimated to decline approximately 4% due to mix, while gross margins are expected to increase slightly but remain under 20%. Selling expenses will increase with the additional closing volume. Earlier this month, we closed on the sale of a large land parcel in the Houston area, known as Cross Creek Ranch. The sales price for this transaction was $100 million, and it is expected to contribute about $10 million to earnings in the second quarter. Including the earnings from this sale, we expect that our Real Estate segment will generate a slight profit in the second quarter.  Now I'll wrap up with some overall company financial comments. Please turn to Chart 12 for this discussion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of almost $730 million. Cash from operations in the first quarter was negative $60 million. This reflects increased working capital of $148 million in our Forest Products businesses for the typical seasonal working capital build, primarily in our Wood Products and Timberland businesses.  In addition, the first quarter included the cost of scheduled annual maintenance on our sale of Fibers business. The first quarter was also the seasonally weakest quarter of the year for our Real Estate business as compared to the fourth quarter, which is typically our strongest quarter for cash generation.  Capital expenditures for the first quarter were $64 million. We expect spending to increase in the second quarter compared to the first. Major projects with second quarter spending include a pulp-converting facility in Poland, a fiber line upgrade in our pulp mill in Columbus, Mississippi, and an evaporator upgrade at our pulp mill in Grand Prairie, Alberta, Canada. We expect capital spending, including reforestation, to be around $290 million for the full year.  Our near-term debt maturities for the next 5 years are also shown on Chart 12. As you can see, we have total maturities of approximately $610 million, well below our existing cash balance. In addition, we have a 4-year credit facility for $1 billion with no borrowings outstanding. We continue to focus on controlling costs across the company. This includes a relentless effort to lower our SG&A costs. As shown in our income statement, SG&A in the first quarter of last year was $172 million compared to $150 million this year, a reduction of $22 million. This emphasis on cost reduction should result in even greater leverage as we began to experience a housing recovery.  Now I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. In summary, we're encouraged by our performance during the quarter. We continue to focus on improving our financial results with current market conditions. The performance of our Wood Products segment during the quarter is evidence of this progress. The increasing housing demand that we are now experiencing, if sustained, will give us the opportunity to flex up to meet profitable demand in our Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate segments by increasing harvest levels, wood products production and home construction. Continued firming of pulp pricing will position us for improving results from our Cellulose Fibers segment. We remain committed to safely improving our overall performance, and we're well positioned to take full advantage of opportunities that emerge from an improving market. And now we welcome your questions.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Nicole, would you please open the floor for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is around Chart 10 and WRECO. And it's encouraging to -- obviously, the lower cancellation rates, the buyer traffic picking up. The one interesting -- one of the interesting data points here is the price in your backlog, which has been trending lower. And I guess, my question here is how much of this is cyclical from what you see, Dan? Or are there any secular implications that we should take away from the declining price in the backlog that could impede the recover ultimately in WRECO and profitability when we finally see more and more closings and starts?
Daniel S. Fulton: The primary reason for the decline in the price and backlog, George, is answered by mix. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we had mix issues across our various markets. We have higher-priced product, for instance, in San Diego and the Washington DC area, lower-priced product in places like Phoenix. And what we've seen over the last 3 to 6 months that is reflected in our backlog is a recovery in sales in some of those lower-priced markets, ahead of what we're longer term expecting to see coming from, let's say, Southern California. So we had a very significant increase in activity, for instance, in Arizona, not just in the last quarter but really going back probably 6 months. And Arizona generally is a lower-priced market. Those are lower margins. And so that's also impacting our margins. So it is more of a mix issue.  We also had, for instance, in Washington DC, which is a higher-priced market, a period of time where we had a heavier shift to multi-family. So we're in some larger master-planned communities. And for example, in some of those master plans, we have a requirement to build affordable housing as part of the entitlement process, those are lower-priced units. And so that would affect both the margin that you see falling as well as sale price. So it is more a function of where the homes are. And for instance in some markets, we are beginning to be able to pass through price increases. So I think that most of the price decline due to the softness of the market is behind us, and there'll be some choppiness as mix shifts as we come out of this. And we'll try to keep you informed, so that there's no surprises.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. The related question, and I have one last follow-on. Would it be fair to say then, given the ultimate lag in trend and materializing your performance, the recent improvement in pricing that you could see single-family margins more or less close to where they were last year in the back half, should we ultimately get to better than breakeven, better than marginal loss in WRECO in the second half in single-family? And then the second question I had, totally different topic in terms of Cellulose Fibers. Relative to the rest of your portfolio and what you're trying to build within Weyerhaeuser, because obviously you've done a great job of improving your returns here, but it still remains a very cyclical and capital-intensive business from where you sit right now, why you think that Cellulose Fibers is still a good business to maintain the portfolio for Weyerhaeuser for your shareholders?
Daniel S. Fulton: To your question of WRECO in the balance of the year, yes, we will return to profitability. What happens in the first quarter is that it is our lowest quarter for closings. And so we end up in a loss position fundamentally because of G&A. And as the volume picks up through the year, then you'll see those break into profitability. As Patty mentioned, we expect to be profitable in the second quarter. And then through the balance of the year, we'll be delivering the homes that we have sold earlier in the year, so we'll have the margins from those sales come through the P&L. So we would certainly expect that to recover.  In terms of what the margins may be in the balance of the year, we had good visibility today for second quarter margins. It gets a little bit fuzzier as we look at third and fourth quarter because we -- some of the closings that will occur in third and fourth quarter will be from sales that we haven't even entered into yet.  With respect to Cellulose Fibers in your portfolio question, we believe that the Cellulose Fibers business is a good fit for our portfolio. We are a strong competitor in the fluff business in particular, where we have very strong relationships with growing global customers. What the Cellulose Fibers business does for us is it gives us really terrific global exposure because about roughly 2/3 of our sales are for customers outside of the U.S. And so we believe long-term trends or demand for fluff are very positive. And the relationships that we are building with our customers that are growing give us confidence that we will be able to maintain profitability and grow with them. Patty mentioned when she was talking about projects that we're spending money on this year in our CapEx, the Poland facility, so that's a conversion facility that will give us increased product to sell to key global customer as they expand into Europe and North Africa. And we believe that we're a strong competitor in that business, and it's a good fit for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess just to start, can you talk a little bit more about the West Coast export markets, and I guess just the level of trend, was it getting worse as you moved through the first quarter? Or was it picking up in terms of, I guess, the Chinese market particularly? And are there any sort of numbers you can put to it in terms of the change in your export volume to China?
Daniel S. Fulton: You were breaking up at the very end of your question, Gail. Could I just ask you to -- sorry.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sure. Are there any numbers that you can -- the last part was, are there any numbers you can put to in terms of the change in your volume to China either year-over-year or sequentially, and just generally give a context on what the trends were like moving through the quarter and to the second quarter?
Daniel S. Fulton: So our overall export volumes were slightly off in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter. That's fundamentally a China statement. As I mentioned, we had a significant slowdown in exports to China starting in the fourth quarter continuing into the first quarter, and that caused a shift in mix. So in very round numbers, that 80% of our export volume went to Japan, 10% Korea, slightly more than 10% going to China. Now we go back to the fourth quarter, those numbers were sort of mid-60s for Japan. China had actually grown to be 25% of our export volumes. So we are returning to more typical mix. Our long-term market continues to be Japan. Those are higher quality logs. That's our most valuable resource that we're exporting off of the West Coast, and we see that demand continuing to be steady. And it has been growing. We are well positioned to sell into the China market as we did last year, because of the location of our lands and the advantage facilities that we had to ship off the West Coast. So longer term, we continue to expect the export to be a significant part of our activity. Off the West Coast, Japan will continue to be our major market, but we will take advantage of opportunities to serve longer-term customers in Korea, to build market share in China and also to take advantage of opportunities that are beginning to emerge in some other export markets beyond those big 3.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Gail, to your specific question about -- in the first quarter, we saw coming out of the fourth quarter a lot of inventory in China and into the first quarter, and some of that was also due to some of the Chinese government policy, which we are starting to see some signs of monetary easing by the Chinese government. So that's encouraging. In terms of the impact going into the second quarter, we don't see a lot of pickup, but we see some of that inventory being worked off. So that's why in my comments, I focused primarily on the second half of the year in terms of the resurgence of Chinese demand. We don't see a lot of that impact of it happening in the second quarter, but rather that inventory continue to be worked down.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Would these comments hold generally for the lumber exports? I think you have some exposure to that out of Canada going into China. And if so, is there any risk, or are you seeing signs of some of that being repatriated?
Daniel S. Fulton: I'm sorry, I'm going to have to ask you to ask that question one more time.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sure. I mean, do those comments hold for lumber as well? And if so, are you seeing any signs of volumes that might have gone to China previously kind of being repatriated in North America?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, we've been -- we have been shipping some lumber to China out of Canada. And actually, on a year-over-year basis, our export volume to China out of Canada roughly doubled. They have, as you know, the wood that goes to China is used for industrial purposes, concrete forms and packing and crating, at least as it relates to softwood. So the Chinese government did impose, try to control to try to slow down growth, to try to slow down some real estate development. We would expect that activity to start to recover. We will continue to take advantage of that opportunity as it exists. In our lumber business, out of Canada, once again our primary customer is -- has been Japan. And that's a higher quality wood than is going to China. But we'll take advantage of the opportunities as they present themselves. We are -- in our Wood Products business, we are exporting lumber. We are also starting to export some amount of OSB and engineered products into Asia also.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes, Gail, I really think as it relates to our lumber exports, as Dan said, similar to logs. Japan is a much more important market for us because most of our lumber production comes out of Alberta. It's not as affected by the beetle damaged wood as some of the other producers. So we produce and export more to Japan of a higher J-grade than probably other producers that you might be hearing from.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 quick ones. The guidance for Timberlands in the second quarter, does that include land sales, or would land sales be additive or subtractive to that?
Patricia M. Bedient: We don't forecast land sales because they are lumpy. But I can tell you based upon what we see right now that we wouldn't see a big difference in the second quarter compared to the first. But as we've talked about in the past, that can move around. But as we sit here today, it doesn't make a big difference quarter-over-quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And Patty, is there any guidance for the unallocated items? I think in the past, you talked about maybe $80 million for the year. You're well below that in the first quarter. Would you expect that to normalize, or is there any change structurally there?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, what we tried to do on the Chart 13 was really give you what makes up that. So as you think about walking down that chart, the unallocated corporate functional expenses, I wouldn't see that changing significantly throughout the year in terms of the quarter impact. The unallocated share-based comp does move around because that's tied to, for the most part, the volatility in our stock price.  Pension and postretirement costs, probably pretty stable. Foreign exchange gains, that's the result of changes in primarily the Canadian dollar on our intercompany borrowings. So those would be the primary items as you think about. So as the foreign exchange Canadian dollar, if that moves around, that will impact that number. Just roughly, I would say, probably $0.01 change makes about a $3 million-ish, give or take. And it's also a function of the currency fluctuation as well as the level of borrowings inter-company, how that goes on through year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter. And then on share-based comp, probably about $1 movement in the stock price is roughly $1.5 million to $2 million, so maybe that will help you to calibrate throughout the quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just that other segment, because that was a pretty swing quarter-on-quarter for the year?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. That's just really made up of a bunch of little things. There's a whole list. That's why wouldn't call out anything separately there. Other is a bunch of $1 million or $2 million kind of unique items quarter-over-quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But would -- is the fourth quarter kind of a more normal number, or is it just completely random?
Patricia M. Bedient: It's kind of random, I would say. It's probably somewhere between that $2 million and $7 million number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Kurt Schoen - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: This is Kurt Schoen filling in for Mark. So you noted earlier that there was a pickup in the lower-priced housing market which, I guess, also happened to be the hardest hit market. Given your heavy exposure there, do you expect your housing segment to recover quicker than the overall industry? And will this dynamic alter your allocation of resources or strategy going forward?
Daniel S. Fulton: I don't expect that it changes our strategy long term. So what we're seeing is, housing is a regional business. And we do have different value propositions in each market. I talked about the recovery in demand, particularly in Arizona. That happens to be a market that has good positive employment growth. I think on the last call, I noted that last year, there were nearly 100,000 housing transactions in the Phoenix market. So that market seems to have recovered just as we're starting to see some recovery in Florida. We're not an active builder there, but investors have come in and picked up excess inventory, and so the market is now starting to recover. So the lower-priced markets where we operate, Phoenix, we're seeing strong recovery. I noted Las Vegas in my comments. Las Vegas is coming off a rare variable base, but we did see a pickup on a year-over-year basis. Sales in Las Vegas [indiscernible] transactions are starting to occur. We had 2 new openings in Las Vegas, actually higher-priced product that sold very well. So it's not simply people that are looking for foreclosed homes that are buying homes. The markets are starting to recover. So I don't expect our strategy to change in any of our given markets. We will allocate capital in order to provide lots to be able to build those homes, part of that working basis. But I don't see any significant shift longer term for us in our value propositions in markets or in the longer term mixed results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just curious, Dan and Patty, as you think about sort of a housing upturn and how it will affect your different Wood Products businesses, can you help us think about sort of where you think you have the greatest leverage to increase volumes in Wood Products?
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes. So our primary products in our Wood Products business are lumber and OSB and engineered wood products, which we split between our TJIs in our solid sections. Lumber has throughout the cycle maintained a somewhat higher operating rate because there are multiple outlets for lumber. As we see the market pick up for housing, you would expect to see lumber pick up along with the appropriate level of starts. OSB is a product that is more heavily weighted to new construction, but we have some industrial uses, and we have been expanding our activity in the R&R market. So as you see a pickup in activity, that should translate very quickly into OSB. That has had a somewhat lower operating rate than lumber because we've had fewer outlets for that product. In the engineered business or TJIs in solid sections, that's fundamentally a new construction product, either for single-family or multi-family. And so that probably has the most significant, immediate impact as the activity picks up either for singles or multis. That product goes into both, and so we have the most leverage on the upside coming from that business because we've got the lowest operating rates today, Mark, in that product line. And then there are -- there's still an issue out there as to the mix between singles and multis, and what the appropriate square footages are for each of those. But I think the most significant upside in those 3 product lines and a pickup in housing would be seen in the Engineered business because we've got the lowest operating rates, and so much more ability to increase production there. But you'll see it in all product lines.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. Maybe when you're out here, it would be -- I would like to get a little update on sort of what your building products distribution business looks like right now because I know you've made a lot of changes. A couple of other questions for today, though. Can you give us, Dan, just a sort of a rule of thumb in your Real Estate business about sort of profit that you make from homebuilding, versus profit that you make from the gain on the underlying land?
Daniel S. Fulton: I can't do that because it varies by market and by project. And let me give you an example, Mark. And probably the 2 extremes would be Houston, Texas, where historically we have purchased auctioned lots from land developers. So fundamentally, the primary profit and margin that you see in Houston comes from homebuilding. We do, as you know, have some land development activity down there, but roughly 2/3 of our homes in Houston are built on lots that we purchased from others. The other extreme would be San Diego, where we've got a long land position in a market that is very difficult to obtain entitlements. And that's the nature of why we have a longer land position there. And so the margins that come from our San Diego homes are a lot higher and clearly, there's a significant component of that, that relates to the land. But I can't give you a rule of thumb across all markets because every market is different. And quite frankly, every project has some unique history to it as to who owned the land and how long it was owned and whether it was ours or someone else's.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the last question I had, Dan, was just on sort of offshore Timberlands. I noticed the pricing continues to be pretty low down there in Uruguay. I'm just curious as to whether that's because that's kind of timber that doesn't have a whole lot of outlets right now. And then I'm also interested in whether you want to expand offshore timber, whether it's more in South America or more maybe over in Asia.
Daniel S. Fulton: Our offshore timber is really located in 2 markets. As you know, Uruguay is our largest position. We have roughly 345,000 acres. And then we've got a small joint venture in Fujian province in Southern China. That's about a 50,000-acre partnership. We are growing out the timberland in Uruguay. We started with rings land and planted it. It is now moving to a stage of harvest maturity. We're growing primarily to a soft timber regime in that market. We have one manufacturing facility, it's a plywood mill that we built where we are producing plywood. And I think it's an area of the world. Quite frankly, it could use some more conversion facilities in order to monetize the timber that is growing there. So we're well situated with our plywood mill. We've seen some improvement in performance out of that. That mill originally was built with the thought that the market would primarily be South Eastern U.S. And it just turned out because of the U.S. housing downturn, most of that product is being sold throughout South America and increasingly Mexico, with some outlet into Europe for higher-grade tropical panel replacement. So that's all the color that I can add. At this point in terms of expanding Timberlands ownership, our focus is, is U.S., it's not global for a variety of reasons. We know the U.S. the best, and U.S. is one of the few markets in the world where you can own the fee, which is important.
Patricia M. Bedient: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: When you look at the progression of Southern fee harvest levels, they just go up, and you mentioned they're going to go up again in the second quarter. But I just noticed they went up every quarter last year and further in the first quarter. And I know obviously from years past, you've talked about having greater ability or greater growth that you would harvest in the future. But it's up, I guess, roughly 25% year-over-year and with more to come. I would like to know sort of what's driving that, and sort of how we should think about the harvest there going forward.
Daniel S. Fulton: We have -- prices have been relatively steady in that marketplace. We made a conscious decision, Chip, to increase the amount of third-party sales. So that was a market where historically most of the logs went to our own mills. We felt that we needed and wanted some diversification, and so we've consciously increased sales to third parties. They're roughly 20% to 25% of our Southern harvest. And then this year with the increasing lumber prices and some recovery in U.S. housing, we are flowing more of those logs to our own conversion facilities to take advantage of the increased activity or increased prices in lumber. So it's been a conscious decision on our part to increase harvest because we have profitable outlets for the logs.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And secondly, on just the tax rate. If you, your forecast is sort of, as you've given us the numbers, is roughly correct, and maybe you mentioned this and I missed it, what should the tax rate be in the quarter, and what would be your sort of range that you would use for the year? And I know it's a moving part based on how much Timberland contributes, but is there any kind of rule of thumb you can give us?
Patricia M. Bedient: Sure, Chip. Let me maybe walk through a couple of things that could help you as you go forward. So as you mentioned, it is sensitive to the mix of REIT income versus TRS income and, of course, we don't provide for any tax, corporate tax on the REIT income. So as you think about the TRS income, which is primarily the income from our manufacturing businesses, Cellulose Fibers, Wood Products and our WRECO subsidiary. But also remember that the interest expense is at the TRS as well. So as we look forward for this year for the rate on the TRS results, we are looking at an effective rate of about 25%. And if you look at the first quarter, and now these are just broad rules of thumb, but if you looked at the first quarter and said take the contribution to pretax earnings and exclude the special items and then take away the Timberland earnings and take away the interest expense, you'd get a TRS loss of about $83 million. And then again if you exclude out of the tax benefit the impact of the special items, which you can get from Chart 2 in the package, you'll get about a 25% rate for the first quarter, and we would see that 25% rate being the effective rate for the year, again, depending upon what the ultimate mix of income is. That 25% is lower than what the U.S. statutory rate is because of the mix of U.S. versus non-U.S. earnings.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And I guess, if I heard you correctly, you would -- basically the REIT income, the Timberland segment income is fully nontaxable, in another words, all of the expenses whether it'd be unallocated or interest will be almost all allocated to the TRS.
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. So all of the interest expense is at the TRS. As it relates to Timberland results, there are pieces in both, but most of the Timberland income is at the REIT level. So if just as a broad rule of thumb, if you take the Timberland income away, you get pretty close.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. So there should be probably no tax expense in the next quarter then?
Patricia M. Bedient: Well, there won't be any cash taxes if that's what you mean. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a follow-up to Gail's question on China. Understanding that we've seen slow activity in the first quarter and you expect some pickup in the second half of the year, when you look at kind of the full year 2012, would you expect Chinese log and lumber imports to be kind of up year-over-year or down or sort of roughly flattish, or how should we think about that?
Daniel S. Fulton: At this point, I don't think we have enough visibility, Anthony, regarding the second half. All of our intelligence suggest that it should be picking up the second half. 2011 was such a strong year in terms of exports to China. I would be surprised if our volume would for the full year be equivalent to what it was in 2011, but I really can't speculate.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And you talked about other export markets are cultivating markets outside of Japan, China, Korea. Can you talk a little bit about that or give us some color there? I know that some of your competitors have maybe talked about exporting out of the South into the Mediterranean and the Middle East. Do you have plans there, or is there any kind of opportunity that you can give us details on?
Daniel S. Fulton: I don't have specifics that would provide a lot of guidance for you. We are exploring opportunities for other markets in Asia, both off the West Coast and to some extent out of the South. We are engaged in some initial activity and shipments into the Mediterranean from the U.S. South, and not only for logs but limited extent to lumber. And so we are exploring opportunities both in the West and the South. We've never been really an exporter out of the South. We're very limited, but we are finding some opportunity given that we are growing high-quality sawlogs, and Southern yellow pine and given the size and the nature of the "clear" wood in those logs, they become attractive for some other markets, and so not enough specific to give you much help but we are in fact -- got some pilot activity both other countries in Asia as well as in Europe.
Patricia M. Bedient: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First of all, I appreciate the color on China log volumes. Do you have a longer-term view on the opportunity? Could it be a 10-billion square foot or sorry -- yes, board foot market on a sustainable basis maybe in 5 years or so?
Daniel S. Fulton: I can't speculate. We do see growing demand. They have -- if you just look at their GDP, they are going to need fiber for a lot of purposes. The big breakthrough for China would be if we started to see some increased activity in wood frame construction. Canadian Wood Products Council has been leading that initiative for some period of time, and that will be very significant if that were to occur. We expect the activity to increase over time. They also pull logs from New Zealand. Russia, we talked about a lot, it's a question. But the West Coast is very well situated to supply China. And we would expect that given the growth over time, it'll become a more significant market for all of us in North America.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then switching gears, it occurs to me that multi-family residential is going to lead the housing recovery not just because of government mandates. So are you in a position to build multi-family yourself, or do you sell the land to builders with more expertise in that area?
Daniel S. Fulton: Multi-family is a broad category, so it captures attached housing generally, some of which is for sale and some of which is rental. So we build a limited amount of multi-family in primarily townhouse structures. We've always been active in the Washington DC market, for instance. In Maryland and Virginia, we build townhomes. And we have the ability to build multi-family. We've done it in the past. We are not an apartment developer, but we have the ability and have in the past built for sale attached housing that would be low rise. Generally, when we have land in a master-planned community with multi-family, we sell it to a multi-family developer. And so when we report land sales in some cases we had some last year, we're selling to apartment developers. For our business model, we prefer for sale housing rather than rental. And so it would be a significant change for us to jump into that business. Actually, I'm more bullish on single-family starting to show some recovery.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I hope you're right. And then, final quickie. You referred to TJIs a couple times, Dan, as opposed to iLevel. So is this a reversal in the brand strategy, or you're just calling them what the market calls them?
Daniel S. Fulton: That's a strategy that we reversed last year. So we had been going to market under the umbrella of iLevel for all of our Wood Products. And last year, we made a determination to revert to our strongest brand, which is Weyerhaeuser and the Trus Joist brand. In the marketplace, everyone calls them TJI's units, they're not ours probably. It is a -- we got the leading brand in the business, and we're building on that and taking advantage of it. So we're going to market under the Weyerhaeuser name and under the Trus Joist name because we believe that's our strength and that's the reputation, and quite frankly, our customers tell us that, that's what they prefer.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I think that's true. I think TJIs are like Kleenex and Xerox. That's what people call them.
Patricia M. Bedient: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Pulp maintenance expense, if you could just tell us what it was in the first quarter. And I think you said it'd fairly similar in the second quarter, and then does it pretty much go away in the third, fourth quarters for this year?
Patricia M. Bedient: We'll have a similar amount of maintenance in terms of costs compared to the first quarter with the exception of a couple of the mills, one which had in their maintenance shut that carried over into the second quarter for a day or 2. And then one of our mills were actually finishing up some power boiler expense, so the mill is up and running, but we're finishing up some maintenance there. So I would expect that quarter-over-quarter, we'll be up in maintenance somewhere around $5 million to $10 million, probably closer to $5 million when you look at quarter-over-quarter. In terms of the total maintenance in the first quarter for Cellulose Fibers, I think we were somewhere around low 20s for maintenance costs. And then you have to add on top of that the lost productivity, some a little bit of additional chemicals, et cetera. I don't have the exact number for that, Mark.
Mark A. Weintraub - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And does that -- do you have any maintenance schedule for the second half of the year?
Patricia M. Bedient: Yes. We'll have a similar amount of maintenance in the second quarter, and we had 2 mills down in the first, so about similar in the second quarter to the first quarter. So we'll have some maintenance, but it'll be much less in the second half. Most of it will be done in the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more about your pulp mill capital projects to get the maintenance downtime a little bit more extended? I know you said that was the reason for some more prolonged shutdowns this year. Is that actually anticipated to be completed by the end of the year, and 2013 will have that extended maintenance schedule? Or is that more of a 2014 event?
Daniel S. Fulton: The transition to that extended schedule will take place over likely a 2- to 3-year period. The scheduled annual maintenance that we have today is not focused on that transition. It is normal maintenance that we need to do for the safety and longevity of our equipment. But we are taking advantage of those annual shutdowns in order to make some incremental changes and improvements that would allow us to accomplish this transition, so it will be a 2- to 3-year period.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned in your prepared comments that you had seen volumes picking up in Japan might be a little bit weaker in the second quarter. Was that just Japanese economy get a little bit better, or is that a post-earthquake rebuild, or maybe some combination of the 2?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, as it relates to what's happening in Japan, we saw an increasing amount of activity late in the year and first quarter was relatively steady. We expect Japan to maintain, perhaps pick up a bit. We're not seeing any significant earthquake rebuild activity that's driving increased volumes. Some of that may be happening, but it's not obvious to us. We anticipated that the rebuild would take some period of time because of the need to initially rebuild infrastructure. The initial response in Japan was focused on temporary housing. That's been accomplished. That was mostly modular. And there was -- some amount of wood product involved in that but not significant amounts. The areas that were most hard hit by the tsunami and the earthquake were rural and not have heavily populated. And so most of the rebuild activity will be longer term. And we expect not to see anything like we did, Josh, in response to the Kobe earthquake, which was a heavily urbanized area, and a lot of rebuilding had to take place over the 2- to 3-year period. So I'm sure it had some incremental volume over time, but it's not terribly significant.
Patricia M. Bedient: Josh, just to be clear in terms of the second quarter outlook, we said that volumes would be pretty much flat. It's just the realizations we said that might soften somewhat, and that's really more of a currency statement in terms of competitive pressure from European supply because of the weaker euro. So our volumes to Japan should be very stable in second quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the earlier question on price declines in your backlogs of WRECO. That's sort of consistent with sort of smaller home sizing and lower percentage of single-family houses and sort of, I guess, less bells and whistles on houses overall. The question is, do you see that as a cyclical or a structural shift to the market?
Daniel S. Fulton: The mix shift that we're seeing is primarily related to geography, Paul. We've been through a period where over the last 2 to 3 years, we had some decline in square footage, and certainly a lot of the upgrades had disappeared from these homes. But interestingly, in a market-by-market basis, we're seeing some increased activity in higher-priced homes. So in Phoenix where we've had terrific sales, we are not a first-time buyer of product there. We sell second -- first-time move-up, second-time move-up.  In the Puget Sound area, our Quadrant operation has actually moved its price point up and is providing really a higher quality, more amenitized house than they were 4 or 5 years ago. Our most recent openings in Las Vegas have been higher-priced homes, 4-car garage, price range $350,000 to $400,000, plus or minus. So that's not to say that's happening everywhere but in our own mix, the primary factor ends up being where that house is, and where the sales are occurring as we start to look at the relative percentage of where our sales are coming from or where the closings are coming from in any one period. We've seen that shift and so, plus or minus 5% of total closings. We saw on a quarter-over-quarter basis, a percentage of our closings dropped 5% in San Diego, went up 5% in Phoenix. And those kinds of shifts will be enough to throw off the weighted average of either margin or price. So it gets a little bit complicated to have a broadbrush explanation for what's going on. We are not seeing a rush to the bottom in terms of price or removing amenities. In fact, I think what's happening now is there had been a lot of foreclosed houses on the market. People that are coming into new home sales offices are looking for a home that is more customized, that probably has more features and it meets their needs much more closely than buying -- trying to buy a foreclosed house either from a bank or in an auction. And we view that as being very positive.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Well, pretty interesting answer. Just last question on Japan housing in your leverage there. If I take a look at housing stats, they're sort of down 8.1% annually over the last 5 years. Wooden has held up a lot better, down 3.5%. Are you guys taking market share with your sort of growing export to Japan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Can you restate the question? I don't think I understood.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I look at Japanese housing starts, I see a downtrend over the last 5 years. I would say wooden starts has held up a lot better. Your business seems to be holding pretty steady that suggests that you're taking market share. Have I got that right?
Daniel S. Fulton: I believe our customers are taking market share.
Patricia M. Bedient: As you think about who we export to, Paul, we're exporting. Most of our product is export of logs and certainly, our customers in Japan especially our largest customer's taking market share.
Daniel S. Fulton: Okay, let me just provide one minute of wrap-up comments here. I want to thank everybody for your questions and your comments. Patty mentioned that we have our New York Analyst Meeting coming up. It's just less than 2 weeks away, and so we hope that we'll see you there. If you have questions following this call, I encourage you to follow up with Kathy. And finally, I thank all of you for taking the time to join us this morning and for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel S. Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Patricia Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, my name is Carrie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. McAuley, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides of this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statement in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Joining me this morning is Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Please turn to the earnings information package available on our website. As summarized on Chart 1 on the package, this morning, Weyerhaeuser reported fourth quarter 2011 net earnings of $65 million or $0.12 per diluted share. Our net sales from continuing operations of $1.6 billion. Earnings for the fourth quarter included net after-tax charges of $12 million for restructuring and asset impairments. Excluding these items, the company reported net earnings of $77 million or $0.14 per diluted share.  For the full year 2011, the company reported net earnings of $331 million or $0.61 per diluted share and net sales from continuing operations of $6.2 billion. A GAAP reconciliation on special items can be found on Charts 2 and 3. In the following discussion of the business segments, I will refer to Charts 4 through 10.  Turning to Chart 4. This illustrates the change in contribution by business segment from third quarter 2011 to fourth quarter 2011. My comments reviewing the fourth quarter refer to changes from the third quarter unless otherwise noted. We begin our business segment discussion of the fourth quarter with Timberlands, Charts 5 and 6.  Timberlands contributed $70 million to pretax earnings, $8 million more than Q3. Earnings from the disposition of nonstrategic timberlands increased $17 million to $21 million. Fee harvest volumes rose 2% in the West and 5% in the South. Log prices declined 4% in the West, due to weaker Chinese demand. Log prices were slightly higher in the South. Road and silviculture costs were seasonally lower, fuel costs were higher.  Wood Products, Charts 7 and 8. In the seasonally weak fourth quarter, Wood Products lost $61 million, $18 million more than in Q3 but less than in the fourth quarter of 2010. Sales volume seasonally declined. Lumber, 8%; oriented strand board, 6%; and engineered Wood Products, 12%. As illustrated on Chart 8, price realizations for most products were lower. Lumber and oriented strand board prices decreased 2%; engineered solid section prices declined 4%, and engineered I-Joist prices were 1% lower.  Operating rates were lower in response to weaker market demand. Downtime across all product lines increased from 12 weeks in Q3 to 47 weeks in Q4. Unit manufacturing costs were higher due to market downtime.  Cellulose Fibers, Chart 9. The pretax contribution to earnings in fourth quarter was $134 million, $1 million less than in Q3. Average pulp price realizations declined 3% or $25 per air-dried symmetric ton. Pulp sale volumes increased 10%. There were no annual maintenance outages in the quarter.  Real Estate, Chart 10. Real Estate contributed $41 million to pretax earnings, $31 million more than in third quarter. Earnings were also higher than in Q4 2010. Single-family home closings seasonally increased 15% from Q3 to 582 homes. Year-over-year closings declined 4%. The average price on homes closed decreased $5,000 from the third quarter. This reduction was due to mix.  The single-family gross margin was 25.4%, an increase from 23% in Q3, but lower than the gross margin of 26.1% in the year-ago quarter. Land sales contributed $19 million in earnings.  In Corporate & Other. Corporate & Other was $6 million lower in Q4. Gains on foreign exchange were more than offset by increased charges for share-based compensation and other items.  I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Despite continued economic challenges, our company took full advantage of every opportunity to improve our overall performance during the last quarter and the entire year, and I'm pleased with our overall results.  In my remarks this morning, I'll provide some highlights of our fourth quarter results for each business segment, as well as observations on overall performance for the year. I'll also provide my perspective for the year ahead. Patty will then present our first quarter outlook as well as financial highlights, and then I'll add a few more remarks before turning to your questions.  First, before commenting on the fourth quarter, I want to set the context for the full year 2011. As we entered the year, I told you that we were basing our plans for the year on an assumption that we would begin to see some recovery in U.S. housing, we targeted a level of 525,000 single-family housing starts, which would have been an 11% increase from the 2010 level of 471,000. Unfortunately, we never experienced the eagerly awaited spring selling season. And single-family starts ended the year at 429,000, even lower than 2010 and 18% short of our forecast.  Offsetting this negative drag from lower-than-anticipated housing activity was the continued positive strength in our Cellulose Fibers markets for most of the year, plus increased opportunities for log exports to China during the first part of the year.  The other major surprise during the year was the devastating earthquake and tsunami which hit Japan on March 11. Though we suffered immediate short-term disruption to our export sales of logs, lumber and cellulose fibers, we were able to work through this extreme upset condition with minimal impact. This was mostly due to the extraordinary efforts of our team in Japan, which worked so effectively to meet the needs of our customers.  Now let's shift to a discussion of the accomplishments of each business segment in the past year. In Timberlands, the stronger export markets for the year helped to offset continued weakness in U.S. demand. We fully leveraged our long-term export relationships and our logistically advantaged Western Timberlands to use these markets to increase earnings over last year.  Harvest levels for the full year increased 19% in both the West and the South. Increases in the West were primarily related to increased export sales, while increases in the South were primarily the result of increased emphasis on third-party sales.  Log exports are an integral part of our Timberlands business, providing valuable market diversification. In 2010, exports represented approximately 60% of our third-party sales volume from our Western lands. We spoke throughout the year about the significant impact of increased demand for logs from China. We were able to quickly respond, as this opportunity emerged, using all of our competitive strengths in the log export market, including harvesting, hauling, board access, and sales and marketing relationships.  While maintaining historic volumes to our largest long-term customers in Japan, we added additional volume to meet increased China demand, resulting in a slight shift in mix among our Asian markets. In the fourth quarter, export volume decreased from the third quarter as a result of an anticipated slowdown on exports to China. For the full year, however, overall export volume was up, coupled with an increase in realizations.  In addition to log sales, we generate income from our lands from a variety of sources, including mineral rights, recreational leases and biomass. Our minerals revenue was lower in the fourth quarter as well as for the full year. Production levels of natural gas dropped in response to lower prices. Reported revenue from lease fees declined as fees collected in prior years were fully amortized.  Turning to Wood Products, a business that was challenging enough before the 2011 slowdown in housing. We maintained our focus on using all available levers to improve cash flow and profitability. In the seasonally slow fourth quarter, we experienced soft market conditions with lower prices and reduced volumes. We responded by taking more market downtime.  For the full year, taking into consideration adverse market factors, we improved performance in areas that we can control. For the year, we were able to offset the significant negative effect of lower prices and higher log and freight costs with performance improvements in a number of areas across our business. Our ongoing improvement efforts reduced manufacturing and related costs over $100 million, and we reduced SG&A by nearly $60 million.  In addition to our focus on reducing costs and selectively increasing price for certain products, we added new customers. We also expanded our sales in select geographic markets, including sales of Canadian lumber to meet growing Chinese demand.  In Real Estate, we continue to pursue our strategy as a regional builder and land developer, adapting to individual market conditions and diverse customer needs. For the second consecutive year, was profitable, which is strong performance relative to our competitors. Despite a decline in closings for the year, consistent with the overall market decline, our strong margins held firm helped by mix.  In the fourth quarter, traditionally our strongest, as homes sold earlier in the year are delivered to customers, we had profitable quarter that included earnings from both home closings and land sales. Land sales historically represent about 10% of our total Real Estate revenues though timing throughout the year can be a bit uneven. In the fourth quarter, land sales represented a higher percentage of our revenue than normal, but were in line with our historic averages for the full year.  During the quarter, we experienced lower traffic year-over-year, but conversion rates of perspective buyers improved. As we approached year end in November and December, we had an encouraging pickup in sales, about a 5% increase over the same period last year. This positive momentum is carried into the new year, as sales for the first 5 weeks of the year are up an average of 16% over last year.  Though individual market conditions vary, that 5 weeks does not establish a longer-term trend, maybe we're beginning to see some green shoots in the market for new homes.  In Cellulose Fibers, as expected, we experienced slowing conditions during the fourth quarter as market inventories increased and prices came under pressure. Our realizations were down, which was offset with increased volume, resulting in earnings approximately equal to our strong third quarter.  For the full year, this marks the second consecutive year of record earnings for Cellulose Fibers, a strong performance given more challenging market conditions. All products contributed to this success as we maintained our focus on operational excellence, product innovation and meeting the needs of our customers.  Before turning the call over to Patty, let me provide some context for our outlook for the upcoming year. As we entered 2012, we still face an uncertain environment. December's reported unemployment level improved slightly over one year ago, so we're moving in the right direction, but progress is slow. This morning's report shows some additional slight improvement.  Consumer confidence is still very weak and though somewhat improved at year end, it is still languishing near the low levels seen in 2008 and 2009. Uncertainty about the pace of housing recovery is still high. Structural issues in the mortgage market are not resolved, and the direction of prices is not clear.  The good news on the housing front for me is that the Fed clearly is now engaged on this issue. This may generate some increased attention to the critical role that housing must play in the overall recovery of our national economy.  With this backdrop, we're basing our 2012 plans on 665,000 total housing starts, 455,000 single-family, which is a modest 6% increase over 2011 plus 2,000 -- 210,000 multifamily. We consider this to be a conservative assumption, and there are certainly some who are more optimistic. Given our experience in 2011, we're planning cautiously while being prepared to flex up if we have the opportunity.  For Timberlands, we're planning to increase harvest levels approximately in line with our forecasted increase in housing starts. Most of this increase will occur in the South, where we also had an increase in third-party sales. In 2012, we continue to play to our strength in export markets, plus take advantage of opportunities for other revenue, including minerals and biomass. We expect natural gas prices to remain low, but we had some opportunities in the Tuscaloosa Basin Shale oil play where we leased land in 2011 for exploratory activity.  With respect to biomass as a renewable fuel, we're position to respond to market demand in the U.S. as well as overseas if public policy supports this renewable fuel resource.  In Wood Products in 2012, we'll focus on continued improvement to reduce cost and increase revenues, introducing new products, funding our customer base and improving our relative competitiveness. As market conditions improve, we have the production capacity to respond quickly to meet customer needs.  In WRECO, we expect to increase volume at pace with the overall housing recovery, but we believe that public builders such as ourselves have an opportunity to increase share over the next several years given our land base and our access to construction capital. We'll anticipate what today's homebuyers want and respond quickly with appealing new homes in great communities, leveraging our regional value propositions and industry-leading customer satisfaction. As the market begins to pick up, our land position gives us the capacity to increase home production, plus we're poised to sell desirable lots to land short builders as part of our long-term strategy.  In Cellulose Fibers, we'll continue to focus on what we consider the basics: Continuously improving manufacturing excellence; carefully targeting capital expenditures to lower costs and increase volume; and developing innovative new products to meet the needs of our strategic, growing global customers.  And now I'll turn the call over to Patty to discuss our first quarter outlook, as well as provide financial highlights. Patty?
Patricia Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the first quarter by business segment is summarized on Chart 11. I'll begin the outlook discussion with Timberlands.  In the West, fee harvest volumes will likely increase in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. We are expecting a higher mix of logs to Japan versus China, which should result in a higher sales realization for export logs as our Japanese customers buy our premium-grade logs. Domestic log prices in the West are anticipated to decrease slightly.  Dan mentioned earlier that fee harvest volumes in the South are projected to increase for the full year of 2012 compared to 2011. However, fee harvest volume in the first quarter should be similar to the fourth quarter, as typically the first quarter is seasonally our lowest volume quarter. Prices will likely be flat quarter-to-quarter, although we anticipate a slightly positive mix variance. Costs are expected to increase due to higher silvicultural spending in the South, and diesel fuel costs will likely be higher across our geographies.  Nonstrategic land sales are expected to be lower compared to the fourth quarter, but the timing of these sales is often difficult to forecast. Excluding the effect of nonstrategic land sales, overall Timberland earnings in the first quarter are expected to be slightly higher than the fourth quarter.  In Wood Products, lumber prices are expected to be slightly higher in the first quarter compared to the fourth. Oriented strand board pricing is anticipated to increase over 5%. However, pricing for both product lines is anticipated to be lower than the first quarter of 2011. Volume for both product lines should be -- should increase over 5% compared to the first -- compared to the fourth quarter.  Engineered Wood Product prices are anticipated to be relatively flat, while volumes are expected to increase. Log costs in the South and Canada are expected to be higher, offset by lower log costs in the West. Operating rates will likely be higher across all product lines as manufacturing resumed to normal operations after the market and holiday downtime in the fourth quarter.  As is typical of the first quarter, we anticipate a seasonal working capital build, and we will continue our sharp focus of matching supply with demand. We expect that our loss in Wood Products will narrow in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter and be similar to the first quarter of 2011. Lower prices and higher freight costs compared to Q1 2001, are anticipated to offset our improving sales volume and operating rates.  In Cellulose Fibers, we expect significantly lower realizations for pulp in the first quarter, driven by the continued economic uncertainty in global markets and high inventories worldwide. Shipment volumes are expected to be slightly lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth. This quarter, we will also have increased maintenance cost and lower production as a result of more scheduled annual maintenance compared to the fourth quarter, when there were no scheduled maintenance outages. We expect cost for chemicals, fuel and energy to be higher due to the planned outages. Also, fuel and energy cost will increase due to the winter season. Overall, we expect to considerably lower earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment in the first quarter compared to the fourth.  In our Real Estate segment, the first quarter is seasonally our weakest quarter of the year for home closings. In addition, we continue to battle the headwinds of continued challenging economic conditions and mortgage qualification hurdles for home buyers. We expect approximately 360 single-family home closings compared to 582 in the fourth. Prices are expected to be lower, with margins in the high teens, down from margins of 25% in the fourth quarter due to a shift in market and product mix.  On the encouraging sign, as Dan mentioned, we have seen stronger sales during the month of January compared to last year, but these will not affect first quarter earnings as the closings for these sales would typically occur later in the year. Excluding any earnings from potential land sales, we expect a loss in our Real Estate segment in the first quarter.  Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had cash of $953 million. Debt declined to under $4.5 billion as we reduced debt by over $30 million during the fourth quarter. Our total debt maturities over the next 5 years are approximately $600 million, with about $188 million of that due in 2012.  In addition, we have a $1 billion credit facility that has no borrowings outstanding. So as a result, we continue to have solid liquidity. The underfunded status of our pension and other postretirement plans increased by approximately $540 million compared to this time last year. This was largely due to changes in actuarial assumptions, the largest of which was the lowering of the discount rate.  For example, in our U.S. qualified pension plan, which is our largest plan, the discount rate decreased by 90 basis points and is now at 4.5%. Reductions in future benefit payments as a result of planned amendments to our other postretirement benefit plans decreased the overall liability.  Based on the funded status of our U.S. qualified pension plan, as of yearend 2011, we estimate that we will have a cash contribution of up to $60 million. This payment is not due until September of 2013. No cash contribution was required for this plan in 2011. Contributions in 2012 for the remaining plans, which include our Canadian registered pension plans, our nonqualified pension plans, as well as other postretirement benefit payments, will be similar to the amounts contributed in 2011 for a total of approximately $140 million.  During 2011, we had capital expenditures of approximately $240 million. During 2012, we expect to spend in the range of $260 million to $290 million.  Now I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. As I conclude my remarks this morning, I'd like to end where I started. I'm pleased with our performance in the context of the challenging market conditions that we faced in 2011, but I'm not satisfied. Given the level of uncertainty in our markets, for 2012, we're planning conservatively while maintaining readiness and looking forward to the opportunity to flex up to meet increased demand. All of us in Weyerhaeuser are committed to taking full advantage of every opportunity to improve our overall performance and to safely deliver the sustainable results that you expect and deserve.  And now we welcome your questions. Kathy?
Kathryn F. McAuley: Carrie, would you please open the floor for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In Wood Products, your initial goal last year was to be cash positive, and obviously, the market became much more challenging later in the year. Can you share with us how you're thinking about the Wood Products business reaching cash flow positive or being operating income positive in 2012?
Daniel S. Fulton: Yes, Anthony. As you note, we ended up in 2011 encountering a more difficult market than 2010. Nevertheless, we made a significant number of improvements, as I noted, throughout the year, both in improving operating costs as well as reducing SG&A, which helped to offset declines in prices and increases in costs such as logs and freight. As we look forward into 2012, we continue the ongoing improvement efforts in every single one of our businesses. As I noted, we're focused on improving revenues where we have the opportunities to obtain higher prices for certain products. We're adding new customers. Our efforts in terms of cost reduction, touch every single one of our operating businesses, lumber oriented strand board, engineered Wood Products, and distribution. And at this point, given our outlook for housing at the level that we are projecting today, we have an expectation that for the full year, we would be EBITDA positive and cash flow neutral. We continue to, as I noted in my remarks, use all levers that we have. I'm encouraged by the improvement and our focus continues to be to improve profitability at today's level of starts and then be able to take advantage of the upside leverage that comes with an improving market.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. And then just a question on capital expenditures. I think on the last call, you had guided to about $100 million in the quarter, which would've brought you kind of closer to that $250 million to $270 million range that you had earlier guided to. And I guess you ended up a little bit short of that. And I was just wondering if you could give us any color on any projects or investments that, maybe, you've slowed back or pushed back a little?
Daniel S. Fulton: It's fundamentally timing difference, Anthony. We haven't changed the scope of the products or the projects. As we move into 2012, our CapEx continues to include reforestation expense, road work in the woods in order to open up lands for harvest. And the most significant capital expenditures continue to be in our Cellulose Fibers business, where we focus our improvements on projects that reduce costs, that have added benefit, in many cases, of improving volume and continue to move us forward towards a maintenance schedule in our Cellulose Fibers facilities where we will be stretching out our -- what has been our annual maintenance over the next 2 to 3 years to an 18-month schedule.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: First question is on the -- if you could just give us a roadmap to think about pulp or, I'm sorry, for the Cellulose business this year. Especially given the downtime, I know you normally, I believe, have that heaviest in the second and the third is sort of when you let it rip, so to speak. And should we see similar pattern this year? And, I guess, if you look at last year, the profit sequentially in the first were off about 38% without the prices falling, so I would guess you're expecting it to be a deeper drop in the first quarter this year even though we're seeing signs of it turning up later. Could you -- if you could comment on that as well, I'd appreciate it.
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Chip. If you compare the first quarter of this year to the first quarter of 2011, the mills that will be taking their annual outages will be similar. But the length of the outages is going to be somewhat extended, both to allow us for some completion of some capital projects, but also positioning those mills for an 18-month frequency between the plan to shut down. Now the benefit of that increased frequency will actually start to accrue in 2013. But we're setting those mills up to be in a position to do that as we take their annual maintenance shutdowns this year. So we'll have a little bit longer outages and do a little more maintenance work to prepare for that in addition to the capital project. So I would estimate that the actual maintenance spend for the quarter will be about $25 million to $30 million. Then if you factor in the lost productivity and the additional costs for chemicals, energy and fuel, I'd expect that the total dollar impact of the outages would be on the order of $45 million to $50 million. And then as you referenced, the other major difference quarter-over-quarter in the results will be lower pulp realizations, which is also likely to be around $45 million, coupled with the realizations and also a little slightly lower volume. And then we'll have some seasonally higher input costs as well. So I think that will help you dimension the change from the fourth quarter to the first. And in terms of our maintenance schedule for 2012, we had completed all of the maintenance in 2011 by the end of the second quarter. And I think our schedule actually calls for a little bit of maintenance also coming in, in the second half as those mills just change a little bit. But for the first quarter, they are very similar to last year in terms of the operations itself.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Got you. And a quick follow-up, Patty, you gave a great rundown on the pension funding situation. Could you let us know how the expense change will be at least from a GAAP book basis from '11 to '12?
Patricia Bedient: Sure. You know, Chip, I think just to reiterate, maybe if you could look at the cash flow statements that we have in the analyst package. So on Page 3, we break out in the cash flow from operations on 2 separate line items the impact of cash contributions, as well as the non-cash charge that goes through the income statement for pension and other postretirement benefits. So let me just start with the cash impact to reiterate that. So I'm looking at the line item, which is 2 lines up from net cash from operations, and it's titled Pension and Postretirement Contributions. So you see that we had $143 million that we contributed in 2011. We would expect that those contributions for the plans that I mentioned in my remarks would be similar in 2012 or about $140 million. Now that doesn't include the U.S. qualified pension plan, which did not have a contribution due in 2011. Based on the funded status at the end of this year, we would estimate that the cash contribution would be about $60 million, and we would not need to make that contribution until September of 2013. We certainly have the discretion to make it earlier if we want, but it's not due until September of 2013. Now let me address your other question, which is the difference in the book expense on a GAAP basis. So if you go a little further up the page from where we were before, you'll see a line item called Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits under the Non-cash Charges to Income. So in 2011 for the full year, that number was $81 million. The comparable number for 2012 is about $115 million. Offsetting the $115 million though, we will have amortization of the changes that we made in some of our postretirement benefit plans at the end of the year. So we made some amendments to those changes or to those plans, and we'll be amortizing those in 2012, and that will just about offset that $115 million. But, I think it's a little more than $115 million. But they just about offset each other. We will call those out as special items in 2012, but that's the way that the expense will flow through the income statement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just on pulp realizations for a moment. Patty, that was just very helpful guidance. I'm just wondering what you're expecting to recognize in the first quarter. Do you think that would represent a trough or would you expect kind of further erosion as contracts recognize pricing that's already been published?
Patricia Bedient: Well, as prices came down through the fourth quarter and certainly softened into the first quarter, but we would expect that they are pretty much at a bottom at this point, and wouldn't expect further erosion coming out of the quarter.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And would you be seeing any signs that the markets could recover over the next quarter or 2? Or do you think it could stay at this level for a while?
Patricia Bedient: That's really hard to speculate. We usually just limit the guidance to the first quarter in terms of the outlook. But I think, we have, as I said, starting to see some stabilization in that pulp price.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then can you give us a little bit of color, that pickup that you're seeing in housing activity so far this year? Is that any different as across the regions than what you operate or is it pretty broad-based?
Daniel S. Fulton: Could you ask it one more time? I've got a little bit of a bad connection with you.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sorry. The improvement you're seeing in your Homebuilding business so far this year, is that -- any differences in what you're seeing in trend across the various regions or is it pretty universal?
Daniel S. Fulton: Well, it does vary by region. And as I noted in my comments, it's a little bit difficult to extrapolate from 5 weeks. However, I've made a point, a number of years in the past, that we normally don't see a pickup in housing until after the Super Bowl. So it's actually encouraging that we've got some increase in activity during January. We're seeing more strength in the Phoenix market, in the Pacific Northwest. Texas continues to be very strong. We've seen a little bit of softening in the Washington D.C. area, which was stronger during 2011. And in Las Vegas, we're still relatively challenged. We're seeing a bit of a pickup in all of Southern California, with the exception of LA County. So it's a bit mixed, but for the first 5 weeks overall, we're encouraged. That mix will translate to differences in margins as we go forward. So last year, we did have increased sales in all of our markets with the exception of Nevada and California. And California especially is our strong margin market, and so that's some of the mix change that Patty's talking about as she provides an outlook for the first quarter. So we're encouraged and we'll track it through the balance of the quarter and look forward to on the next call being able to update you.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one last super quick question. Patty, can you give a little guidance on the tax rate in the first quarter and for 2012?
Patricia Bedient: Sure. I think the way to think about the tax rate, Gail, is really it's not only just the rate but, it's also the mix of income between the REIT and the TRS. So as you think about our Timberlands business, most of that income is at the REIT, so no tax would be applied to that. And then for the TRS, the income which also would include not only the TRS businesses but also the interest expense, you would think about a tax rate of around 35%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Patty, can you talk -- just following-up on the head tax rate question. Can you give us a little color on tax rate in the fourth quarter?
Patricia Bedient: Sure. As you think about the rate itself, there's a couple of things impacting that fourth quarter. So one, of course, is the mix of income that I just mentioned. We actually also had a special item that we exclude as we talk about our results. So for the full quarter, quarter 4, we actually had a tax benefit of about $10 million. And most of that was a result of the special item of $19 million, tax-affected would be around $7 million or $8 million. So most of that is the result of that additional benefit, that when we talk about our earnings, we exclude as a special item. Then if you think about the mix of income, as I talked about before for the quarter, and this doesn't work exactly perfectly, but if you looked at Chart 1, for example, you'll see that our earnings, pretax earnings before special items was about $160 million. You subtract from that the Timberlands earnings of $70 million and also subtract from it the interest expense of $88 million, and you get just about a push for the quarter. And then also at the fourth quarter, you have a little bit of true up not much running through the quarter. So basically, we ended up with a small benefit of about $3 million from continuing operations.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. Dan, a second question. Just in Wood Products, is there -- are there particular segments in the Wood Products business that you would regard as sort of the biggest challenges for you in getting to cash breakeven? Or is it really just kind of a question of better volume across the whole system?
Daniel S. Fulton: The markets to which our products flow has some impact on this, Mark. So lumber, where we have the broadest set of markets, it certainly flows into new home construction, but it's also runs to the repair and remodel market. And so we are less dependent on single-family new home constructions. Our oriented strand board product is used in new home construction but also some portion of that runs through the repair and remodel market. And then when you go to engineered Wood Products, that has a lot heavier concentration in new home construction. And so our challenges for Engineered Wood Products, which also I would couple that with our distribution business, because there's a good portion of our engineered material that flows through our distribution business is reliant on a recovery in new home construction. And so if you look at our utilization rates across our facilities, they are the lowest in engineered, they are higher in OSB, and then they're the highest in lumber. Lumber also has the benefit of being able to flow to offshore markets, and there's a portion of our Canadian lumber that goes to Japan and recently China. So we will be recovering more quickly in lumber. OSB would follow on, and then I would say our Engineered Wood Products in our distribution. In our Distribution business, we picked up distribution of some third-party specialty products, they bring on some additional margin contribution, and so we're pleased with our progress there. I would say overall, once again, our goal is to get the cash breakeven with the level of starts that we have, but we have a tremendous amount of operating leverage as the market starts to recover. And this business in a recovering housing market will have the benefit of increased cash flow and in ultimately earnings.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I think it actually would be helpful in May when you're out here if we could give a little more color on sort of what the footprint looks like in distribution now because I know you've made some changes over the last several years. Last question I had just on the housing market, you mentioned California being the strongest margin area for you typically. Can you give us some sense of how much of that is a question of just sort of the types of homes you're building, the size of homes, and how much of that might just be from the maybe a little cost land basis in California?
Daniel S. Fulton: It is both, Mark. So California is a big state, and so we have to look at submarkets within California. Our strongest position historically with respect to earnings and margin is San Diego. San Diego, we're now the largest builder. And so we build a higher-end house that has a lot higher price point, and the margins in those homes are much higher in part because of the product that we're building, the neighborhoods in which we're building, and to some extent, our land basis. The lower margin portion of the market would be the Inland Empire, with LA County being about in the middle. So there's a significant impact on our margins overall. If San Diego was strong, and San Diego was stronger in 2011 -- I'm sorry, 2010 as compared to 2011. Now in the first 5 weeks, we're seeing sales up in San Diego, that's a real positive and we've got a strong land position from which to build in San Diego. The other high-margin market for us historically has been the Virginia and Maryland suburbs, Washington D.C. It's also a higher price point in product, and the margins there are fundamentally related to the homes that we're building in the price point rather than a low-land basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Staphos with Merrill Lynch.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just want to continue on WRECO. Dan, as you think about, are there any regions where even if you do like your land basis around the country, where you are perhaps maybe less advantaged or have less ability to flex if, in fact, the market recovers more than you expect? And a related question, if I look back at the fourth quarter, your ratio of closings relative to your backlog coming into the quarter is a little bit higher than it normally would be. It's usually 90%, but a little bit higher than that. Does that have any impact on your ability to grow with the market, at least early on in 2012?
Daniel S. Fulton: Let me first address the question of our land position. As we've talked about this in the past, we have a relatively long land position as compared to many other public builders. And in large part, it's related to our value proposition and the markets in which we operate. So we generally would have a longer land position in a market that is more challenging for entitlements processing, and we have a lighter land position in markets where it's relatively easy to process land or to acquire land. So the extremes for us would be San Diego County, where it may take a decade to get property entitled, and one -- the benefit of that is that, that becomes very valuable property. And it's important to have access to land into markets like that in order to be an effective profitable builder. The other extreme would be Houston, Texas. Houston has no zoning. There's a vibrant land development community there, and historically, we're able to acquire many of our lots on a rolling option basis. And so we won't need a long land position in Houston, and then the other markets fall somewhere in between. In terms of our ability to flex, one of our challenges over the last couple of years has been to redeploy some of our land capital to markets where we may be a little bit land light. We made a conscious decision in Phoenix to sell land that we had impaired earlier in the recession because we were confident that we could obtain the land from others as the market recovered and that has been the case so far. If we had a very strong recovery in the Pacific Northwest, we might find ourselves a bit challenged to flex as much as some other markets. But we're comfortable with our land position as we look out the next 3 to 5 years in our markets, and we do have the ability to flex up in response to increased demand. But it varies by market.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I guess the next question I had. Switching to wood, realizing that hopefully this year, operating leverage will be one of the factors that contributes to your ability to get to cash breakeven. What additional cost benefits do you have, if you will, incrementally already banked for 2012 versus 2011? Or have you realized more or less what cost benefits you had been working on in '10 and '11 within the segment? And what capacity, if we're surprised again to the upside, what capacity -- what in percentage terms could you restart, say within a couple of quarters, within lumber, within OSB to meet the market?
Daniel S. Fulton: We've been engaged in a broad process for over a year to improve performance in this business. As I've discussed it, it includes revenue improvement as well as cost reduction. Some of the cost reduction would come from reduced operating cost and input costs, some would come from increased productivity. We captured some of those improvements in 2011. We have more to come in 2012. And so I can't give you a number as to what we would have "in the bank" for 2012. But we're making good progress and we should expect to see more improvement in 2012. As I look at our operating rates, we operated -- in the fourth quarter, our lumber system at about 75%. OSB was running at 72%, and our Engineered Wood Products were around 30%. So we have much more room to flex it up in our engineered business as the housing market recovers. But we've got plenty of capacity in lumber, in OSB, and we're looking forward to the opportunity to test the margins when we're fully utilizing all of our facilities.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First of all, could you remind us the percentage of your wood that you sell into your facilities? And conversely, how much outside wood your mills are buying?
Daniel S. Fulton: Is this -- this is a question, Steve, around Wood Products or...
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: No. Your Timberlands obviously sell to China and to third parties, and I want to get the sense of how much they're selling to Weyerhaeuser facilities. And then are Weyerhaeuser facilities 30% beholding on your own Timberlands and buying 70% from third parties or I want to get the ratios, please?
Daniel S. Fulton: In each of our businesses, we participate in the outside market, both Timberlands and in our Wood Products facilities as well as Cellulose Fibers. If we think about the Western Timberlands, and these are rough numbers, Steve, about 1/3 of our logs would go to the export market, 1/3 would go to domestic third parties, and about 1/3 would go to our own mills. In the South -- and those numbers will move up and down on a year-over-year basis. In the South, a much higher percentage of our logs historically have flowed to our own facilities. But as I noted in my remarks this morning, we are consciously increasing our sales to third parties from our Southern Timberlands. Last year, that number exceeded 20%. And that's been a good market for us. We're seeing good prices and we are building relationships with third-party customers that we'll be able to continue to serve in 2012.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Terrific. And the other quick question also focused on the Timberlands is we've seen few small deals recently at very good prices where the buyer approached the vendor. Are you open to hit the bid if good offers materialize or would you rather grow your asset base?
Daniel S. Fulton: We are in the market all the time as a prospective buyer. And at the right time and the right place and the right circumstances, we could be a seller. But generally, we're -- and we have routine dispositions of nonstrategic land, that in some cases, are part of 1031 transactions or HBU land. In general, our strategic intent is to grow our Timberlands position. But we are engaged in the market and have exposure to both buyers and sellers...
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Sure. Do you have any 1031s that have to be crystallized in the near future?
Daniel S. Fulton: We always have some in process and -- so I can't talk about specifics. We match up the buy-sell opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: 2 quick questions. First, Patty, working capital was a very big negative swing in Q4, which took free cash a lot lower than I thought. Can you give us a sense of what seasonal pattern we should be expecting, and if there was anything funny in this quarter? And then a quick question for Dan. You talked about the ability to sell land. Would you consider buying a land short builder at this point? Or do you still want to keep your exposure to home building where it is?
Daniel S. Fulton: Patty, you want to address the first question?
Patricia Bedient: Sure. On the working capital, you had a couple of things in the fourth quarter. So typically, our working capital in Wood Products would come down a little bit. In terms of reduced receivables in the quarter, we did have some inventory build in the fourth quarter to take advantage of some markets that new markets, in terms of customers, that we are building in the Wood Products business. The other swing that you had in working capital was in our Cellulose Fibers business, where we had more volume that we sold into the fourth quarter. And so I believe our receivables went up, those would certainly, swaps with the volume that we said would be a little bit lower and a little bit lower prices as well in the first quarter compared to the fourth.
Daniel S. Fulton: And to your second question, Mark, our focus in the Homebuilding business is to grow organically. We like the markets that we're in. We've got strong regional local brands that you're familiar with. And our focus in growing that business will be to flex up with the operations that we have and improve our selling activity and our production in those operations. As you know, today's volume is about 1/3 of what it was at the peak. So we have a great operations and have the capacity to build more as the market begins to recover. If there is a land-light builder out there that need lots, they better be talking to us because we'd be happy to sell lots, assuming we can do so profitably. So it's part of our ongoing business, and it's important for us to have a balance between our land sales and our Homebuilding operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.
Paul C. Quinn - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the plan for 2012 on the outlook, 665,000 starts. That split between single at 455,000 suggests 68% single-family, 32% multi, which is quite a big change from what we saw back in 2005 and '06, and would suggest that future OSB and lumber consumption would be down 10% from that time point. I guess it's more of a question on the future. Do you see this sort of new sort of mix ratios staying at this level going forward? And what is your information in terms of house size and log in OSB consumption?
Daniel S. Fulton: During the recession, we've seen some reduction in average square footage in single-family homes, Paul, maybe 10%. There has been a swing to multifamily during this timeframe. Multifamily market right now is really record low vacancy rates in many markets. And a lot of that I'd attribute to buyer uncertainty more than a shift long term in choice of multi versus single-family. So it's a little bit too early to tell. And as I talked about the numbers for 2011, single-family dropped, multifamily starts were actually up. We have the ability to sell all of our Wood Products into the multifamily market. Multifamily units generally have a lower square footage, on average, roughly 50% of the single-family. The amount of utilization of products varies. In multifamily units, our data would show that if you look at lumber, lumber utilization and the multifamily unit as compared to single-family maybe about 1/3 of what is single would be. OSB about the same ratio. When you move into Engineered Wood Products, our numbers indicate about 60% on average usage per unit, so our strength in Engineered Wood Products will help in the serving any multifamily needs. And I think it's going to take some time through this recovery to see how the ratios between singles and multis actually settle out. I think what we're seeing now is multis being stronger, a lot of fires on the sidelines. My personal view is that as people start to reenter the single-family market, you'll see vacancies rise and multifamily, and people will take advantage of record low-interest rates and low prices for single-family. And that'll be what disburse the recovery in single-family overall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. First, you mentioned in your remarks that you had a higher Japan volume in the first quarter, do you think that's a sign of a larger trend with reconstruction starting to happen more in Japan now, or is that just something that's seasonal for Japan?
Daniel S. Fulton: It's not clear yet, Josh. Our volumes to Japan during 2011 were about equal to what they were in 2010. And that is in light of the disruption that we experienced, and the country experienced during the earthquake and tsunami, so we've seen a pickup in demand from our customers. And so as Patty talked about, the outlook for first quarter, that incorporates the increase in demand we're seeing. It appears that, that is primarily growth of our customers and perhaps their share rather than the rebuilding efforts following the earthquake. The areas that were most severely impacted, I think, are going to take some time to recover, because they have very significant infrastructure needs that need to be addressed. Can't add any more color than that.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: One other sort of housekeeping item. Your deferred income taxes on the balance sheet seems to have dropped very sharply this quarter. Was there anything that was due to, or is that just a onetime funny tax fluctuations?
Patricia Bedient: It's really the booking of the additional liability for pensions. So pensions is the biggest reason for why deferred taxes moved around.
Operator: Your last question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: A couple of quick clarifications. I apologize, you may have said this to Chip's question before. But the pension expense on a booked basis, what's it going to be this year versus last year?
Patricia Bedient: So we said that this is pension and other postretirement benefits both, so they both flow into the same footnote. They're about a little over $80 million in 2011. In 2012, we would anticipate that, that'll be around $115 million. But there will be an amortization of a special item that will offset that $115 million for changes in the retirement benefit plans. So what I said to Chip was that we'll call that out as a special item. It's clear, but that's the change year-over-year.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And is that going to primarily show up on a corporate line or at the segments? And maybe an even easier way to answer, corporate in 2011 was roughly $100 million, is that a decent number to use for 2012 or should we be adding the $35 million increase in pension expense?
Patricia Bedient: Well, we charge to the segments themselves sort of normal service cost. And on Page 4 of the analyst package, we actually give you that breakout of what gets allocated to the business segments versus what stays at corporate. I would expect that the amount that gets allocated to the segments next year will increase a little bit as service cost increases, but the bulk of it would stay in the corporate segment.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And so corporate expense overall, would you expect that to go up a little bit 2012 versus 2011?
Patricia Bedient: It'll be a little bit up for that item. The Corporate segment does move around from quarter-to-quarter. In addition to these expenses, the other things that account for swings quarter-to-quarter or what happens to share-based comp, as well as foreign currency exchange fluctuations so it can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. But sort of as a rule of thumb, I would think about $15 million to $20 million a quarter.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, on the performance on Fibers, I was a little bit surprised with the magnitude of the impact you were expecting from pricing, given that you ship roughly 450,000 tons. The same hand, I was surprised how resilient pricing for you had been in the fourth quarter. And I'm wondering, is that a function of the way your contracts are set up? Are they either quarterly? Do you have a fair bit of annual contracts? How does pricing typically flow through into that business?
Kathryn F. McAuley: Mark, we didn't hear all of the start of your question, I apologize. Could you just rephrase it a little bit, so we can get a better feel for what you're asking?
Patricia Bedient: I think your question was about mix in the fourth quarter or was about pricing in the fourth quarter that was a little stronger than what you have expected?
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then also the magnitude. I think you said about a $45 million impact 1Q versus 4Q, which you should about...
Patricia Bedient: Yes. The $45 million is about -- is a combination of both pulp realizations and slightly lower volume quarter-over-quarter. And in the fourth quarter, you had a little bit higher mix of specialty volume that went to the quarter as well. So there's a little bit of mix in the fourth quarter, and then there's a little less volume in the first quarter compared to the fourth.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Very good. And so there's not much impact from the way your contracts are set up? Do you have much in a way of annual contracts in particular in the pulp business?
Daniel S. Fulton: Longer than annually, for a longer period of time, and they have some adjustments that are built in. But for our long-term customers, we have mutual commitments to keep them supplied. And that's really one of the great strengths of our business is the great longer-term customers that we have that are growing around the globe, and that provides a lot of strength for us in this business.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the allotted time for our Q&A.
Daniel S. Fulton: I'd like to take one minute and thank everybody on the line. We appreciate all of your comments and your questions. As usual, if you have further questions following today's call, I encourage you to follow-up with Kathy McAuley. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning, and thanks for your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser Company.
Patricia Bedient: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Patricia Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Daniel S. Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn today's conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. McAuley, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for this call can be gathered at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statement in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter 2011 net earnings of $157 million, or $0.29 per diluted share, on net sales from continuing operations of $1.6 billion. Earnings for the third quarter include after-tax gains of $91 million from special items. These items include: a benefit of $83 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, related to foreign tax credits; a gain of $32 million, or $0.06 per diluted share, on disposition; a charge of $24 million, or $0.04 per diluted share, for impairments and restructuring in wood products. Excluding these items, the company reported net earnings of $66 million, or $0.12 per diluted share. Please turn to the earnings information package available on our website. This package includes a GAAP reconciliation of special items. In the discussion of the business segments, I will refer to Charts 4 through 10. Chart 4, Changes in Contribution to Earnings by Segment before Special Items. This chart illustrates the change in contribution by business segment from second quarter 2011 to third quarter 2011. My comments reviewing the third quarter refer to changes from the second quarter unless otherwise noted. We begin our business segment discussion of the third quarter with Timberlands, Charts 5 and 6. In the third quarter, Timberlands contributed $62 million to pretax earnings, $50 million less than in Q2. $28 million of the decrease was the result of lower earnings from nonstrategic land sales. Third quarter land dispositions were $4 million compared to $32 million in the second quarter. Average third-party price realizations in the West declined 5%, as a weakening Chinese market exerted downward pressure on domestic and export prices. In the South, average third-party price realizations declined slightly. Fee harvest volumes were flat in the quarter. Volumes were down in the West as the Chinese export market softened. Volumes rose in the South. Costs were seasonally higher. These increases were due to road construction in the West and silviculture spending in the South.  Wood Products, Charts 7 and 8. Continuing operations in wood products lost $43 million, $10 million less than second quarter. Lumber price realizations were flat. Price realizations for OSB and engineered solid section declined slightly. Engineered I-joist price realizations rose slightly. Operating rates in Q3 were flat in lumber, improved in OSB and were slightly lower in engineered wood products. Restructuring and impairment charges were $38 million, primarily related to the permanent closure of 4 previously idled engineered wood product facilities. This was offset by a $5 million gain on the sale of properties. Charges related to the sale of discontinued operations were $13 million in Q3.  Cellulose Fibers, Chart 9. Third quarter cellulose fibers' pretax contribution to earnings was $135 million, $55 million higher than second quarter. Average pulp price sales realizations declined 4%, or $40 per metric ton. Pulp sales volumes were flat. Maintenance cost was lower and pulp production increased 13%. There were no maintenance outages during the third quarter. There were 4 scheduled annual maintenance outages in the second quarter.  Real Estate, Chart 10. Real estate contributed $10 million to pretax earnings, $2 million more than second quarter. Single-family closings increased seasonally from 459 homes in Q2 to 508 homes in Q3. The average price on homes closed during the quarter increased $12,000 to $403,000. This increase was due to mix. Margins on single-family homes closed also increased due to mix.  Corporate and other. Excluding discontinued operations, Corporate and Other was $5 million lower in Q3. Foreign exchange charges, primarily related to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, reduced corporate and other by $18 million. This was partially offset by $7 million of additional gains related to share-based compensation. A decline in the company's stock price during the quarter resulted in a larger mark-to-market adjustment. Discontinued operations included a loss from operations of $4 million and gains of $58 million on the sale of Westwood and properties in the third quarter. Discontinued operations had a charge of $11 million in second quarter.  I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Despite a more challenging macroeconomic environment than we anticipated just 3 months ago, I'm pleased to report that our quarterly performance improved as increased earnings from 3 of our 4 businesses offset an anticipated earnings decline in our Timberlands business. In addition to overall factors affecting the U.S. and world economies, the 2 most significant external factors affecting our quarterly performance are the same as they were last quarter, U.S. housing and China. I'd like to comment on these overall themes first, and then I'll discuss activity in each of our businesses during the quarter. Following my remarks, Patty will provide our business outlook on the fourth quarter, as well as financial comments.  First, let me talk about housing. Three of our 4 businesses, Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate, are impacted in varying degrees by current conditions in the U.S. housing market, which I described in this morning's release as languishing. As we entered 2011, our planning assumption was that U.S. single-family housing starts would total 525,000 for the year, which would have been a modest increase over 2010 construction levels. As we sit here today in late October, we currently estimate that we'll end the year at a level of about 425,000, approximately 20% below that planning assumption. Long-term demographics continue to be compelling, but prospective homebuyers today exhibit little sense of urgency. This is a result of a lack of consumer confidence, continued high unemployment rates, concern about potential downward price risk related to an overhang of foreclosed homes and a desire to maintain employment mobility.  One last factor affecting home sales is interest rates. Because of Chairman Bernanke's statements, the market now expects mortgage rates to remain low for an extended period of time. And while low rates are generally a positive for home sales, the expectation of continued low rates give buyers yet another reason to put off a purchase decision.  Once a purchase agreement has been signed, prospective buyers face an increasingly difficult mortgage underwriting process that causes many motivated and qualified buyers to move back to the sidelines and wait. Our political climate has only added to uncertainty and we see little evidence at this point that conditions will improve before next year's spring selling season.  The glass half-full side of me, nevertheless, sees some good news on the housing front. First, although we generally don't highlight conditions in Canada, housing activity north of the border has been relatively stable at about 185,000 starts for the year. We produce for this healthy housing market through our lumber, OSB and engineered wood products mills, several of which are located in Canada. Our Canadian mills also serve export markets, particularly off the West Coast. Second, although U.S. single-family housing starts are stagnant, multifamily rental construction is relatively strong in response to low vacancy rates and rapidly increasing rents. Rental units are generally smaller than single-family homes. But for the most part, they are wood-frame construction and use the full range of wood products that we produce: lumber, OSB and engineered wood. That's good news for our wood products and our timberlands.  Third, inventory levels of new homes are at an all-time low, so any pickup in new home sales will quickly lead to increased construction activity. Although our forward planning assumptions are based upon today's level of starts, we have the ability to flex all of our operations as markets improve, homebuilding, wood products manufacturing and in the woods.  Let me turn now to China before I provide some specific comments about quarterly performance in each of our business segments. Growth in China affects 3 of our businesses: Timberlands, Wood Products and Cellulose Fibers. We have long-term experience selling products to China. Today, we sell logs, lumber and cellulose fibers to a range of Chinese customers. And although Japan has long been our primary Asian export market, sales to China have increased significantly over the past 24 months. On the last quarter's call, I noted that we were beginning to see some pullback in both price and volume from China. Those early indications of softness were realized in the third quarter as credit tightened and demand slowed. Our view is that the slowdown is temporary, and we expect Chinese demand to return and to continue to grow over the longer term. In the meantime, we should expect a greater level of volatility than in our more traditional markets.  I'll begin my discussion of business and company highlights for the quarter with Timberlands. During the quarter, the impact of slowing Chinese demand led to price declines. Volumes were relatively steady, but the falloff in Chinese log prices had a ripple effect on the entire Western log market. Export activity from our Western timberlands during the quarter was 40% of total volume, a split among Japan, China and Korea. Our ability to access export markets from our Western lands has long been a significant source of revenue and competitive strength and reduces somewhat our reliance on the U.S. housing market. During the quarter, we made some progress towards additional market diversification from our other timberlands. We tested sales of southern yellow pine logs from the U.S. South to Turkey and pine logs from Uruguay to China. These sales pale in significance compared to our long-term West Coast Asian markets, but they're a step in the right direction.  Turning to land transactions. The $28 million quarterly decrease in timberland dispositions, which was due to transaction timing, negatively affected quarter-over-quarter timberland earnings.  Our Minerals business remained a steady performer during the quarter, contributing approximately $15 million. We continue to receive royalties from hard minerals and from our oil and gas properties. These include both our Haynesville gas shale acreage -- shale gas acreage in North Louisiana and bonuses from new leases with shale oil potential in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale play, that crosses Southern Louisiana.  In our Wood Products business, our initiatives to lower costs and improve performance are beginning to show results. Even with weaker market conditions, our EBIT before special items improved $10 million over the quarter and $59 million over the prior year. As we entered the year, I told you that it was my expectation that our Wood Products segment would be cash positive for the year based upon our housing construction forecast. The business was cash negative during the first quarter due to a seasonal buildup in working capital, but we were cash positive in the second quarter and in the third quarter as we continue to reduce working capital. Given the downturn in housing that we've experienced, it is unlikely that we'll meet our cash breakeven objective for the year, but we're making progress, and it continues to be our focus as part of our return to profitability in this segment.  We are pushing all levers available to us to improve our performance in Wood Products, focusing on revenue enhancement, as well as cost reductions. As in our Timberlands business, in Wood Products we continue to find opportunities to diversify our sales outside North America, especially from our Canadian mills. Export represents 38% of our Canadian lumber volume. Japan is our largest export market with over 60% of export sales. Shipments to China have nearly tripled this year.  I noted earlier that we're well positioned in all of our wood products to meet the growing activity in multifamily construction and we're focused on growing share where we have competitive advantage based upon our products and our geography. I'm impatient, but encouraged with our progress. This morning we made the decision to permanently close our 4 previously curtailed engineered wood products facilities: LBL facilities in Albany, Oregon, and Simsboro, Louisiana, and veneer facilities in Pine Hill, Alabama, and Dodson, Louisiana. This is another step in reducing the costs associated with closed facilities that we concluded we will not need in the future based upon the pace of the housing recovery.  In our Real Estate segment, we turned in another profitable quarter on the strength of our single-family operations. During the second half of the year, when we normally have increased closing activity, closings were up 11% over the prior quarter while margins increased slightly due to mix. Although traffic during the quarter declined 27% year-over-year, sales increased 5% as we continued to experience higher conversion rates. Local market conditions are mixed. Our most active markets are Houston and the Maryland and Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C. Our weakest markets are Southern California and Las Vegas.  The most significant indicator of market strength today is employment. To give you a little local flavor, in Phoenix, where single-family permits are down 19% year-over-year, our sales are up 42%. The longer-term good news for Phoenix is that job growth will approach 2% in 2011. And the existing home market is remarkably strong, on track to exceed 95,000 transactions compared with the prior peak of 92,000 in 2006. In Houston, where home prices are stable, new home sales are down 30% from last year, but our sales increased 21%. Similarly, in Washington D.C., new home sales activity is 20% lower than a year ago while our sales are up 23%.  Turning to our Cellulose Fibers segment. We continued to run well and had no planned maintenance downtime. Revenue declined somewhat during the quarter due to price as well as mix. Even with pressure from declining realizations, the overall business result was a significant quarter-over-quarter earnings improvement.  I want to comment on progress on 2 other initiatives in our Cellulose Fibers segment. Both are examples of executing our strategy to grow with key global customers and to make disciplined investments to improve productivity of our mills. In early August, we broke ground on our new modified fiber facility in Gdansk, Poland. Upon completion and estimated start up in early 2013, this facility will convert fluff pulp from our mills in the U.S. South into a proprietary raw material used in diaper manufacturing by a key global customer, supplementing existing production from a similar facility in Columbus, Mississippi. At our Grande Prairie, Alberta, pulp mill, we're generating surplus green electric power from a new generator fueled by a sustainable black liquor, converting an energy expense into energy income.  Lastly, during the quarter, we closed on the sale of our hardwoods operations in our Westwood Shipping Line. The hardwood sale, which closed on August 1, included 7 hardwood mills. Year-to-date, revenues from these operations totaled $220 million and generated a $3 million operating loss. Our Westwood sale closed on September 30. Year-to-date, revenues from this business were $180 million with no earnings. The sale of these noncore businesses allows us to focus on our long-term strategic direction. As I noted last quarter, we'll maintain a relationship with our former associates as hardwoods will continue to be a log customer, and will transport products to our Asian customers on Westwood Shipping Lines. We wish our former associates the best of success with their new owners.  Now I'll ask Patty to discuss our outlook and provide a financial summary, and then I'll have a quick recap before we invite your questions. Patty?
Patricia Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the fourth quarter by business segment is summarized on Chart 11. I'll begin the outlook discussion with timberlands. In our Western operations, we expect lower selling prices for logs as a result of a softening export market, reflecting the backup of log inventories into China. Fee harvest volumes are also projected to be lower. In the South, we anticipate that selling prices and fee harvest volumes will be flat, as those markets did not experience the same price increases earlier in the year as did the West. We expect growth costs and silvicultural costs to increase seasonally. Excluding the effect of nonstrategic land sales, we expect that earnings in our Timberlands segment will be lower than the third quarter. Earnings from nonstrategic land sales will increase from the very low third quarter level.  Our Wood Products business is entering what is traditionally its slowest quarter of the year. Average sales realizations are expected to decrease for both lumber and OSB, as is typical of the seasonal slowdown in the housing market. Sales realizations for engineered wood products will likely be flat. Sale volumes across all product lines are projected to be lower. We expect additional production curtailments as we match supply with demand and incur the traditional holiday downtime, especially in our lumber system. As a result, per unit manufacturing costs are expected to increase throughout our product lines although log costs should be flat to slightly down. Overall, we anticipate the loss in our Wood Products business to increase in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of this year. However, we expect that it will be less than the fourth quarter of last year, reflecting the improvements we're making in the business, as Dan described.  In our Cellulose Fibers segment, global softwood pulp demand is weakening as a result of the high level of industry inventories and global economic uncertainty. We expect prices to soften in the fourth quarter, offset by slightly higher shipment volumes. Costs are likely to be somewhat higher for fiber, chemicals and energy due to seasonal increases. We will not have any annual maintenance shutdowns as we completed our scheduled maintenance in the first half of this year. Overall, earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment should be slightly lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third. And we expect to generate another record year of earnings in this segment.  In our Real Estate segment, home closings are anticipated to increase over the third quarter. The fourth quarter is traditionally our strongest quarter for closings in our single-family homebuilding business. We expect approximately 600 closings compared to 508 last quarter. Prices will likely be lower, offset by slightly higher margins due to mix. Earnings in our single-family homebuilding business should be higher in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. In addition, we do have some land parcels for sale that have the potential to close in the fourth quarter. However, there are none of significance under contract at this time.  One of our WRECO subsidiaries is a minority party to litigation relating to a joint venture in Nevada known as South Edge. A reserve for this litigation of approximately $38 million was recorded in 2008. A plan of reorganization was approved a few days ago, and we expect to make a payment of approximately $30 million in November in settlement of the litigation.  Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments starting with a special tax benefit booked in the third quarter. During the third quarter, we made the decision to dividend earnings from our Canadian subsidiary to the United States. This decision triggered our ability to recognize a tax benefit for the difference between the net amount of taxes paid in previous years in Canada, which is allowed as a foreign tax credit in the United States, and the U.S. taxes due as a result of the dividend. Given our mix of taxable income in 2011, we will carry this benefit forward and anticipate utilizing the credit over the next 3 to 5 years. The full amount of the benefit of $83 million was recognized as a special item in the third quarter. We ended the third quarter with cash of $971 million, an increase of approximately $90 million. Cash flow from operations was $117 million, and cash from the sale of assets was $157 million, primarily resulting from the sale of our hardwoods and shipping operations.  During the quarter, we invested $66 million in capital expenditures, which brings our total expenditures through the third quarter to $159 million. We expect to spend approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter, which is in line with our earlier guidance of $250 million to $270 million for the full year. We paid $81 million in dividends and repurchased just under 1.8 million shares of our stock for approximately $29 million, at an average price of $16.41 a share. Approximately $5 million of the cash settled after the end of the quarter. These purchases helped offset the dilution from stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock that took place earlier in the year. We did not have any debt repayments in the third quarter, and we have no further debt due until next year. Earlier this month, we did repurchase approximately 12.5 million of medium-term notes due next year for less than their face value. During the fourth quarter, we will contribute approximately $60 million to our Canadian qualified pension plans.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Although the fourth quarter is our seasonally weakest quarter, as reflected in Patty's guidance, we have made significant improvement throughout the year. We're not satisfied with our level of performance, and every business is focused on improving results in today's market. That means getting the right facility set, controlling costs and growing the top line. This morning, you've heard examples of actions and the results in each of these areas, and I look forward to sharing continuing progress in future quarters. And now we welcome your questions.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Ashley, would you please open the floor for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions on the progress that you still have ahead of you, Dan. You've done a nice job on SG&A, both sequentially and year-on-year. I think SG&A is down $26 million versus the year ago quarter. Wood products are nearing breakeven EBITDA right now, forgetting about the working capital source of cash. As we think about what is possible and if we hold the current environment constant, what further progress do you think you can make on either of those line items over the next 2 to 4 quarters, say?
Daniel S. Fulton: As I remind ourselves internally and I remind you, our focus is to improve operations at today's level of starts. We continue to be optimistic and bullish about long-term recovery, but our experience has shown over the last couple of years that we need to live with today's level of activity. And so that's been our focus. We have, as you noted, continued to bring down our SG&A cost. That continues to be an ongoing focus. And in our Wood Products business, our focus has been on, first of all, moving to cash-positive and then earnings-positive range. And in the Wood Products business, that takes both cost management but also top line growth. So just a couple of comments on SG&A. We made progress on SG&A as we continued to make decisions such as the sale of our shipping business and our hardwood operations that we concluded in the quarter. That allows us to focus on our ongoing operations. It does leave us with some overhead that we need to address that have supported those businesses but we've made great progress over the last several years in working down legacy costs and bringing down overall headcount across the company to become more efficient in everything that we do. In our Wood Products operations, our focus across the entire system is to bring down operating costs, and that includes manufacturing, where we need and have made progress in improving the operating efficiency and utilization of our facilities. That is, in part, related to the decision that we made during the quarter to permanently shut down these 4 facilities. We believe that we can move forward in the housing environment that we have with the facility set that we have in place. And then we have a number of initiatives to grow top line. Some of that comes from increasing markets offshore, as we discussed this morning. And some of it comes from finding opportunities where we have perhaps pricing power, where we have the ability to increase share based upon the products that we manufacture, based upon the location of our operating facilities where we may be logistically advantaged to serve some markets. And as we look at the Homebuilding business focused more on mid-size and smaller builders where we can provide products efficiently and cost effectively. We're also increasing some activity in repair and remodel market, and going back into some locations where we have not been active, where we have products that customers would like to sell and where we have an advantaged situation relative to our own manufacturing operations. So it's an ongoing effort, one where as I said this morning, I'm somewhat impatient but we're making progress and it continues to be a focus and will continue to be one. This is not a process where we get to a certain point and quit. This is an ongoing effort to improve our cost effectiveness and competitiveness, and I'm encouraged with the progress that we're making.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe one follow-on and one additional question, and I'll turn it over. Given the fact that you may have some unabsorbed overhead, if I heard you correctly, might we see some temporary lull in your ability to reduce SG&A, either in aggregate or within wood products? Or do you expect the trend, without citing it in dollar terms, to continue to be positive on a sequential and year-on-year basis?
Daniel S. Fulton: The trend should be -- should continue to be positive, George. I can't give you numbers and you're letting me off the hook on that one. I appreciate that. But it's going to be an ongoing effort. And every time we make some changes, we find more opportunities. So I'm encouraged that the organization is involved in a number of efforts in order to both reduce costs, but it -- also I would -- I would re-emphasize growing top line is equally important.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Quickly just on Chart 1, if I look at the detail there, I can come up with effectively an operating pretax of about $54 million. And I can come up with an operating income tax when I strip out the gain of about $8 million. And when I add those 2 together, I get to your EPS. Considering how much earnings were contributed from Cellulose Fibers, I was just curious why you actually had a benefit in the quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Yes, George, we did have a tax benefit in the quarter.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But the question, Pat, I guess, is why considering how Cellulose Fibers was such a big piece of it, of the earnings?
Patricia Bedient: Well, I think the tax benefit is a function of 2 things. One, it's -- what happens in the quarter, as well as truing up the year-to-date effective rate. And maybe the way to think about the tax rate, it's a benefit of about 20% after you strip out the discrete items. So if you were to look, for example, on the analyst package, the first page that shows the consolidated statement of operations, you would see that year-to-date we have earnings of $202 million. That's the earnings from continuing operations before income taxes. So from that, take out -- we have 3 discrete items this year. The first one would be the large timberland sale. That was in the first quarter for $152 million. And then you would add back the second discrete item, which is the $26 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt. And then you would compare that to what we actually booked for income taxes, which is right below the $202 million, which is the $52 million. And that $52 million benefit, you would have to add back the third discrete item, which was the foreign tax credit. So it's the $52 million, take out the foreign tax credit benefit, take out the Willapa sale -- the timberland sale, and then also the effect of the debt extinguishment, and you'd get $15 million. So our effective rate -- benefit rate through the third quarter and for the year is just under 20% once you strip out those items. It's really a function of the year-to-date rate plus the discrete items that are in the year-to-date and truing it up. If you need -- if you want more detail, certainly give us a call after the call's over and be happy to walk you through it.
George L. Staphos - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, it was more directional.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was wondering, Dan, in light of your comments about a poor outlook going into 2012 and it sounds like the consensus. If you can tell us a little bit more about how inventories and log decks are looking going into that year, and how tight things would be even if we got a modest improvement right now?
Daniel S. Fulton: I'm sorry, Josh, could you repeat the question one time, please?
Joshua A. Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, I mean, in light of your comments about nobody really expecting much from building season, this upcoming spring, where do you see log decks and overall lumber inventories being? So that if we got some modicum of recovery going into the year, how much slack do you think there is in the supply chain today to respond to that?
Daniel S. Fulton: I really can't respond to overall supply chain slack. I think you highlight an issue, which is in the industry, people are cautious. We see these housing starts at relatively anemic levels. And so the concern that you raise is if we see a pickup, and when we see a pickup in the spring, do we have the ability to respond? We've had good weather this year and so log inventories should not be a problem in most areas. I think we, as well as others, are very careful in managing inventories of finished product. And the supply chain has shrunk during this entire recession. If you think about the supply chain from the manufacturers to the distributor and ultimately to the builders, we've had shrinkage in the distribution chain. Most distributors are managing their inventories much more tightly. And so as the market begins to recover, I think there'll be tension, and it'll tighten up relatively quickly. I do think the industry does have the ability to respond at a range that is likely to occur. I don't see a huge snapback in demand in the first quarter just because I think we would expect to see some seasonal improvement, unless there were some major public policy changes. I believe that the system will respond appropriately. Builders have the ability to put houses on the ground if they have sales. But I wouldn't expect a lot of speculative inventory, and I think that the recovery will happen in a measured basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You discussed weaker Chinese demand in the quarter and your view that, that slowdown is temporary. I'm just wondering, are you seeing any buying or inventory trends in September or October that is kind of boosting that view? Or is that more kind of a general view based on longer-term trends? And then maybe to the extent that you can, if you can talk about how you would expect Chinese demand to go from 3Q to 4Q, granted that there's a kind of a seasonal slowdown there?
Daniel S. Fulton: We started to see a slowdown in China at the end of the second quarter. And we commented on our last call and as I commented this morning, that played out during the third quarter. Our volumes to China were relatively unchanged in the third quarter, but would expect that there'd be some falloff in fourth quarter. Most of the slowdown has shown up in pricing. And the evidence is, if there's a buildup of inventory in China, some of that is seasonal. Some of it clearly is caused by a tightening of credit in China that has slowed construction. There are some concerns that have been raised about overbuilding in the real estate market. We have to remind ourselves that the wood products and the logs that are being converted are not going into wood frame construction. They're used for industrial purposes, but they are used for construction forms, as well as pallets and packing. Long term, our view is that China is going to continue to grow. It's going to maintain its steady urbanization, and there would be like a continued demand for wood products coming out of North America. North America should realize its share as compared to other sources, which could be New Zealand, Russia, even Scandinavia. But we've been very encouraged by the pickup over the last couple of years. We view the current slowdown to be somewhat temporary, and we're bullish long term.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. And then just turning to the U.S. side, just following up on the growth in multifamily homes, can you give us a rough sense of how much maybe less lumber and wood products a typical multifamily home would use than a single-family homes? Is it 20% less, or 30% less?
Daniel S. Fulton: First of all, we have to be somewhat cautious when we talk about multifamily. So when we see multifamily statistics, they would include both for-sale housing that's attached as well as rental housing. We happen to be a builder of some for-sale multifamily, and they would be townhomes in a market like Washington D.C. But the significant change in activity that I was referring to this morning was multifamily rental. That -- in this country, that's generally low-rise. It is generally built with wood- =frame material. There's a different mix of product that are used in multifamily units. First of all, the square footage for your average multifamily unit is smaller than a detached unit. There is a higher percentage of engineered wood products and especially engineered lumber that go into a multifamily unit. That favors Weyerhaeuser Company because of our significant presence in the engineered business. And then there are also uses of OSB. OSB is primarily used in flooring, more than wall sheathing in multifamily. So you have to actually drill down into the individual products, lumber, engineered wood products and OSB, in order to establish a relative range. I can use a rough number, but it is not exact because it does vary. But roughly, the square footage of a multifamily rental unit's about half the square footage of a single-family detached unit. And I think you can roughly apply that 50% factor across the wood products consumption, but it would vary dramatically by wood product type.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess just looking out to 2012, pulp markets seem to have come off fairly hard, so it's hard to see how they might get -- be a lot better. I guess there's some question about whether the export markets would be better than they were in 2011. I'm just wondering, can you foresee within your other operations an ability to kind of offset that type of decline next year within Wood Products, Timberlands, WRECO?
Daniel S. Fulton: We're not at a point of where we're able to make a forecast for next year's operations, Gail. And at this point, we have seen softness, as you note, in pricing for cellulose fibers products. We've talked directionally about our Wood Products business and the path that we're on to return to cash breakeven and to profitability. We don't yet have a forecast that we're ready to share for planning purposes on what we're assuming for housing starts next year. I'd like to do that the next time we get together on a call because I think it's helpful to you to understand our planning process and what we're thinking. As I noted, we went into this year and we told you that we were planning on 525,000 single-family starts. We didn't see it, but that enters into our thought process, and each of our businesses are making assumptions based upon the factors that impact them. Single-family housing starts is a big one, but also as we look at our cellulose fibers market, we're looking at global demand, not just North America, but Asia and Europe. And so it's a little bit too early for us to give you guidance for 2012, but when we get together next quarter we'll talk about our view of housing starts and how we believe that plays out and also our sense of the cellulose fibers markets.
Gail S. Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one other one on capital allocation. I mean, given the lack of recovery we've seen to date in U.S. housing, you guys have been pretty active doing lots of little things here and there, buying back debt, you've got a little bit land, you've bought back some shares. Can you just help us think of your policy and just how you plan to allocate capital moving forward given the continued challenges in housing?
Daniel S. Fulton: We continue to be cautious as we gauge the pace of recovery for housing. And our focus in most of our capital spend over the last several years has been reforestation and silvicultural costs to maintain the quality and sustainability of our timberlands. We have continued to invest in capital-effective projects in our Cellulose Fibers business with the goal of driving down production costs, increasing productivity from our existing mills. And that's why I gave an example this morning of what we've just done in Grand Prairie. And we've talked on earlier calls about a longer-term initiative in our Cellulose Fibers business to be stretching out our planned routine maintenance from a 12-month schedule to an 18-month schedule. And so we seek high-ROI projects with relatively quick payback that have the benefit of increasing productivity, and also they improve our environmental footprint. We've been spending a minimal amount as necessary for safety and environmental compliance on our wood products facilities. And we've been cautious in our Real Estate business because we already have a large plan position and we're well positioned to take advantage of a recovery in real estate. So we're relatively well situated, as Patty said in her remarks. We've bought in a little bit of stock. We thought that, that was an appropriate use of cash during the quarter. And we'll continue to evaluate capital allocation on a go-forward basis strategically. The one business that we've talked before about long-term intent to grow is our Timberlands business. And so that will play into some of our thinking in the future when we look at how we allocate capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Patty, is it possible to get a sense of sort of the order of magnitude that we might see in the fourth quarter on those nonstrategic timberland sales?
Patricia Bedient: Well, Mark, they are lumpy. We had, I think, earnings of $4 million in the third quarter, and they were down $28 million. I don't think they'll be as big as they were in the second quarter, but significantly greater than where they were in the third quarter.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So if we used something in the sort of $15 million to $20 million as just a placeholder, that would probably get us at least in the stadium?
Patricia Bedient: You'd be in the ZIP code.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, all right, sounds good. Another timberland question I had, I just -- in looking at a year-over-year comparison, your log realizations for the most part are up nicely as are your harvest volumes, yet your EBIT on a year-over-year basis is down. Is that just a timberland sale issue? Or is there something else going on?
Daniel S. Fulton: I'd have to do a little bit of research on that one, Mark, because I'm not relating to your comment. Realizations have risen in the West. They've been relatively flat in the South. Volumes can be a little bit misleading in the South because we've got more commercial thinning happening, and the commercial thinning obviously brings a lower realization than log sales. So I think I want to get back to you on that particular issue. We'll provide more detail.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right, that's -- what I'm pointing to is just kind of -- it went from $75 million down to $62 million, yet it looks like the third-party log sales are up somewhere in the range of about 25%, as are prices. So I'm just trying to understand what else I might be missing there. Dan, one other question on timberland, if I could. I just -- I noticed that the realizations that you get down in South America are about half of what you get in the Southern U.S. on a per cubic meter basis. Is that a mix question? Or is that just the fact that we don't have kind of developed markets down there in the way we do in the Southern U.S.?
Daniel S. Fulton: We have less-developed markets, and we have less mature timber. It's primarily the timber itself, Mark, because we're still growing out that forest. We are converting some of that in our plywood mill. As I noted, we are finding some opportunities -- limited opportunities to export, but it is more a function of the age and maturity of our timberland in South America.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the last question I had, you really have made great progress in improving wood products, but as you noted, you're still burning cash. Is it possible to give us some idea of just the particular areas within wood products that are drawing most of your attention right now as you try to improve performance further?
Daniel S. Fulton: We are engaged in -- we're engaged in initiatives in every single one of our product lines, lumber, oriented strand board, our engineered wood products, as well as our distribution. And so we are focused on driving down costs. Some of that comes from increased facility utilization, and we've made progress there. And then growing the top line, as I mentioned, going into some new markets. And there's also some improvement that we've made even in just increased realizations in existing markets, as we understand our opportunity to price appropriately given our competitive advantage. So we have a tremendous number of initiatives across the entire organization, both on cost reduction, operating efficiency improvement and top line growth. And our goal is that they all come together, bring us back to cash positive but more importantly, return to profitability in this business. And we're doing this in an environment with incredibly challenged level of housing starts. And so the organization is responding well.
Patricia Bedient: Mark, this is Patty. As I think about your question about timberlands, I think there are probably 2 primary things affecting that comparison that you went through. One would be the nonstrategic land sales, which I think, if you compared the third quarter to date of this year and last year, are down about $25 million.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's the issue.
Patricia Bedient: And then the other would be also some cost increases, primarily in the way of diesel fuel, which ran up, as you'll recall, pretty significantly earlier in the year. So I think the combination of those 2 would pretty much get you where you -- in your analysis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Wanted to first ask Patty about the buyback in this quarter. We haven't seen you buy back stocks certainly in the last 1.5 years or so. And is that just merely planned to offset some of the options exercises we saw this year? Or is there something more to it?
Patricia Bedient: Well, Chip, it might be good just to step back from our overall share repurchase and just recap for a minute where we are on our authorization. So as you said, when we came into the quarter, we did have an existing authorization that really dated back to 2008 for about $250 million. And we'd only used a small of that authorization in prior years. Earlier in the quarter, we purchased about $20 million of shares under that authorization. And when we came into the August board meeting, we terminated that authorization and replaced it with a new authorization for $250 million and then purchased $9 million under that authorization in the quarter. So at the end of the quarter, we had a remaining authorization of about 241 million. So as we looked at uses of cash, we do believe that share repurchase is an important tool for returning cash to shareholders. And as we've said in the past, we'll utilize that share repurchase on an opportunistic basis. And given the fact that the stock price during the quarter had fallen and that we had received cash for the option -- stock option exercises earlier in this year of just a little over $30 million, we believe that, that share repurchase was a good value for shareholders. I wouldn't want to speculate on the amount or timing of what we would do in the future other than to say that we will continue to use that tool opportunistically where we can create additional value.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: That's great to know. And secondly for Dan, just as you look at your house -- your markets where you build homes and just your intelligence since you guys are on the ground in so many places, we're hearing that rents are going up even where there's not a lot of job creation because people just can't afford down payments. And in that spirit, are you -- or in that vein, are you seeing new projects for multifamily construction in some of these areas where you're seeing an almost shortage of rental property with people not being able to afford down payments and needing a place to live?
Daniel S. Fulton: The rental market is relatively strong across the country, and it's very strong in certain major metro areas. And it's a function, Chip, I believe, of a couple of things. One is some challenges in purchasing. But I think more importantly, the points that I summarized on -- in my comments this morning, I think that people are sitting on the sidelines, waiting for the signal that it's okay to go back into the home purchase market. And so there is some concern overall about consumer confidence. There's some concern in some markets about employment. I think this mobility issue is a big one where people want to maintain their -- the ability to be mobile and to take a job in a different neighborhood or a different metro area if that's what it takes. The mortgage qualification process is much more difficult than it has been even over the last 2 to 3 years. Appraisals are a challenge. Down payments are a challenge. And I think that, that's an area where we have to address some public policy issues in order to break loose a bit of activity in the system. Rents are high. In many markets, it is cheaper to own than to rent. And so people are making a choice to maintain, in effect, an option by renting before they come back into the market. We do have land that we sell to multifamily developers in some locations. So we are not an apartment builder, but where we have a multifamily land, that's been a benefit because we can sell to institutional developers of multifamily property and participate in that market. It's also putting some pressure on labor costs because we are seeing construction labor flow to multifamily projects.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: And just real, real quickly, I know that FHA loans, you can get, with like 3% to 5% down. And you think of a -- let's just be practical [ph], a $200,000 home, and you need $10,000 down. After 3 or 4 years, if you've been able to keep your job, it would seem like you've got enough money for a down payment. Am I missing something? Do the houses you sell, do they not qualify for these FHA loans? Do you have to have the bigger down payments? Or maybe you could just give us a little color on that because we could be on the verge of a turn if we've seen a number of people save up the last 3 or 4 years.
Daniel S. Fulton: We're going to put you in one of our sales offices, Chip. Because you have a compelling value proposition. And we do sell to some buyers that use FHA financing. The challenge, quite frankly, is not the down payment. The challenge is the credit underwriting process that has become overly burdensome. And then there's a problem with appraisals because we have changed the appraisal process. It's a much more difficult one. And in some markets, the challenge is you have a willing buyer and seller for a new home, they agree on a price but the house won't appraise for that price because the appraisal includes comparables that may be foreclosures in the same metro area although that buyer wouldn't want to buy that foreclosed home. So that's one of the things that is an impediment in the system today and needs to break loose. And I think that, to some extent, the buying public is looking for the green light to go on to say it's okay to go back in and start purchasing. And what we have seen in some markets is investors coming in from offshore that are purchasing multifamily units. And I think that's perhaps flight capital or capital that is attracted to current market opportunities because prices are significantly lower than they were at the peak.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: 2 quick questions on cellulose fibers. First, I know that first half of this year, I think you had about $80 million of downtime costs and then nothing in the second half. You talked about trying to change the downtime schedules going forward. Are we going to have less than $80 million in downtime costs, maintenance downtime costs, in 2012? That's the first question.
Daniel S. Fulton: We are on a longer-term path of stretching out our scheduled downtime, as we had talked before, from 12 months to 18 months. That process will take about 4 years to completely accomplish. And part of it is we have entered into some capital projects that will allow us to operate safely for longer periods of time. There's also certification processes that need to take place for those individual mills. And so 2012 and 2013 will be bridge years where we will start to stretch out the time frame on a mill-by-mill basis. It's probably a little bit early to be giving your guidance for 2012, but I wouldn't expect that you'd see anything significantly different in 2012 as compared to 2011. This is a longer-term process that we have a lot of confidence in, but we need to do it safely.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, understood. And then -- and secondly, I guess I was somewhat pleasantly surprised that in the pulp business you thought that profits would hold up pretty well 4Q v 3Q, given that there has been some erosion in pricing. And I guess I was just trying to understand whether there's some lag that happens in the way the contracts are set up so that some of the price's duration [ph] shows up a little later as opposed to in the immediate. Is that what's going on? Or is it just that the fluff pulp really has been holding much more stable?
Daniel S. Fulton: Fluff pulp has been more stable than NBSK. And we have a mix of products, the primary one of which is fluff, and it's going to our large customers. So there is a bit of a lag, Mark. Fluff prices have come off their peaks. They haven't suffered as much as NBSK. And we are expecting a pickup of some of our specialty fibers in the fourth quarter. So generally, the -- we, in Patty's comments -- I mean, we talked about earnings being slightly lower as we look forward to the fourth quarter. And we'll have to see that play out.
Patricia Bedient: Mark, I think there is some softening in the quarter, but as I also said, we will have some -- a little bit higher shipment volume in the fourth quarter compared to the third as well. So those 2 are offsetting each other.
Mark A. Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And so basically, there's not a significant lag effect to be thinking about for the first quarter?
Daniel S. Fulton: No.
Patricia Bedient: No.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Joshua Zaret of Longbow Research.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: 2 quickies. First, I would like to get an explanation in wood products of what seems like an unusual sequential quarterly trend in shipments between softwood lumber, which was down about 3%, and OSB, which was up about 10%. So a diverging trend. And when you add to that, I'm really curious because the OSB is -- the volume was 28% above a year ago, and I'm wondering if there's anything pushing that up like hurricanes or something that we should deduct as we go forward to the fourth quarter.
Daniel S. Fulton: Josh, softwood lumber is trending down. That's a seasonal factor related to construction during the fourth quarter. As we look at our OSB business, we've got 2 year-over-year changes as we would look back at last year. Number one, we reopened late last year our facility at Hudson Bay, Saskatchewan. We saw very little volume coming out of that in even late fourth quarter as we brought that mill online, and that had been shut down for a couple of years. It is still not operating fully given market recovery, but there is year-over-year volume coming out of Hudson Bay that you didn't see last year. And then we have a oriented strand mill at Grayling, Michigan, and we've increased production there. We're operating 24/7 because we've got good demand out of that geographic region.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: So that's a fair level, the 549, that -- relative to demand for the third -- as you see it for the third quarter?
Daniel S. Fulton: Can you repeat your question?
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: In other words, there's nothing unusual in that 549 relative to demand. I mean, you brought your -- housing's done nothing. You brought your demand up quite substantially year-over-year and even quarter-over-quarter.
Daniel S. Fulton: Right. There's nothing in terms of overall market demand, but we have increased production in those 2 facilities, number one, in Grayling, Michigan, because we have opportunities to sell more product. So if you think about my general comments on wood products, we're working on driving costs down, but we're also looking for opportunities to increase top line. Where we have a product that's competitive, where we have logistical advantage, we're taking advantage of that. And so we've increased production and increased sales. And then the Hudson Bay mill will be brought back online, so we've got increased production this year that we didn't have last year. That's a mill that we hope to see increase production over time. We're going through a process now in certification for the Japanese market that creates some additional opportunity that perhaps could come out of Hudson Bay, but it's too early to talk about specifics.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then the second quick question. In timberlands, the margin for the segment really took a dive to 23%. It's typically in the 30% to 40%. Can you confirm that, that's overwhelmingly due to the less nonstrategic timberland sales and not to the other cost issues that you have mentioned?
Daniel S. Fulton: There have been slightly higher costs. Some of that is related to fuel. There was a drop in realizations, modest -- just because in the West as we talked about the Chinese market slowing down and the impact on pricing. And then the big factor in the quarter was the land dispositions.
Joshua L. Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Would the land -- the land -- I mean, the lack of land dispositions for the -- this quarter. But would that be the biggest factor, the lack of land sales in driving that down? Or would it be...
Daniel S. Fulton: That was the biggest factor in the quarter. Okay. So I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We always appreciate your comments and your questions. We invite you to follow up after the call with Kathy McAuley and she'll be able to answer follow-on questions. And we appreciate you having joined us this morning, and look forward to talking to you in the new year. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Patricia Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathryn McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Chip Dillon - Citigroup Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG George Staphos Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sylvia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Ms. Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release, analyst package and web slides for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statement in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported Q2 2011 net earnings of $10 million or $0.02 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Second quarter earnings include after-tax charges of $22 million for special items, $16 million for loss on the early extinguishment of debt and an impairment charge of $6 million for the expected sale of the Hardwoods business.  The company's cash balance decreased $582 million primarily due to debt repayment. At the end of the second quarter, Weyerhaeuser's cash and cash equivalents was $181 million (sic) [$881 million].  Please turn to the earnings information package available on our website. This package includes the GAAP reconciliation of special items. In our discussion of the business segments, we will refer to Charts 4 through 10.  Chart 4, changes in contribution to earnings by segment before special items. This chart illustrates the change in contribution by business segments from first quarter 2011 to second quarter 2011. My comments reviewing the second quarter refer to changes from first quarter unless otherwise noted.  We begin our business segment discussion of the second quarter with Timberlands, Charts 5 and 6. In the second quarter, Timberlands contributed $112 million to pre-tax earnings, $23 million more than first quarter. Pre-tax earnings of -- were $89 million in the first quarter before special items. Average third-party price realizations rose 9% in the West, driven by Chinese demand. Southern third-party price realizations were flat in the quarter.  Fee harvest volumes increased 8%. This increase was in part due to Chinese demand for logs. Export volume increased 31% from first quarter. Costs were higher in the West due to roads and diesel. Higher diesel cost also affected the South. Nonstrategic land dispositions were $34 million in second quarter.  Wood Products, Charts 7 and 8. Excluding a $9 million charge for the expected sale of the Hardwoods business, the Wood Products loss widened by $16 million in the second quarter to a loss of $52 million. In Q1, Wood Products lost $36 million.  Lumber price realizations declined 5% or $14 per thousand board feet. Oriented strand board prices fell 7% or $14 per thousand square feet. TJI sales realizations were 1% lower than last quarter, and solid section realizations were 3% higher. Sales volumes increased across all product lines except plywood, partially offsetting lower selling prices and higher cost.  Cellulose Fibers, Chart 9. Cellulose Fibers contributed $80 million to pre-tax earnings in Q2. This was $6 million less than Q1 pre-tax earnings of $86 million. There were 4 scheduled maintenance outages in the quarter compared with the 2 in the first quarter. The annual mill maintenance schedule has been completed for the year. Maintenance costs were $18 million higher due to the annual outages, and pulp production was 6% lower. Pulp price realizations increased $48 per air-dried metric ton or 5%. Pulp sales volume decreased 2% due to weakening demand from China.  Real Estate, Chart 10. Second quarter pre-tax earnings for WRECO was $8 million, a $9 million increase in the contribution to earnings. In the first quarter, WRECO had a pre-tax loss of $1 million. Closings of single-family homes seasonally increased 26% from 363 units in the first quarter to 459 units in the second quarter. However, closings declined 27% from the year ago quarter. Last year's second quarter benefited from the housing tax credits.  Average single-family prices declined 7% from $419,000 to $391,000 due to mix. Gross margins increased to 22.4% from 21.7% in the first quarter. The backlog of single-family homes sold but not closed increased to 673 homes.  And finally, Corporate and Other. Before special items, Corporate and Other contributed $19 million more to earnings in Q2. Corporate and Other includes net pre-tax charges of $11 million related to discontinued operations. This includes operating earnings of $2 million for Westwood Shipping Lines and charges of $13 million for other discontinued operations, primarily in environmental remediation reserve for a previously divested facility.  I would now like to turn the call over to Dan Fulton.
Patricia Bedient: Dan, before you start, this is Patty. I just want to make one clarification to Kathy's comments on the cash balance. It sounded like she said $181 million. She meant to say $881 million. The cash decrease of $582 million for the quarter was correct. The cash balance at the end of the quarter is $881 million. Okay, Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Thanks for that correction. Thanks, Kathy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Despite continued weakness in U.S. housing and the overall U.S. economy, we continue to make progress against our goal of delivering superior sustainable returns for our shareholders.  In addition to focusing on improving operating performance, we took steps in the quarter that strengthened our balance sheet and liquidity and announced 2 divestments of nonstrategic assets. Our overall financial performance is not where it needs to be, and we remain focused on those variables we can control to improve performance in today's difficult markets.  In my remarks this morning, I want to provide some context related to broader macroeconomic conditions that affect our results, in particular U.S. housing conditions and demand from China. Then I'll discuss highlights of our quarterly progress in each business segment and key strategic goals before turning to Patty, who will cover our outlook for the third quarter plus financial comments.  Conditions in the U.S. housing market continue to be weak. Growth in GDP, employment and consumer confidence are all necessary for a housing recovery, and unfortunately, we saw little progress during the quarter on any of those indicators.  GDP growth was less than 2% for the quarter, slightly worse than the first quarter and weaker than expected. Employment growth has stalled as evidenced by the recent June figures of over 9% unemployment. Consumer confidence remains weak, affected by high unemployment, increasing gas and food prices and the budget deficit debate.  Facing these headwinds, we find ourselves in a housing market that is no better than last year's very weak market. In light of continued sluggish conditions, 2011 estimates for single-family starts have decreased to fewer than 500,000, and forecasters are now pushing the beginning of the housing recovery out to 2012.  Although we faced challenging near-term market conditions, we continue to be bullish on housing demand over the longer term as the U.S. returns to trend demand levels. We're well positioned to take full advantage of the housing recovery in the U.S. as well as to build on our unique strengths to participate in the growth of global markets.  As I've discussed before, Asia has long been an important market for Weyerhaeuser's Timberlands, Cellulose Fibers and Wood Products businesses. China's recent dramatic growth makes this market even more attractive to us.  Last quarter, we discussed the positive effect of strong Chinese demand on our first quarter results, particularly in our Timberlands and Cellulose Fibers segments. Demand from China continued to be an important force in the markets early in the second quarter, but late in the quarter, there was a noticeable reduction in both price and volume. Some of this change shows up in our second quarter results and will affect our outlook for the third quarter.  Despite this recent pullback, overall demand is still higher than a year ago, and we believe China will continue to be an important growing, long-term market for our products.  Let me now turn to a discussion of business and company highlights for the quarter. Earnings from our Timberlands segment were stronger than anticipated as we took full advantage of the opportunity presented by strong demand from Asia. Harvest volume and prices were up from Q1 in response to strong export markets off the West Coast. Our logistically advantaged Western Timberlands allowed us to capitalize on these strong market conditions, resulting in a 31% increase in export volume from Q1.  During the quarter, the Chinese share of our export volume increased to 26% compared to 15% one year ago. Although we are now seeing somewhat of a retreat in demand from China from the first quarter high, our Japan market continued strong even after the tragic earthquake and tsunami earlier this year. Our Japanese export business continues to benefit from our close, long-term customer relationships, our premium Douglas fir logs and a highly efficient supply chain.  Despite continued operating improvements on our Wood Products business, our financial results were weaker than we expected, largely caused by continued softness in U.S. housing, which translated into overall decline in product prices.  Sales volumes increased versus the first quarter across all major product lines even with a weak seasonal increase in housing starts. This allowed us to reduce inventory as we produced less than we sold in the quarter. Sales volume increases were offset by lower realizations in all products except engineered solid sections. In addition, log cost increased in the West.  Though performance in this business is still below our expectations, we generated $23 million in cash as we began to work down the seasonal first quarter buildup in working capital. We continue to pull all levers to improve performance at today's low level of housing starts, including expanding our customer base into new geographies and markets outside of U.S. housing, while continuing a relentless focus on improving costs and utilization of our operating facilities. We remain focused on the goal of being cash positive in this business for the full year, but it will be challenging in these difficult markets.  In WRECO, our homebuilding business, our performance in the quarter exceeded our expectations. Although traffic was down 15% year-over-year, our conversion rates have increased, and we continued to realize strong margins relative to our competitors. 4 of our 5 homebuilders increased sales year-over-year, and the business earned $8 million for the quarter.  WRECO remains focused on the basics: cost, cash flow and delivering homes to highly satisfied customers. Our customer satisfaction scores, measured by willingness to refer, are among the highest in the industry at over 95% compared to industry averages of 86% to 90%.  The primary story for the quarter in our Cellulose Fibers business is that we safely completed 4 planned annual maintenance shutdowns with 0 recordable incidents. With our scheduled annual maintenance now complete, we're positioned to run full for the balance of the year.  Increased price realizations for the quarter were anticipated, as were the expenses related to our planned maintenance. Towards the end of the quarter, we saw some price softening due to a decline in demand from China, which resulted in financial results slightly less than expected.  The decline in Chinese demand was especially evident in decreasing pricing relating to dissolving pulps and NBSK. This decline affected sales of our Pearl product, which is being used as a dissolving wood pulp extender.  Finally, I want to address progress that we continue to make during the quarter to implement our strategic direction. During the quarter, we reached agreement to sell 2 nonstrategic businesses: our Hardwoods business and our Westwood Shipping Line.  We have owned and operated these businesses for several decades, and as we assessed our future direction, we determined that neither were core to our ongoing strategy. By selling them to new owners, we will better be able to sharpen our own management focus on our long-term strategic direction. Both transactions are scheduled to close in the third quarter, so Patty will discuss more specifics in her outlook comments.  Although we are selling these businesses, I'm pleased that we will continue our relationship with our long-term associates as the Hardwoods organization will continue to be a customer for our logs, and we will continue to ship products to our Asian customers on Westwood Shipping Lines.  A final element of forward progress during the quarter was continued actions we took to strengthen our balance sheet and liquidity position by refinancing our credit facility, repaying our 2012 maturity notes and ending the quarter with a strong cash position.  And now, I'll ask Patty to discuss our outlook and provide a financial summary, and then I'll provide a quick recap before we invite your questions. Patty?
Patricia Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the third quarter by business segment is summarized on Chart 11. I'll begin the outlook discussion with Timberlands.  Slowing export demand from China is expected to result in lower sales realizations and volumes in our Western operations. In addition, we expect domestic markets will continue to soften as sawmills take increased downtime in response to weakening lumber markets, also contributing to the falloff in volumes and prices.  In the South, realizations for logs are expected to moderate only slightly as those markets did not experience the run-up in pricing during the second quarter that we saw in the West. Volumes may increase seasonally. We anticipate seasonal increases in cost for silviculture and road spending in the third quarter compared to the second.  Earnings from nonstrategic land sales are anticipated to be much lower in the third quarter. Overall, we expect that earnings in the Timberlands segment will be significantly lower in the third quarter compared to the second.  Average sales realizations in Wood Products are expected to be 3% to 4% lower for both lumber and OSB compared to the average for the second quarter as market trends reflect soft demand in most geographies. Realizations in engineered wood products are estimated to increase around 1% to 2%, reflecting a July 1 announced price increase.  Sales volumes are expected to decrease across most product lines, although OSB volumes may increase somewhat. Log cost should decrease, especially in the West, and we expect to take more downtime in the third quarter in lumber due to weak market conditions as we continue to focus on matching supply with demand. We've already taken 6 weeks downtime in July compared to 3 weeks in Q2.  Excluding the results of the Hardwood business, we expect overall operating results in our Wood Products segment to be comparable to the second quarter.  In Cellulose Fibers, pulp sales realizations are expected to decrease as the pullback in demand from China continues. However, this should be partially offset by somewhat higher shipment volumes.  We had completed all of our planned annual maintenance outages for 2011 by the end of the second quarter. As a result, we will have a significant improvement to maintenance cost and productivity.  In addition, we expect lower cost for operating supplies and contract services, primarily related to the reduction in maintenance outages. We also anticipate slightly lower seasonal energy costs.  Although market conditions have softened, we expect that earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment will increase significantly compared to the second quarter.  Markets in our Real Estate segment continue to be very weak. While we do believe that markets have reached their bottom, we don't see any near-term catalyst that would overcome the continued lackluster job growth and low consumer confidence.  Despite these market challenges, we expect closings to increase seasonally in the third quarter. We anticipate closings of over 500 in this quarter compared to 459 in the second quarter. Prices are expected to be flat to slightly lower due to mix, and margins should remain relatively strong at 20% to 22%.  We expect slightly improved earnings in our Real Estate segment compared to the second quarter, and we have not assumed any land transactions in our third quarter outlook.  Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. During the second quarter, we used $551 million to retire debt, which was originally due in March of next year. This amount includes principal, interest and the premium paid on the early extinguishment. While this was a significant use of cash in the quarter, we anticipate an overall interest savings in excess of the premium by executing the May call. In addition, we paid $30 million of regularly scheduled debt maturities in the quarter. We ended the second quarter with cash of over $880 million. Debt maturities for the next 5 years total just over $600 million, with $200 million due in 2012.  Also in the second quarter, we replaced our bank credit facility, which was set to expire at the end of this year. The new facility has a 4-year term and retains the $1 billion of credit availability. We have no borrowings outstanding under this agreement, and so we have substantial liquidity and a strong balance sheet despite challenging market conditions.  Capital expenditures for the first 6 months totaled just under $100 million, and we still estimate expenditures for the full year to be in the range of $250 million to $270 million.  As we have previously disclosed, we estimate pension contributions this year for our Canadian plant of approximately $80 million, and most of this will be paid in the third quarter.  As Dan discussed, we are scheduled to close the sales of our wood -- Hardwood and shipping businesses in the third quarter. We expect to receive total proceeds of approximately $160 million plus transfer of long-term lease obligations. Total proceeds for the Hardwoods business will be approximately $108 million, of which $25 million is a note receivable and the remainder in cash.  In the third quarter, we will recognize a noncash pension charge of approximately $10 million to recognize amortization of previously deferred cost.  Upon the sale of our shipping business, we anticipate cash proceeds of approximately $53 million, and we will book a pre-tax gain of approximately $45 million.  Now I'll turn the call back to Dan for some closing comments, and I look forward to your questions. Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Before we turn to your questions, I want to make a few comments about the current demand for Timberland, since we often get questions from you about what we are seeing in the market.  After several years of relatively quiet market conditions, we have seen increased interest from a wide range of investors in the South as well as the Pacific Northwest. Recent interest has come from what I consider to be traditional timberland investors, including other forest products companies, TIMOs and high net worth family interests. This year, we've also seen interest from a variety of conservation-oriented investment funds.  We are routinely engaged in smaller timberland transactions, normally structured as exchanges, through which we are working to improve our overall returns by blocking up land adjacent to existing ownership where we can benefit from management efficiencies. In the case of the Pacific Northwest, we're continuing a long-term strategy of shifting our ownership to land best suited for Douglas fir.  Our sales of non-strategic coastal properties over the last few years is a result of our strategy in the Northwest of moving out of land that was primarily hemlock and expanding our Douglas fir ownership. As an example, earlier this month, we completed the acquisition of approximately 6,300 acres of prime Douglas fir timberland in Washington that is adjacent to our own logistically advantaged holdings using exchange proceeds from the sale of nonstrategic acreage in Arkansas that closed in the second quarter.  We've described our long-term strategy to target profitable growth in our Timberland holdings, and we'll continue to explore opportunities to leverage our Timberland's management expertise to add shareholder value.  And now, we welcome your questions.
Patricia Bedient: Sylvia, would you please open the floor for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Patty, can you just help us to size the kind of quarter-to-quarter impact from no maintenance in the pulp business?
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Mark. I think as we talked about on the second quarter call, maintenance costs run about $1 million a day, and we had just over 50 days of downtime in the quarter related to maintenance. So -- and we had prepaid some of that maintenance in the first quarter. So the effect is -- of the maintenance cost itself would be somewhere just a little under the $50 million number. And then you have increased productivity, because we will be running those days instead of paying the maintenance cost. And as I said, we also have a little bit less cost in the way of operating supplies and contract services all because of the maintenance. So I think that will give you a delta.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: All right. That's -- net-net, that's a number that's going to be north of $50 million, maybe well north of $50 million?
Patricia Bedient: Well, I wouldn't want to put a point on it any finer than what I just gave you.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. All right. That's fine. Dan, just a question about your building products business, especially the distribution business over an eye level. And I'm just curious about how you think about that business, whether it's just a channel market for Weyerhaeuser products or a little bit more. I had heard that you've moved away from selling non-Weyerhaeuser products and have now moved back to selling some of those. So maybe you can just walk us through how you think about that business.
Daniel Fulton: Before we moved into our eye-level strategy, the distribution business had a much broader range of products. And as we set up our eye-level strategy and brought all of the businesses under that brand, we turned it into more of a channel market, as you note. And fundamentally, it's been a channel for our engineered wood products business. As we've evaluated that business over the last 12 to 18 months, especially in this continued downturn in housing, we have decided to take on some additional third-party distribution and sale of the products that are related to new home construction, where we can improve our efficiencies and logistics in selling those products out of those yards, where we can put them on a truck. It's already going to a job site with our engineered wood products, and it will make a contribution against our fixed cost and help to improve the margins in that business. And so what you observed is an evolution where we used to distribute a number of third-party products. And as you observed, we moved away from that, and now we are taking on some strategic third-party products, not at the scale that it used to be but those that are complementary to our own.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then my last question. Any thoughts on whether we may see significant further nonstrategic asset sales over the next 12 months?
Daniel Fulton: We have nothing to announce. We had earlier talked about our shipping business and the Hardwoods business. We're pleased that we found good buyers for those businesses. And we'll be closing those transactions, as we said, in the third quarter, but we have nothing else planned at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Dan, 2 things. I'm trying to get a handle on the difference between the fee harvest volume growth and the price movement in the West versus the South. I mean, obviously, it's not quite apples-to-apples, I realize that. But the prices in the West have moved up nicely. Prices in the South are going absolutely nowhere. Are we really just looking at a Southern market that's super badly oversupplied? Or is there more going on in your price realizations? And understanding there's mix in there too.
Daniel Fulton: The most significant difference between the West and the South is the fact that in the West, we have a strong export market. And so that has driven volumes in the West, but more importantly, it's driven price, Mark. So the demand -- and it's not just China. It is the steady demand from Japan. China has been, on the margin, the most significant factor, but in our export business, we also saw, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, a doubling in the percentage of exports to Korea. So that has caused price movement on the West Coast. In the South, the South is truly more dependent upon U.S. housing. And so...
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: But Dan, when I look at the data more broadly, I mean, I'm seeing -- granted stronger volume growth in the West, but volumes in the South are up pretty good too, and that's what surprises me.
Daniel Fulton: Yes. No, our volume was up, as you see in the charts accompanying our release. Our volume is up in the South, both on a quarter-over-quarter basis but also on a year-over-year basis. So we've had opportunities to expand third-party sales at stable prices, and we've taken advantage of that.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. One more question and I'll be done. Just a sort of a theoretical question. How much more fiber do you think you have in your system in aggregate as the result of the reduced harvest since 2008? Dick always used to remind us that if you don't cut the trees down, they grow every year. So I'm just trying to gauge how much more fiber you've been able to accumulate over this period relative to where you might have been otherwise.
Daniel Fulton: I can't give you that number just because I don't have it available to me right now, Mark. I mean, clearly, we had significant deferrals, 9 and 10, because of the slow market. As you observed, our volumes have picked up. And as you note, the trees do continue to grow. And so the fiber volumes, in large part, have increased during the period of deferral. But I don't have a number that I can provide to you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon from Vertical Research Partners.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Just a quick follow-up to the question about the swing in the Cellulose business. Could you give us, Patty, an idea of what the maintenance costs were last year in the second quarter, 2010?
Patricia Bedient: I don't have that in front of me, Chip, but we also -- quarter-over-quarter, you really have to look at how many maintenance days we had and how many mills were down and then what the nature of the maintenance was. And just by way of illustration, as we talked about in the second quarter last call, we had 4 mills down, but we had an extended maintenance at our New Bern mill because we were actually putting in a capital project. So they're really -- they're not quarter-over-quarter exactly the same and year-over-year. That's why I've tried to give you sort of the amount of maintenance days and to give you some information that would help you with that. But we don't have any maintenance left for the rest of this year.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. Okay. And secondly, you mentioned you had $34 million in strategic land sales in the quarter. What should we -- and I know they're very lumpy, but what should we, at this point, consider to be kind of a normal rate? And you can either give us an annualized number, because it is lumpy or what you think it could be per quarter.
Patricia Bedient: Well, we don't have a set budget for those, because they are nonstrategic land sales. As we look forward to the third quarter, I wouldn't anticipate we would have any significant level of land sales or at least at this point. But as Dan said in his comments, we are in the market all the time to be opportunistic up to -- as we find places where we can upgrade our portfolio. And to the extent that we can transact those, we will act on them. That's why they are lumpy and why they're hard to forecast. But probably, as you look back over time, excluding the large land sales like the 80-some thousand acres we transacted in the first quarter, they're probably in that ballpark of $80 million to $100 million of -- as an annual basis.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. And then just lastly, Patty, on the 2 transactions we -- you all announced for the third quarter, can you give us the magnitude of the lease assumption you're giving, your obligation you're giving up, as well as sort of the maturity date of the note for the Hardwoods business?
Patricia Bedient: Yes. The lease obligations have to do with the ships. They're operating lease obligations, and they go over a number of years, so I don't have that number for you, Chip. Your second question was, I think, the term of the note on the Hardwood business, and that's a 5-year term.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes. 5 years?
Patricia Bedient: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Quick question first back to maintenance. As we think to next year within Cellulose Fibers, should there be any material difference between the amount of maintenance and downtime you take next year versus 2011? As we think longer term, obviously, you've got this change in maintenance scheduling that you're planning. But as I recall, that will tend to start helping your earnings in '13 and '14. So any details and confirmation, that will be appreciated.
Daniel Fulton: George, you're correct. When we met in May, we talked about our longer-term initiative of stretching out the normal planned maintenance schedules from 12 months to every 18 months, and it will take several years for us to be implementing that. That will start to show up really late 2012. But in terms of showing up in the P&L, it'd be 2013, 2014. As we take our normal annual shutdowns today, we are making some incremental improvement that help to move us along the path that will allow us to implement that change. But as you know, that's going to be several years before we see the results of that.
George Staphos: Okay. Dan, you mentioned a couple of times that China had slowed in its purchases of your products, whether it's timber or cellulose fiber, towards the end of the quarter. Is there a way to put a figure on what the change or rate of change was at the end of the quarter?
Daniel Fulton: I don't have a specific number that I can give you for that. Let me just talk about how it showed up in each of our businesses. In the case of our export log business, we were able to make most of our shipments during the quarter. And so it's more of a prospective change both in volume and the anticipated price. So we've seen some price drops for logs that are being exported. Most of that will start to be evident in the third quarter. In our Cellulose Fibers business, the most dramatic change occurred with our Pearl product. That is small tonnage for us but has been very high margin. And what happened there, it was really early June that Chinese government fundamentally started to tighten credit for businesses in China. They cut back purchases. We think that's a shorter-term phenomenon, but it's playing out in the third quarter forecast that Kathy provided. So the good news, let me -- just talking about Pearl a little bit. That's a product that we make by swinging production from our normal fluff production. And so it's not a dedicated facility to the extent that prices fall back, there's still an attractive margin, but we can swing that volume back to fluff, which is a big advantage for us. So we are opportunistically taking advantage of pricing opportunities in that product, but we have plenty of demand for our fluff production.
George Staphos: Okay. Last question, I'll turn it over. Your cash flow in the quarter was better than I initially thought. Nonetheless, the markets that you're in, obviously, are not giving you any favors in terms of your ability to improve returns. So if we think about the next 12 to 18 months, Dan, what do you think will be the source of the most meaningful return improvement within your business? Will it be addressing capital structure? Will it be potential return of value? Will it be further portfolio moves? Or do you think it will be on improving your operation to cost? What do you think are the most likely source of return improvement?
Daniel Fulton: So we are focused on improving cash flow generation from our Wood Products business. As we noted, we are in challenging markets. We had targeted that we would be cash breakeven for the year. Our focus is to continue to reach that goal, but in the market that we find ourselves, that will be very challenging. But our Wood Products business, the focus is to generate cash and to improve margins and to improve revenues. In our homebuilding business, our focus has been to generate cash through normal operations of building homes. Plus we are an opportunistic seller of land and lots to other builders. We've had some success in doing so. And we expect that activity to continue as the housing market starts to recover, and many builders will find themselves being land short. And they will need to purchase lots, and we'll have some to sell them. In our Timberlands business, we do generate significant cash there. And what we would be looking at in our Timberlands business is some market recovery, especially in the South. In the West, we benefited in cash flow because of the run-up in prices coming from the export markets. As we mentioned, that's softer now, but we would expect that to recover. China will continue to be a strong buyer of products off the West Coast, and we'll be ready to supply them. And then our Cellulose Fibers business, we have been on a relatively steady capital spend, where we're improving our facilities. Those spending initiatives have been bringing down our cash reduction cost. They have been reducing longer-term or maintenance cost, and so we will be better positioned to generate cash in the future because of those. So to your question, what is our focus, it's all of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman from UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Dan, can you talk a little bit about, I guess, what you're seeing in WRECO market by market? And also, on your comments about improvement in 2012, can you maybe -- I know it's early, but give a little bit of color how you might see 2012 playing out at this point?
Daniel Fulton: Sure. Let's talk about individual markets within WRECO. Strongest markets within WRECO have been Washington D.C. and Houston, and it's no secret why that is. It's because they have relatively strong employment. Washington D.C. went into the downturn earlier. It's come out ahead of some of the other markets. There's not a significant overbuild of inventory. Volumes are not what they used to be, but prices are recovering, and we're actually seeing some incremental improvement in price. Houston is an energy economy, and so they've come through this market in relatively good shape. We're seeing improved activity on our Trendmaker operation, both from our routine activity with our Trendmaker Homes, plus we have some product enhancements and extensions that have helped us to increase market share and increase volume. Phoenix is a market that's actually showing some growth now. And it -- once again, it's an employment story. Relatively strong employment, our activity is up in Phoenix, and we're starting to see some improvements in margins in that market. In Southern California, we've enjoyed, during the downturn, relatively steady demand in San Diego, and we've had high margins in San Diego because of our historic land position. That continues to be the case. Market's a little bit softer than it was 6 months in -- 6 months ago in San Diego, but that's more of a relative comment. We're seeing some improvement in the Pacific Northwest, which had been soft for a period of time, and that's, once again, related to job growth. So relatively more improved job picture in the Pacific Northwest related to the Boeing airplane company and their ramp up in production plus other new employment. In Las Vegas, we're still struggling. It's a tough market, but the inventory is being worked down, and we are starting to see some improvement in that market. And then the last submarket is the L.A. and the Inland Empire. I think we're doing better than others in the Inland Empire, and we're expecting that market to pick up a bit. So it is a slower recovery than what we had anticipated, Gail, but we're seeing some positive movements. And as we talked and I mentioned in my comments, we had -- 4 of our 5 homebuilders had greater sales in the quarter than they did a year ago, and one year ago, we had the housing tax credit. So that's good news. The market where we did not see improvement was Southern California and Las Vegas. And so that's the one that is our big engine, and we need to see some improvement in order to see a real significant pickup in the WRECO activity. But we've been pleased that WRECO were profitable. Our results, generally, are better than those of our peers, and as Patty mentioned, we're expecting a bit of improvement in the third quarter.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just 2 things. One, just any thought -- early thoughts on how 2012 plays out? And then a quick question on fluff pulp.
Daniel Fulton: At this point, we look at a number of housing forecasts. We prepare our own, but we look at others. Just to give you a range, Gail, in 2012, we have outside forecast that ranged from total housing starts of 630,000 to over 1 million. So there is a wide range of uncertainty related to 2012. We are planning conservatively on the low side and sizing our operation for a slower market, but we -- because of our land position, we're able to respond relatively quickly if we have market opportunity. So we're focused on maintaining margin. We're not chasing volume, but all of the forecast that I see, which suggests that we are expecting to see recovery to start in 2012, clearly didn't happen in 2011. When we went into the year, we were expecting 2011 to be somewhat of a mirror image of 2010. 2010 had a strong first half, a very weak second half. We were expecting a weak first half of 2011 with improvement in the second half of the year. At this point, we're not expecting to see significant improvement in the back half. And so we're planning for that, and we're focused on recovery starting to take shape in 2012. We do need to see improved consumer confidence. We need to see improved employment. And longer term, we need to have a resolution of the mortgage securities market, in particular, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. That's helpful. And just a quick question. You talked about the dissolving pulp and a little bit about NBSK. A competitor yesterday was talking about seeing spot pricing and fluff up pretty significantly, as much as $100 a ton. And I'm just wondering what you're seeing specifically in fluff and kind of what your outlook will be over the next quarter or 2?
Daniel Fulton: The fluff market has been certainly more stable. The reason I talked about dissolving pulp and NBSK is I was trying to focus on the impact of China, because those products were going into China, really as substitutes for cotton. And because of steps that the Chinese government took to tighten credit, prices dropped significantly. In terms of fluff prices, Patty provided our forecast for the third quarter in terms of what we're seeing directionally. There has been some additional supply that's come on with Domtar at Plymouth and the Alabama pine facility. That's had some impact in putting more product on the market. On the other hand, the fluff market continues to grow globally. And all of our large customers are concerned about maintaining supply because they have ambitious growth plans. And so longer term, we're really positive about fluff. And then we have some fluff capacity that's been shipped to dissolving pulp, and so we see the market stabilizing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Barber from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You had your comments about the Cellulose Fiber outlook, especially given the weakening in China, your comments mostly in late June and into the third quarter. Could you remind us how much or what percentage of that division sales actually comes from China?
Patricia Bedient: We have about -- as you think about our Cellulose Fibers business broadly, our pulp business, we had about 1/3 of our production is sold domestically, about 1/3 to Europe and about 1/3 to Asia.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And Asia would be split somewhat evenly between Japan and China? Or there would be a much bigger China focus?
Patricia Bedient: It would be -- there's a significant focus on Japan. And China would also be an important market, but Japan, overall, is a very important market to us.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So China's just going to be the biggest market for Pearl, basically?
Daniel Fulton: China has been the market for Pearl. When we look -- and Pearl is a very, very small percentage of our production. But on the margin, it has been a significant contributor. Once again, at the margin, our Asian sales, our pulp, both NBSK and fluff. But also Asia is a major market for our liquid packaging board, which comes out of our Longview facility, so -- and that is primarily going into Japan. So Japan's our largest market by far in Asia. We talked about Japan on the last call, because it was right after the earthquake and the tsunami, and we had, had some disruption. For the most part, all of our customers' operations have stabilized. They've shifted production between their own facilities, and Japan remains very stable for us. It's also an important consideration not just in Cellulose Fibers, but as we talk about our export log business. Once again, to make the point, China has been terrific for us as well as the rest of the industry, because it's been new demand from the West Coast. But our large long-term export market has been and will continue to be Japan.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's helpful. But following up on Japan, have you seen any pick-up there lately just a result of some earthquake rebuilding start? Or do you think that's still going to be pushed out another 6 to 9 months, maybe more?
Daniel Fulton: We have not seen a pick-up yet. Initially, the focus in Japan was on emergency housing. We saw some initial disruption in our log shipments. Those have all recovered. We would be expecting, longer term, to see a pick-up in lumber exports, but lumber would be primarily going into new construction. We think new construction will be delayed another 3 to 6 months before we start to see that impact, because they are still dealing with infrastructure. They're completing their temporary housing initiative, and they will shift now to longer-term production of permanent housing. And that should benefit the West Coast markets for lumber, perhaps some panels for those that are equipped to deal with metric sizes as well as logs.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And last question regarding WRECO. Have you -- another one of the homebuilding competitors, that's a partner of yours in South edge, had taken a pretty sizable write-down in the second quarter. Do you guys have any remaining exposure that or do you think that the continued settlements there could end up being an issue in the third and fourth quarters of this year?
Daniel Fulton: We are a very small partner in that enterprise. And we believe we're fully reserved, and we took those reserves some time ago. So we're anxiously awaiting the settlement, but we think we're fully reserved now. Once a settlement is finally agreed to, there'll be some cash implication. We built that into our cash forecast for the balance in the year. So we're not expecting any surprises at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Changing gears a little bit. I guess, via your Catchlight joint venture, you've entered into a relationship with KiOR biofuel. But can you elaborate on this relationship? I'm sure you'll be selling the biomass, and Catchlight will funnel the fuel back to Chevron. But what kind of volume is committed? And is it a needle mover? Will we see more of these?
Daniel Fulton: It is too early to tell whether it's a needle mover, Steve, and I think we will be likely to see more of these. So we do have a joint venture with Chevron. It's called Catchlight Energy. That joint venture has been operating for about 3 years. The initial focus in that joint venture was to combine the expertise and intellectual capital of Weyerhaeuser. If you think about the oil analogy, as the upstream provider of biomass and then Chevron is downstream in the refining business. We have, over time, looked at all of the technologies that are out there and have determined at this point that we will form more relationships with those like KiOR that bring in some unique technology. Weyerhaeuser's role in that relationship will be providing biomass. Chevron's role will be to take away the product that would be manufactured or refined by the KiORs. Because ultimately, the challenge in this business is you have to distribute it to get it to an end user. And so the strengths of our partnership are that we, better than anyone, I think, understand the upstream challenges and opportunities. Chevron covers the downstream, and we are likely to be entering into a number of agreements in what we would call a wraparound strategy, where we have the opportunity to work with those that have a variety of technologies. We think there's great long-term potential, but it's too early to tell, and I would not be able speculate at this point timing for those technologies. But we're excited to be working with something that I've been able to get funding, and we're going to try to move the dial here and develop some renewable fuel alternatives for this country.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So we should look at KiOR something as the outsourced refinery?
Daniel Fulton: Yes. Not as refining. They are a converter of biomass into a product that then would go into a refinery.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Because I guess at some point...
Daniel Fulton: That is a 3-step process.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I naively thought that a pulp mill would be a lot like a refinery as well, not being an engineer or anything. Is that still a possibility? I mean, as you move more of the black liquor perhaps out of your process. Or it's good how it is where it's just your source of energy.
Daniel Fulton: Right now, we're using the black liquor to provide energy for our own facilities, and that is the best use. The advantage of our pulp mills is that we have zoned entitled locations with boilers and equipment that can handle some additional biomass. Plus we are located in areas where we have logistics and sourcing, and the challenge in the biomass business is really logistical. How do you gather it on an economic basis in order to get it to a point where it's competitive with alternative fuels? So pulp mills are great sources of energy. Black liquor, in the near term, is likely to be used by the pulp mill for its own energy.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Okay. Well, keep us posted.
Daniel Fulton: The other thing that we are doing is -- where we had the opportunity, Steve -- we have some facilities where we have turbine generators that are installed, where if we have excess black liquor or biomass, we can generate power. And the amount that we don't use, we sell into the grid. So it helps to bring down our overall energy cost as well as create new markets for power.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well, some of your friends in the -- of the timber REITs have signed some pretty significant deals for volume even offshore. So keep us posted as these things materialize.
Daniel Fulton: We'll do so.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier from Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I wanted to come back, if I could, to Japan for a minute, Dan. And I was curious if you have the high-level view of how you think about the rebuilding affecting housing starts, seeing pretty modest expectations of 5%, 10% but then it goes up from there. And are you seeing any -- recognizing this could take 3 or 6 months before we get to the front end of this, do you anticipate any different types of demand, in other words, similar order patterns for logs and lumber? Or do you expect a shift one way or the other?
Daniel Fulton: It's too early to tell, Pete. There are a number of initiatives underway in Japan in order to position their homebuilding industry to be able to respond to the needs. And we're -- we have customers that are home builders to whom we sell lumber, engineered wood products. We expect their activity to begin to ramp up. There has been some demand on panels, often to the West Coast, more coming from Canada than the U.S. The issue on panels, historically, has been the metric size versus a 4 by 8 panel. On a temporary basis, they've been taking some 4 by 8 panels. There may be some code changes in Japan that would allow more imported product from the West Coast. Our initiative is really to be working with our existing customers. So we've got long-term relationships with sawmill operators and with homebuilders, and our goal is to provide them products so that they can participate in the rebuild.
Patricia Bedient: One area, Pete, that we might see late in the quarter or fourth quarter would be in the area of the plywood operations in Japan which were hit pretty hard by the earthquake, and some of those are starting to come back online now. So we would see -- it's not a huge market for us, but on the margin, that would be another area of increased activity.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. And then shifting gears back to timber. I think you mentioned previously, I think you said that your harvest plan for the year would be up in the order of 10%. I'm curious if you have any update on that. And maybe against the backdrop of what you're seeing in the South in terms of the dry weather, increased availability of logs and the lower prices, are you thinking about throttling back at all because of the prices to defer? Or what's your outlook?
Daniel Fulton: We evaluate harvest levels on an ongoing basis. We talked about our second quarter harvest levels having been up. As we look out third quarter, Patty had comments in her outlook. We have had dry weather that allows more activity. But one of the problems with that weather is it's been so bad that, in fact, productivity levels are down a little bit, because it's just difficult to work in the woods. So we will continue to match our harvest levels with profitable demand. We'll gauge pricing as we look forward and move our harvest. What we do is, fundamentally, we're always looking to the future, making judgments about future demand and future pricing, and so that's just an ongoing process. And I don't have any more information for you today, Pete, other than we'll continue our normal process. I'd like to just close the call. We've gone a little bit long, and I'm glad that we were able to take the time to answer your questions. We appreciate all of your comments and questions. And as always, if you have further questions or comments, you can follow up directly with Kathy McAuley. I'd like to thank everybody for taking the time to join us today, and we appreciate your ongoing interest. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's Weyerhaeuser Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Patricia Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathryn McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. George Staphos Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I am Kathy McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and materials for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937.  Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call.  Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported Q1 2011 net earnings of $99 million or $0.18 per diluted share, a net sales of $1.6 billion. First quarter earnings include an after-tax gain of $96 million on a previously announced sale of 82,000 acres of nonstrategic Timberlands in Southwest Washington State. Excluding this special item, the company reported net earnings of $3 million, break-even on a per share basis.  Please turn to the earnings information package available on our website. This package includes a GAAP reconciliation of special items. In our discussions of business segments, we will refer to Charts 4 through 10.  Chart 4, Changes in Contribution to Earnings by Segment. This chart illustrates the changing contribution by business segment from fourth quarter 2010 to first quarter 2011.  We begin our business segment discussion of the first quarter with Timberlands, Charts 5 and 6. In the first quarter, Timberlands contributed $89 million to pretax earnings before special items, $33 million more than in Q4 2010. Third party sales volumes rose 4% from Q4. This increase was in part due to Chinese demand for logs. Japan remains our largest export market accounting for approximately 70% of export volume.  Third party average log price realizations increased 5% in the West and declined 2% in the South. The fee harvest increased 11% from the fourth quarter, most of the increase occurred in the West and was driven by export demand.  Higher volumes resulted in lower costs in the West. Costs in the South were lower due to less silviculture spending. Some of the cost improvement was offset by rising diesel prices.  Wood Products, Charts 7 and 8. Excluding special items, Wood Products narrowed its loss from $85 million to a loss of $36 million, an improvement of $49 million. Lumber and OSB sales realizations increased 8%. Lumber volumes were flat. OSB volumes increased 9%. Operating rates for lumber and OSB were higher in first quarter. Log costs rose in the West. Solid section volumes were flat and prices declined slightly due to mix. TJI volumes fell 10%, prices modestly increased.  Cellulose Fibers, Chart 9. Cellulose Fibers contributed $86 million to pretax earnings in Q1, $52 million less than in Q4. Maintenance costs increased and productivity was lower due to two scheduled annual outages in the quarter. In addition, we also had $7 million of spending in first quarter, preparing for the annual maintenance outages scheduled for the second quarter.  Fiber costs were higher in the West and chemical costs increased. Pulp price realizations declined $14 per ton. The majority of our pulp production, fluff and fluff pulp prices were slightly lower. Pulp volumes were flat.  Real Estate, Chart 10. WRECO lost $1 million in the first quarter. First quarter is the seasonally weakest of the year. Single-family closings were down 40% from Q4 and 8% from the first quarter a year ago. The average closing price declined $20,000 to $419,000 due to mix. The gross margin was 22%, down from 26% in Q4, also due to mix. The backlog of single-family homes sold but not closed increased to 611 homes.  And finally, Corporate & Other. Before special items, Corporate & Other contributed $43 million less to earnings in first quarter. Pension and postretirement expense held in corporate was a noncash charge of $12 million in Q1. In Q4, it was a credit of $19 million. Share-based compensation expense rose $8 million in the first quarter, primarily due to the increase in our stock price.  I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Kathy. And good morning, everyone. Over the last several earnings calls, I've been reporting on how we're doing as we battle this dismal housing market. I'm glad to report that we continue to make progress during the first quarter.  Our top line grew year-over-year, as well as our bottom line. And I remind you that this occurred while U.S. housing softened. While margins and returns are still not where we want them to be, we continue to act on the items that we control and take advantage of every opportunity.  In my remarks this morning, I will comment on three subjects. First, I want to talk about general economic conditions, with a particular focus on the U.S. housing market since new home construction has such a critical impact on our company's overall performance. Second, I'll discuss the performance of our businesses during the first quarter, adding some color to the information that's already included in our quarterly analyst package and to the summary that Kathy just provided.  And finally, I want to discuss the effect of the Japanese earthquake and tsunami on our business. Although I'll address the importance of the Japanese market to us, I want to emphasize that this tragic event had no material impact on our first quarter financial results. We do expect that rebuilding needs in Japan will likely lead to opportunities for increased log and lumber exports over the midterm, but it's too early to tell if there will be any material impact this year. I'll start with general economic conditions and their effect on our first quarter performance. With respect to the U.S. economy, GDP growth has been trending up slowly, but downward revisions of projected growth in 2011 announced earlier this week by the Fed indicate that the recovery may be stalling. Additional comments by Fed Chairman Bernanke further confirmed that there continues to be an abundance of caution.  Increasing oil prices are a major concern for us because of the impact on our manufacturing cost, as well as how they affect disposable income and consumer confidence. In Timberlands, for example, increases in diesel prices result in higher harvesting and hauling costs. In our other businesses, higher oil prices result in increased cost for raw materials and energy.  At the consumer level, increases in oil prices translate quickly to rising gasoline prices which directly affect the pocketbook of potential homebuyers who may have been ready to reenter the housing market.  As contrasted the GDP growth in the U.S., global growth is increasing at a faster pace, especially in emerging economies. This faster-paced growth has had a positive impact on our Cellulose Fibers business, which supplies global customers, and our Timberlands business, which leverages the geographic advantage of our Western forests, as well as our long-term trading relationships in key Asian markets.  Turning to the state of the U.S. housing market, the Fed this week described conditions in the housing sector as depressed. In our press release this morning, we used the medical term anemic to describe current conditions and the medical analogy seems appropriate. The U.S. housing market has been in intensive care for the last couple of years. We moved to the recovery room last year, boosted by both federal as well as some state housing tax credits, but then the markets suffered a relapse in the second half of 2010.  As we entered 2011, we were planning on single-family starts recovering to an annual level of approximately 525,000, certainly not an aggressive number at that time. But March data shows starts at a seasonally adjusted rate of only 422,000, 21% lower than one year ago.  On the positive side, housing affordability is at an all-time high and we did see a slight improvement nationally in new home sales in March, up from the February level which was the lowest since World War II. Perhaps the worst is behind us but our experience from the last several years causes us to be cautious, and we're focusing on being profitable at today's level of starts while maintaining our ability to respond to improve demand signals.  To get housing back on track for a slow, steady recovery, our economy still needs to work through the challenges of continued foreclosures, as well as the clear direction from Congress on resolution of the still uncertain future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  Despite the continued drag on our company by the slow recovery in housing, I'm pleased with the progress that we continue to make in improving performance at today's level of starts in our Timberlands, Wood Products and WRECO businesses while taking advantage of continued strength in global demand for our Cellulose Fibers.  In Timberlands, the big story this quarter is the Chinese demand for logs. One year ago, China represented 6% of our total export volume, and in the first quarter, the Chinese share of our exports increased to 24%. The location of our Pacific Northwest Timberlands, our extensive logistics systems, our strategically located port facilities and our long-term trading relationships uniquely allow us to take full advantage of the Asian market, helping us to offset the continued softness in U.S. housing.  Though Chinese demand is relatively small in the context of our overall volume, this increased demand has led to rising log prices in the West for both export as well as domestic logs, resulting in higher log realizations for the quarter that Kathy highlighted.  Turning to our Wood Products business, mill productivity increased as operating rates for lumber, OSB and engineered solid sections all improved as a result of steps taken in 2010 to further rationalize production capacity. The net result of ongoing improvements across the business, including customer selection, pricing improvement and the lower cost structure was an increase in our gross margin and positive cash flow before seasonal build up in working capital. We're still not where we want to be but we are seeing noticeable improvement.  In our WRECO business, as expected, earnings were approximately breakeven despite very weak demand. We did, however, see evidence of improvement in some market indicators. Though year-over-year traffic levels are down, our conversion rate of turning shoppers into buyers increased significantly and our cancellation rates dropped to levels we have not seen since 2003.  Comparing market conditions across WRECO, the Maryland and Virginia suburbs of Washington D.C. show the greatest improvement, followed by Phoenix and the Puget Sound region. Houston sales remain stable and California and Nevada activity declined year-over-year, in part because last year's first quarter included several new project openings which generally boost sales activity.  Shifting to our Cellulose Fibers business. The softwood pulp market remains tight, driven by increased demand for dissolving pulp. For the quarter, earnings were up significantly year-over-year but fell from our record fourth quarter levels, primarily due to increased expense and downtime related to scheduled maintenance at our mills in Flint River and Longview.  We are seeing opportunities in Cellulose Fibers for new products that are the outcome of our strategy of continuous innovation to serve the needs of our growing global customers and we expect that the percentage of revenues from these new products will increase over time.  Let me close with the discussion of Japan, a trading partner dating back to 1923, when we first entered the market to supply lumber for rebuilding, following the Great Kanto earthquake which devastated the cities of Tokyo and Yokohama.  Since 1923, our relationship has grown to the point where sales to customers in Japan represented approximately 10% of our total revenue last year. While we do not have any manufacturing facilities in Japan, whereas our products sold to Japan include pulp, liquid packaging board, newsprint, logs and lumber, and Japan is the primary market for our Westwood Shipping line.  While Japan is an important market for us, we've seen only a small impact from the March 11 earthquake. Our sales to customers in the impacted zone are roughly 2% of our total revenues and most of these customers were able to shift production to other parts of the country.  Immediately following the earthquake, our attention turned to the safety and welfare of our employees and our ship's crews, and thankfully, everyone is safe. We have focused on our ongoing efforts to meet the needs of our customers, redirecting supply lines to address shortages and adjustments in operating projects.  Mid to longer term, once essential infrastructure needs are met, there should be an increase in demand for logs and wood products which would be used to build permanent housing to replace the housing that was lost, and we are well positioned to work with our long-term customers and trading partners to provide materials for rebuilding, just as we did in 1923 and again in 1995 following the Kobe earthquake.  And now, Patty will discuss our outlook, and then I'll provide a quick recap before we invite your questions. Patty?
Patricia Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. The outlook for the second quarter by business segment is summarized on Chart 11. I'll begin the discussion with Timberlands.  Export log demand in Asia is anticipated to remain strong. In the West, sales realizations and volumes are expected to increase somewhat but this will likely be offset by rising prices for diesel fuel and seasonal increases in road and silvicultural costs. In South, we anticipate slightly higher sales volumes and flat sales realizations. Earnings in the South will also be negatively affected by rising fuel.  Overall, not including the effect of any nonstrategic land sales, we expect Timberland earnings to increase somewhat in the second quarter compared to the first.  Market conditions in Wood Products for the second quarter are very uncertain. We have yet to experience normal signs of the spring building season. However, our forecast does include somewhat higher sales volumes for all products. Sales realizations for most product lines are expected to be flat.  Higher productivity as a result of increased production volume should lead to more favorable manufacturing efficiencies, partially offset by increased log costs. We expect the loss in the second quarter to narrow compared to the first quarter and we should be cash positive.  Global demand in our Cellulose Fibers segment continues to be robust. We expect sales realizations to improve in the second quarter compared to the first. Sales volumes are anticipated to also increase slightly. Freight costs will likely be higher during the quarter.  Additional planned maintenance outages will lead to higher maintenance costs and additional lost productivity for the second quarter as compared to the first. After the second quarter, our planned outages will be complete for the year. Despite these increased costs, we expect that overall, earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment will increase compared to the first quarter.  In our Real Estate segment, we expect our single-family homebuilding business to improve seasonally during the second quarter. Homes closed are anticipated to increase to approximately 500 closings compared to 363 closings in Q1. The average closing price will likely decline slightly due to mix. However, we anticipate margins to continue to be strong at around 20% to 22%.  We remain focused on actions within our control despite the continued headwinds of weak consumer confidence, only modest job growth and buyers challenged by mortgage qualification issues. We expect to earn a small profit in the second quarter in our single-family homebuilding business.  Now I'll wrap up with some overall financial comments. Our cash balance as of the end of the quarter was just under $1.5 billion. Capital spending during the first quarter was approximately $47 million. For the full year, we expect to spend between $250 million to $270 million. We anticipate receiving approximately $15 million in credits from the Canadian government for projects at our Grande Prairie Alberta pulp mill.  Our current bank credit facility of $1 billion expires at the end of this year. No borrowings are outstanding under the agreement and we anticipate replacing this facility by the end of the second quarter. We have $30 million of debt payments due in the second quarter which completes our scheduled debt maturities for the year.  Our noncash pension expense and postretirement expense in the first quarter was a charge of about $24 million. This was slightly higher than what we anticipate on a quarterly basis for the remainder of the year.  Based on updated estimates of the funded status of our U.S. qualified pension plan, we will not be required to make a contribution for 2011. At year end, we had estimated that the U.S. planned contribution could have been as much as $20 million. We still do expect to fund approximately $80 million into our Canadian plan later this year.  Now, I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. In summary, despite challenging conditions in the U.S. housing market which are worse than one year ago, we continue to make progress during the first quarter to improve our financial performance. We're expecting improvement in all businesses in the second quarter based upon actions that we've taken and improvements that we have made in order to increase our competitiveness.  We're focused on making the most of existing market conditions and we're prepared to leverage our scale to take full advantage of any market improvement.  As we now get ready to turn to questions, I want to make one final comment in anticipation of perhaps questions about weather events this week in the South. We've all heard and seen on TV stories of tornadoes throughout the South that's affected some of our operations in both our Timberlands, Cellulose Fibers and Wood Products business.  First of all, I want to say that all of our employees and their families are safe. We are assessing damage as we speak. We suffered some limited power outage at our Columbus Modified Fiber facility but our pulp mill is operating. We've had some limited damage of Timberlands, but we won't have any full assessment until we're able to get up in the air and survey the damage.  We've had some property damage in some of our Wood Products facilities and some minor power outages, but at this point, it's likely that there will be no material impact on our activities in the second quarter, and we'll have further reports as our people are able to get back out to the field. I just wanted to provide an additional assessment of how we've come through this past week.  So with that, I'd like to turn it back over to Patty and invite your questions.
Patricia Bedient: Nicole, we'd like to open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Wanted to start with a few questions on the Wood Products operations. Your volumes were up reasonably year-on-year, and I'm just wondering, do you think you took some market share or do you think customers were building inventories because that seems a little out of line with the underlying demand?
Daniel Fulton: I think, Gail, in the first quarter, there is some build in inventory in anticipation of a building season. We talked on the last call about waiting until after the Super Bowl to see if there's a spring selling season. Based upon what we reported this morning and what we see certainly reported nationally, the market is still very soft but we, as you noted, did have some increase in activity. More importantly, for our Wood Products business, we've seen increase in margins which is related to the focus that we've had on focusing on our pricing as well as cost management. But as I noted in my comments and I spent a fair amount of time talking about it, we are concerned about U.S. housing recovery. The first quarter numbers are not healthy, and so we're managing our business based upon the volume that's available today and positioning ourselves to grow with the recovery.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just following on, on that, your second quarter guidance were fairly flat realizations in Wood Products. Have you -- was there a lag in pricing that would give you confidence in that? Because current prices would suggest a reasonable decline.
Daniel Fulton: Well, there's a bit of a lag. We're already one month into the quarter, and so the guidance that we've provided is the best information that we've got.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just thinking, can you give a little bit more color on what you're seeing on the West Coast in terms of the trends in Chinese demand? Has it continued to grow? Is there any fund that's slowing in either kind of the U.S. Northwest or British Columbia? And also, you've kind of referenced log costs being up in the West, and how you see that impacting domestically oriented sawmills in the West?
Daniel Fulton: So to answer the questions sequentially, talking about general Chinese trends, Gail, we've been watching the building demand over the last 18 months. Lumber demand has primarily impacted Canadian lumber producers in the West. In Timberlands business, the log demand from China has occurred primarily in operations in Washington and Oregon. As we noted, we've had a steady increase in the amount of export that we've been shipping to China. In the lumber business in Canada, it started several years ago with shipments of beetle-damaged wood, and gradually, the volumes have picked up and the quality has picked up. As we've noted before, the Wood Products are going into industrial uses, primarily forms for concrete work, shoring, pallets and packing. We don't see demand backing off at this point, and so we are taking advantage of the opportunity in our Timberlands business to increase flows to the market because we've got longer-term relationships and we've got strategically advantaged logistical facilities. And we are shipping some lumber out of Canada, but given the location of our sawmills, it's not a heavy percentage.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just a question in terms of margins for domestic sawmill and for sawmills in the West, given rising log costs, is that a major concern for you?
Daniel Fulton: It is a concern because as you know and as we've talked about, the U.S. housing market has been relatively weak, and so there's not a lot of pricing power for lumber producers. So log prices have moved up because of the demand from Asia and it is putting a bit of a squeeze on lumber producers.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. But no sign of that impacting log demands at this point?
Daniel Fulton: We have not seen it.
Patricia Bedient: So I think the whole question of the impact of China on the domestic market is difficult to dimension because we do have some logs that we sell domestically that could go to export, so others that are exporting as well, as well as some of the domestic producers are shipping lumber to China. So that helps the domestic market as well for domestic producers. So I think it's a little mixed in terms of the China impact isn't really all exported, it does flow over a little bit to the domestic market, which is good given that the U.S. housing market is weak.
Daniel Fulton: And then, I think as I mentioned related to the Japanese earthquake, we would anticipate that there would be a pickup in demand from the West Coast, not only for logs but for lumber. But at this point, it's too early to tell what the timing will be because they do have to work through their issues of infrastructure before they are ready to take on significant rebuilding of permanent structures. The focus right now is on temporary structures because of the incredible amount of damage that was done in the tsunami.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: So you're keeping the regular volumes to Japan at this point?
Daniel Fulton: We are. We've seen very little disruption, Gail, in shipments to Japan. Immediately after the earthquake, there was the need for some rerouting and some short-term disruption. In our log export business, we had some logs that were scheduled to be shipped to Japan and on a short-term basis, they were rerouted to China. But we expect that the Japan demand will come back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon: And again, we very much appreciate the new reporting format. I think this is the second straight quarter, and we look forward to that. I think the biggest question I had, just looking over the results, is trying to forecast the corporate expense line. And it looks to me from what you're saying is that we obviously would shave a little bit from this quarter. It was pretty high for the lower pension expense and I'm guessing that might be what? $5 million. And the other question is on the stock, $8 million you mentioned increase on the stock compensation, is that a number that is totally a function of the stock price or is there some fixed level that we should always factor in? So bottom line is, where do you see that corporate expense number going?
Patricia Bedient: Well, Chip, as you look at that, you're right on the pension. And I would remind you that what's in the corporate segment is just pension and postretirement that doesn't get allocated to the segment. So in the reporting package to try to help you dimension that a little bit better, on Page 4 we give you the total company look by quarter. And then back on Page 9 in the Corporate & Other segment, we give you what portion of that runs through corporate. So that should help you with the pension and postretirement benefits. And you're right in terms of a go-forward number. It's probably $4 million to $5 million left on a per quarter basis than what it was in the first quarter. Now if you think about the variable comp expense tied to the stock, most of that really is a function of the stock price. And it runs in a couple of areas. One, we do have some stock appreciation rights that we use for our equity plans in Canada. And then we also have deferred comp that is  in share equivalent. The share equivalents are about, I think, roughly 1 million shares at the end of the quarter, and the stock price moved about $6 in the quarter. So that should help you dimension that movement quarter-to-quarter. And on a go-forward basis, I would say exclusive of those items, probably $10 million to $15 million a quarter in the Corporate & Other segment would be a good rule of thumb. As you know, the Corporate & Other segment is sort of the catch-all segment and it does get impacted by things like foreign exchange, stock price, et cetera. So directionally, keeping those things in mind I think will help you chart what that corporate expense will be on a go-forward basis.
Chip Dillon: So said differently, if we assume the stock price just didn't change in the given quarter, there would still be the pension expense. And that would be in addition to that $10 million to $15 million, correct?
Patricia Bedient: Yes, that's right.
Chip Dillon: Okay. And then the second and last question is I believe I heard you say that as you forecast the second quarter for Wood Products, you expected realizations to be flat, I believe, sequentially. And just sort of looking at recent prints from whether it's the futures market or random links, I'm just wondering if that might be something that could be maybe a few weeks old or is that something that would, on the other hand, would anticipate some improvement as we go into May and June?
Patricia Bedient: Well, we really haven't seen improvement as we go into May and June. Usually, we would expect to see some, and we held realizations flat in the forecast. As you appropriately note, in April, those realizations are a little softer. So if we don't get any pickup, then I would say that there's a possible downward pressure on the flat realization forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: A couple of nitty-gritty questions, I guess, to start. Did I hear you say, Dan or Patty, that in Wood Products, while obviously still a relatively weak end market environment, you expected unit costs to be lower as you were going to be improving production. If I heard that correctly and you don't necessarily see the pickup, does it make for perhaps a weaker third quarter because at some point those costs have to come back to roost if you don't sell the product?
Daniel Fulton: Costs are coming down for a couple of reasons, George. Part of it is the higher utilization rate at our mills that is in part related to permanent closures that we took at the end of last year. So we are operating at a higher rate in lumber and in OSB, slightly higher rate in our solid sections. With respect to lumber, we got very high operating rates in Canada, somewhat lower in the U.S. But those utilization rates should be sustainable given the level of demand that we see today. We're also enjoying some benefits from reduced SG&A. As compared to fourth quarter, we brought our SG&A in the business down by 13%. So it is a focus on tightening up costs, as well as our general focus in our Wood Products businesses to work the margins very heavily and in some cases, we do have some pricing opportunity. But we've got to be working both price and margin.
George Staphos: Okay. That segues to my other questions. One, to the extent that you can comment -- and if you have it in the packet, I had missed it. What would you say your average operating rates are right now across your major product classes within Wood Products? And secondly, for your or for Larry if he's on the phone -- I'm sorry, go ahead, Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Larry's not on the phone, so you got me and Patty.
George Staphos: That's still good. Do you think the initiatives that you've taken in Wood and the actions that you've done to date would be sufficient to bring the business to breakeven on EBIT basis if we held prices in your major categories flat at the 1Q average, or would you need to embark upon additional actions to get to a breakeven on EBIT? So operating rates and further actions that are needed.
Daniel Fulton: Operating rates, let's take that one first. In lumber for the quarter, our operating rate approached 80%. In our OSB business, we were running at around 66% and in our engineered business, it continues to be in the mid-30s. As you know, engineered products go into new home construction, whereas at least with OSB and lumber, we've got some alternative outlets and potential export plus the home improvement warehouse business. With respect to the initiatives in Wood Products, we have a wide range of initiatives underway in every single one of our product lines: lumber, OSB, engineered and in our distribution business. We need to be making progress in all of those to get to the numbers that we're projecting, and we're making progress. So I'm really pleased with the amount of activity that we have ongoing in our Wood Products business to improve our competitiveness. But we have not completed the initiatives and they are ongoing and we need to continue to improve in every single one of those in order to hit the numbers that we projected.
George Staphos: So Dan, if I'm interpreting it correctly, your initiative would get you to breakeven on a cash flow basis but you really can't comment to whether they would get you to breakeven given the current market environment on an operating profit basis, would that be fair?
Patricia Bedient: Well, I think that would be fair, George, to say that in our forecast, we said that we would be cash positive for the second quarter. We said that the loss would narrow on an EBIT basis, and our forecast was realization flat. So we would not be to cash -- or to operating breakeven during the second quarter but we do expect to be cash flow positive.
George Staphos: It's fair enough. I was looking at past flow 2Q, but I'll leave it there for now. The last question, working capital was up quite a bit in the quarter. Again around the same line of reasoning or questioning, is there a way that you can become even more cash efficient in the future, certainly you can't control that a bit more than you can, the markets are dropping and in terms of improving your turns?
Daniel Fulton: Working capital build that you see in Wood Products is seasonal. It is normal this time of the year that you would build first quarter. The utilization of our working capital has also improved over time. We continue to focus on increased inventory turns in our distribution business, as well as the manufacturing portion of our businesses. And I would not say that there's no opportunity there. We continue to work it not just in the Wood Products business but every business that we've got.
Patricia Bedient: Yes, I think as you think about working capital, especially in Wood Products, you're coming off a very low year end, the December and holiday season. So that's a good portion of that build as well and it is pretty typical year-over-year. I would say that if we had more confidence in the housing outlook, we would have built more working capital than what you see there although it is something that we monitor very closely. And we would not expect to be building additional working capital in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: I just want to echo Chip's comments. I find this new layout with the results and the detail very, very hopeful. A couple of questions on Wood Products. I did notice that big drop in Wood Products SG&A, and I wondered, Dan, is that likely to go down any further? Is that first quarter level sort of the new run rate in that business? And can you tell us a little bit about what you did to bring that down?
Daniel Fulton: A lot of that, Mark, came out of selling costs as we looked at our business and evaluated what we really needed in operating. I would say, that there is -- that is the run rate that we've got today but we are looking for ongoing opportunities to bring it down. It was a notable change. And those were actions that we took last year in order to align our cost structure with the market situation that we find ourselves in.
Patricia Bedient: And a number of those costs, in addition to the selling, were actually costs that were cost at the corporate center in terms of allocated cost that historically kinds of costs that would be allocated to the segment for their use for things like IT and other services. And we have been working pretty steadily across the company to bring those costs down in line with Wood Products operating posture. So I think it's the combination of the selling, the G&A, the G&A that is direct into the business as well. And as Dan said, I think in that business, we're really trying to pull all the levers that we can.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. I will just start, Patty, when I looked at it across all the segments, that was the segment where you really saw the big decline both year-over-year and quarter-to-quarter. One other question about lumber, Dan, and I think people have kind of gotten around this a little bit already, but we've seen this big drop in the lumber futures, and I wondered if you have any thoughts about what's behind that. One argument that I've heard is that the Chinese have backed away from the lumber markets up in Canada and elsewhere in the short term, and that's one of the reason we're seeing this. I wondered if you have any thoughts?
Daniel Fulton: We're not a huge seller of lumber into the Chinese market. We've got some production out of Canada.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: But you're a huge lumber player -- I was just going to say, you're such a huge lumber so you must have a sense of what's going on.
Daniel Fulton: We are. I think some of this is a reaction to anemic U.S. housing starts numbers. I mean, that's really the driver for lumber especially across the West. And in the South also. We're just not seeing the starts levels that had been anticipated as we entered the year. I made a comment that as we were entering the year, we were expecting starts at about 525,000 single-family. That was certainly not at the high end of the range of forecast. And what we're seeing now is those forecasts starting to drop below 500,000. Yesterday, NAHB [National Association of Home Builders] came out with a revised forecast at slightly under 480,000. And so I think that the Chinese demand for lumber and logs has been important but the main driver is U.S. housing.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, okay. I wanted just to step over to Timberlands for a minute. I wondered, when we look at the details you're now giving us for the Timberland business, is there anything that you could do going forward that would give us a little more visibility inside the portion of that business that's export in terms of export volume and export prices? And it would particularly help us understand kind of how you're doing in the Japanese market because I think you sell a much richer mix of logs into Japan and say what you would sell into other Asian markets.
Daniel Fulton: Historically, that's the case. You used the comment, the term richer mix, and we've seen the quality of logs that are shipped to China increase over the last 12 months. Some of that is related to availability of logs out of the West. And we're working to try to improve the data that we do get to you so you have a better understanding of our business. So we'll take your question as input. And we got an Analyst Meeting coming up where we're going to talk about Timberlands and so we'll try to give you some greater visibility.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Just one last question, Dan. Just it seems to me there are still a number of peripheral assets around the company. And just to take a single example, you've got a single bleach board machine up there at Longview. Just seems like you have to -- you have one machine in a market that you're not really in otherwise. It just doesn't seem to me that you're the natural owner for some of these businesses. Any kind of thoughts on that?
Daniel Fulton: The bleach board business is located in Longview. It's part of our Longview complex. And it starts to get relatively complex in terms of shared services and integration with other activities. That business is much improved, and in fact we are significant player in that market. There are only a limited number of producers of that product. We've got great long-term relationships, and we are a significant seller of that product in Japan so it's a significant contributor of cash. It's operating better than it has ever been for us. And at this point, it continues to be part of the portfolio.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, very good. I look forward to seeing you in a few weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: First, your comments about housing mix in the quarter and expectations that the mix will remain weak in Q2. Do you anticipate at this point that your mix is where it ought to be for the rest of the year if we don't see a housing pickup, or is it hard to see beyond the second quarter? And my second question, I was wondering if you could just give us an update on your overall energy cost sensitivities?
Daniel Fulton: So on housing mix, let me understand your question, Mark. You're reacting to our comment that margins shifted because of mix?
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Sure, sure.
Daniel Fulton: Okay. So that is a comment really around the relative mix of closings and where they came from. So fourth quarter, we would have had a higher percentage of closings coming from Southern California, in particular San Diego. First quarter, there were more closings in other markets. And so on the first quarter statement and as Patty said in her outlook for second quarter about margins, it is a function of where those closings occur. We would expect, as we have in the past, to see a pickup in mix towards California in the back half of the year. But as I reported when we talk about activity on a year-over-year basis, our sales activity is much lower in California than it has been. So somewhat of a concern as we look at what margins might be, and it's too early to tell what that would be in the third and fourth quarter. At this point, we've got a very good sense of what second quarter activity is going to be because those homes are fundamentally in escrow.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Right, right. Okay. And on the energy side?
Daniel Fulton: Could you restate your question?
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Yes. I'm just trying to get a sense of what your energy cost sensitivities are right now. Fuel costs are up, oil prices are up. Just trying to get a sense on both the -- whether it's significant enough for it to matter going forward in the Timberland business and also in your Fiber business?
Patricia Bedient: As you think about it in our Timberlands business, Mark, diesel fuel really is the biggest impact there. And it is a significant impact. If we were to take the prices that we have currently and have those for the rest of the year given where we were at the beginning of the year, it could be as much as a $20 million to $25 million impact for the rest of the year. So that's the primary piece. As it relates to sale of fibers, fuel, of course, impacts freight costs there. And then the other major impact, I would say, as you think about oil prices, flows over somewhat into our Wood Products business in terms of the cost for resin, et cetera. So those would be the major pieces.
Daniel Fulton: Just as a final comment, I made a note in my remarks that energy also does affect consumer confidence. The translation of oil prices into gas prices at the pump does have an impact on consumer confidence which affects the homebuilding business, which ultimately, as you know, flows back to the Wood Products business. When we get to $5 a gallon for gasoline, people start to change their habits and it makes them cautious.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Dan, you mentioned before some new products on the Cellulose Fibers side, and if I recall, you were doing something with a commodity viscose staple extender. Can you give some more details on that in terms of timing mix? How much that could potentially take out of your typical fluff pulp business and what your expectations are for those new ones?
Daniel Fulton: Yes. Patty talked about this about six weeks ago in a conference, and we are making a product, which has the ability to be an extender for dissolving pulp. It has a brand name called Pearl. And I think the estimate that we've made recently was that we may have as much as 60,000 tons this year. We've had very strong market response for that product. We've had a very limited number of shipments so far but we're building an order book for the balance of the year. It does give us the potential to increase average realizations across the pulp business. It's going to be a relatively small percentage of total production. But on the margin, it will give us some increased pricing power and it should benefit us. And you'll start to see that more in the balance of the year. Very limited activity in the first quarter.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is there some rough estimate, if you get to 60,000 tons of production, about how much of that would actually take out of the existing Cellulose Fibers production capacity?
Daniel Fulton: Well, it's not a 1-for-1 substitution. So as we shift over to that product, we have a corresponding loss in fluff volume, slightly more than 1:1, but it is more than made up by the increase in price.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, but it wouldn't be like a 2 for 1?
Daniel Fulton: No, no, no. Nothing that...
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And on your Wood Products side, you touched on Japan and how much of that is actually mix of revenues. Is there -- would you be able to give us an estimate of how much Japan actually makes up of your Wood Products division itself? Or is that...
Daniel Fulton: It's a small percentage of Wood Products historically. They've been a major log customer. We ship to Japan primarily from Canada where we ship our J-grade product. And out of our operations in Canada, it is a small percentage that flows there. As demand may pick up for rebuilding, we would have the ability perhaps to pick up lumber exports not just from Canada but also the U.S. But primarily, they're a purchaser of spruce, and so that would be coming out of our Canadian operations. By and far, as we talked about Japan, it's a log market and it is a Cellulose Fibers market for us, both pulp and liquid packaging board.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Trying to get a handle on the potential of impact of increased purchases from Japan for your log business related to rebuilding. I realize it's very difficult to forecast especially on the timing. But if we look back to Kobe, can you give us a sense as to what type of impact that you think that that has on your log business? Did it perhaps increase your log sales to Japan by 50% versus where the run rates might have otherwise been for a 3- to 5-year period? Or how would you frame what happened in that prior situation? And if you have any perspective on how the current situation might differ that you'd share, that would be great, too.
Daniel Fulton: I don't have numbers on the impact on our log shipments from that period. The most significant aspect of the Kobe rebuild was that wood frame construction performed very well in that earthquake. And so following that earthquake, there was a more significant adoption of Western-style framing for the construction of single-family homes. And that's now part of their building code so that's not a barrier that we would have to overcome. Longer term, that may be an opportunity for us in China because the Chinese do not build stick frame homes. They build with concrete and brick. And so a terrific long-term opportunity if the Chinese would start to build wood frame houses. So I can't comment on the impact on our log exports. I can just tell you that we've got solid long-term customers that buy our logs, that convert them into structural wood frame products. And so we're positioned with those relationships, not only with the operators of sawmills, but also the trading companies that we've worked with over the years that to the extent that there's a market opportunity and a demand for those products, we'd be able to take advantage of that.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Maybe let me try and come out at a different way and perhaps you can provide some help. If we think about the Japanese housing market, order magnitude is 800,000 starts, maybe 450,000, 500,000 wood starts in the last year or so. If one were to make an assumption that there's going to be another 400,000 houses, but let's just say just pulling numbers out of the air, so it'd be 50% equivalent of one year. And you flow that over five years, then it would perhaps add 10% or so a year to Japanese housing starts, 10% to 20%, depending on how you calculate it. Would that translate to a 10% to 20% increase for you, or would it potentially be very different than the 10% to 20%? So the last part being kind of the question of, if we make a judgment on how much the impact is going to be on Japanese housing starts, how does that then flow back to you?
Daniel Fulton: I can't comment on your modeling and how you would approach it. I assume that we will receive our share of product demand for rebuilding. But remember, they get Wood Products from all over the world, not just North America sending either our finished lumber or logs to Japan. The key for us is to leverage the long-term relationships and the logistical advantages that we have and we will take advantage of this much opportunity as possible. And the timing will play out. As I said, they need to deal with temporary housing. There's about 150,000 homes that were destroyed, their focus right now is on temporary housing which is both steel and wood frame, and then they'll get to focusing on permanent rebuilding. And in some cases, some of the homes that were damaged are in areas where it's going to be a while before there's any rebuilding because they have concerns about radiation, of course.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just one last real quick one. I guess I was a little surprised that we didn't see a bigger increase in the Pacific Northwest log pricing relative at least to the fourth quarter? Are those -- is that mix shifts that are offsetting what seem to have been even bigger increases by specific grade?
Daniel Fulton: Well, prices have been moving up and there is some mix. We also have some portion of our logs, as Patty said, that are actually sold domestically to customers that end up flowing them to Asia. So I'm not sure that I'm answering your question, Mark. Restate it one more time.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: If you look at your Pacific Northwest log prices, it was up 5% first quarter versus fourth quarter. And if you looked at what many of the movements on individual species of logs had been, it seemed to have been much bigger than that. So I was just trying to understand why there wasn't an even bigger increase 1Q versus 4Q in your average Pacific Northwest log realizations. And I wondered whether it was mix had something to do with that.
Patricia Bedient: So you do have some movement in mix, Mark, because Japan is still our biggest overall market. But in terms of movement quarter-over-quarter, I would say that China, which has a little bit lower price log, was a bigger -- had a bigger movement in the overall mix.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Right, that makes a lot of sense. And do the prices to the Japanese market, do you tend to have longer-term contracts that are much more stable or do they really move with the market as well?
Daniel Fulton: They move with the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just wanted to focus on Cellulose Fibers just for a second. Can you just calibrate the outages in the first quarter and possibly the second quarter, either on a tonnage basis or what you'd expect the maintenance cost to be? And then I had a follow-up just on how you're seeing the trends in the fluff market and how you'd think those trends would play out through the balance of 2011?
Patricia Bedient: So Rick, this is Patty, why don't I take the maintenance outage question? As you think about your average outage for our mill sets, on average, they'll run about 10 to 12 days and it will be about $1 million a day, just round numbers. So let's just say that's $12 million a mill. In the first quarter, we had two mills that were down. So that would be a total of $24 million. And then as Kathy said in her comments, we did spend about $7 million in the first quarter on the outages for the second quarter, just getting ready for those outages. So that would be around just a little bit over $30 million for the maintenance cost itself in the first quarter, and we do expense maintenance as it's incurred. So as we move into the second quarter then, I said we would complete our remaining outages for the year. So that means we have four in the second quarter. So again, back to our $12 million a mill, that would be $12 million times four, it would be $48 million. And if you took the $7 million that we already spent on that, we'd be just over $40 million. Now those are for average outages. And we do have one mill in the second quarter where we will be installing a capital project. So its outages, a little over twice as long or about twice as long as our normal outage would be. So let's just say that's another $10 million. So roughly quarter-over-quarter, you're looking at probably just over $30 million for the first quarter and just under $50 million for the second quarter for an increase of a little under $20 million.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. And just maybe just comment on how you're seeing the trends in fluff pulp because we've seen some certainly some tightening in paper grade pulp.
Daniel Fulton: There's been some tightening in paper grade fluff index. Prices have been off a bit. There is some substitution that's taking place where there's some fluff that is moving into the dissolving market and conversion of some machines. Our forecast that Patty provided is that we expect average realizations to be up. And that's a function of, in part, what we see as forward pricing but also there's some estimate of mix as we start to flow in some of our Pearl product.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just on Timberlands, please. First of all, are you currently marketing any nonstrategic land or is there anything pending?
Daniel Fulton: We are always in the market looking at land, in large part, to improve the mix of what we've got. The nonstrategic land that we sold in the first quarter was whitewood land. And we have had a strategy of moving into land that was better suited for Douglas fir. And so on the margin, we are always in the market but we have no significant nonstrategic land parcels on the market today.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. And obviously, you've been in the timber business for 100 years. But now that you're REIT, do you contemplate stratifying your landholdings at the core, noncore and maybe HBU [highest and best use] categories and discussing it with us?
Daniel Fulton: We're absolutely prepared to discuss that. We've provided numbers in the past. If you look at our inventory, we have a relatively small percentage of HBU because we have, over time, been active in marketing HBU and disposing of it. In terms of core versus noncore. A majority of our Timberlands, we consider to be core. They're in our primary operating areas and so we don't have any significant amount of land that we would consider not to be core. But we're happy to share those numbers and we'll provide a little bit more color in May. We have done that in the past and our core lands are well over 90% if you look at our Timberlands.
Kathryn McAuley: I'll turn the call now back to Dan.
Daniel Fulton: Okay, just a final comment. As always, we appreciate your comments and questions. And as a reminder, our Annual Investor Meeting will be held at the Sofitel Hotel in New York, 9 a.m. on Thursday, May 19, and I hope that many of you on the call will be able to join us. If you have further questions following today's call, I encourage you to follow up with Kathy McAuley. And I want to thank you for all joining us this morning.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Weyerhaeuser First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Patricia Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathryn McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to Welcome Everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to introduce Kathy McAuley, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I am Kathy McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and materials for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937.  Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported Q4 2010 net earnings of $171 million or $0.32 per diluted share, a net sales of $1.7 billion. Fourth quarter earnings include after-tax gains of $119 million from special items, an after-tax gain of $31 million on the sale of five short line railroads, an after-tax charge of $89 million for restructuring, closures and impairment. Income tax adjustments of $177 million, which include benefits of $149 million from the Cellulosic Biofuel Producers Credit and $22 million from the reversal of deferred tax liabilities related to the company's REIT conversion.  As we commented last quarter, the Cellulosic Biofuels Credit offsets income tax liability. We will carry the credit forward. Excluding these items, the company reported Q4 2010 net earnings of $52 million or $0.10 per diluted share.  For the full year of 2010, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings of $1,281,000,000 or $3.99 per diluted share on net sales of $6.6 billion. Full year 2010 earnings, include $1,064,000,000 from income tax adjustments related to Weyerhaeuser's conversion to a Real Estate Investment Trust.  The financial data accompanying our earnings release has been redesigned. We hope you find this new format useful and welcome your comments. Please turn to the earnings information package available on our website. This package includes a GAAP reconciliation of special item. In our discussions of the business segments, we will refer to Charts 4 through 10.  Turning to Chart 4, changes in contribution to earnings by segment. This chart illustrates the change in contribution by business segments from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. We began our business segment discussion of the fourth quarter with Timberlands, Charts 5 and 6.  In the fourth quarter, Timberlands contributed $56 million pretax to earnings. The Q3 pretax contribution was $75 million. Earnings from non-strategic Timberlands disposition declined from $34 million in Q3 to $19 million in Q4.  Sales volumes declined 3%. Costs were higher due to seasonal downtime in the West and slightly higher fuel costs in silvicultured spending in the South. Key depletion declined 3% in fourth quarter as we continue to defer the harvest. In 2010, the fee harvest was down an additional 10% from the already reduced level of 2009.  Western log prices rose 4% while Southern log prices declined 4%. Japanese log export softened in Q4. However, log exports to China increased 10% in the quarter. Japan continues to be our largest log export market.  Wood Products, Charts 7 and 8. Seasonally slower demand and continued difficult market conditions affected the fourth quarter. Before special items, Wood Products lost $85 million. In the previous quarter, the segment lost $100 million. Log cost were slightly lower in the quarter and SG&A cost decreased. Total sales realizations were flat in Q4 with slight increases in lumber prices offsetting decreases in OSB and plywood prices. Lumber sales realizations increased $6 per thousand board feet or 2%. And OSB prices decreased $7 per thousand square feet or 4%.  Engineered Solid Section and I-joists sales realizations were flat compared to Q3. Lumber sales volume was down 8% and OSB sales volume decreased 5%. Volumes for Engineered Solid Sections declined 13% and Engineered I-joists volumes decreased 10%. Asset impairment, closures and restructuring charges of $103 million pretax were recognized in the fourth quarter. These charges were for the rationalization of capacity, which includes the permanent closure of three Wood Products facility.  Turning to Cellulose Fibers, Chart 9. In the fourth quarter, on a pretax basis, Cellulose Fibers earned $138 million. In the third quarter, the business earned $181 million. Costs increased and productivity was lower due to the impact of an annual maintenance outage at the New Bern North Carolina mill. There were no maintenance outages in the third quarter.  Pulp shipment volumes declined 2% due to the timing of shipments. Pulp prices were flat in the quarter.  And finally turning to Chart 10, Real Estate. Before special items, WRECO contributed $13 million pretax to Q4 earnings. In the third quarter, the business contributed $20 million.  The quarter included a $20 million charge for asset impairment and restructuring. 606 single-family homes were closed in Q4, a 21% increase from Q3. The fourth quarter is typically the highest quarter for closings.  The average closing price rose to $439,000 from $400,000 due to mix. The margins on single-family homes sold increased to 26.1% for 24.3% in the previous quarter also due to mix. The quarter included $6 million in land sales and related activity. The backlog of single-family homes sold but not closed decreased to 439 units, a backlog of about 2.5 months. At the end of 2009, the backlog was 3.5 months.  I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Last year was one of continued market challenges but also a year where we enhanced our ability to return value to our shareholders and saw the benefits of the work we've done to improve our operations.  The most noteworthy event of 2010 involved the completion of our conversion to a Real Estate Investment Trust. In the process, shareholders received a $5.6 billion special dividend.  Going forward, we are targeting a dividend payout ratio of 75% of funds available for distribution over the cycle. Our Board will determine and declare the actual dividend on a quarterly basis, but beginning in March, we anticipate paying a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share or $0.60 per share on an annualized basis.  Converting to a REIT enhances our ability to operate and grow our core asset. The more than 6 million acres of valuable, sustainably managed timberland that we hold and it provides significant benefits to our shareholders.  Throughout 2010, market conditions required our business segments to adjust their strategies and their focus. Timberlands continue to defer harvest to preserve the long-term value of our core asset. As Kathy noted, harvest levels dropped 10% compared with 2009.  We took advantage of our strategically located Western lands and export facilities to grow Pacific Rim export volumes. Increased exports helped to offset weak domestic demand, which is primarily linked to U.S. housing markets. In 2010, our export volumes grew 18% year-over-year and export share of our total volume increased from 14% to 19%.  Increases in shipments to China slightly exceeded increases to Japan for the year though Japan still represents over 75% of our total export volume.  Wood Products fades to highly volatile market in 2010 as prices rose sharply in the first four months of the year before experiencing a precipitous decline beginning at the end of the second quarter. As you know, on October 1, I asked Larry Burrows to lead this business.  While performance is still unacceptable, our focus on controlling costs, improving cash flow and rightsizing capacity for our long-term needs has begun to show some progress. Wood Products loss narrowed in the fourth quarter even though that quarter is typically our weakest of the year.  WRECO is one of the most profitable homebuilders in the country in 2010 despite another extremely challenging year for the U.S. housing market. For the year, we increased margins from 18% to 24% by aggressively cutting costs and leveraging the unique value propositions and local market knowledge of our experienced managers.  Our Cellulose Fibers segment set both earnings and production records in 2010. These achievements are the result of our focus on meeting the needs of our global customers by improving mill system productivity and reducing operating costs, actions that positioned us to take full advantage of strong market conditions for pulp.  As we mentioned in December, we expect similar housing market conditions for our businesses in 2011. This will continue to present challenges for our Timberlands, Wood Products and Homebuilding segments.  In December, our outlook for Cellulose Fibers assume some weakening in pulp prices in 2011 but we're pleased that pricing so far in 2011 has remained relatively stable. Despite continuing market challenges, I expect improved performance from our businesses due to progress that we made in 2010, and our ongoing improvements, operational changes and enhanced cost efficiencies.  We expect to continue to defer a portion of our timber harvest although volumes will increase over 2010. In addition, we will flex our harvest in response to market opportunities, including meeting the growing demand from the Asian export market. I expect our Wood Products segment to be cash flow positive. I expect that WRECO, our Homebuilding segment, will continue delivering strong delivery performance relative to its peers. And finally, I expect continued strong operating performance from Cellulose Fibers.  I'll now turn the call over to Patty, who will provide our first quarter outlook
Patricia Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody. The outlook comments for the businesses are summarized on Chart 11, and I'll begin my comments with Timberlands.  In the West, export and domestic log prices are expected to increase somewhat due to continued strong demand from China. Southern log realizations may be down slightly. Fee harvest volumes are anticipated to increase seasonally in both the South and the West. We don't expect to incur any downtime in the West as was the case in the fourth quarter.  Cost will likely increase in the West due to higher road costs. But in the South, they should decrease due to seasonally lower silviculture cost. Earlier today, we announced the closing of the sale of approximately 82,000 acres of non-strategic plans in the West. This sale represents results in a pretax gain of approximately $150 million in the first quarter. The transaction represents the sale of the remainder of the storm-damaged whitewoods that we had on the market during 2010. We're pleased with the sales price of approximately $200 million or $2,400 per acre, which is good value given the mix of species and age classes.  Before the effect of this sale, we expect that earnings in the first quarter will be higher than the fourth quarter. In Wood Products, we expect that prices and volumes for lumber and OSB will increase over the fourth quarter. Engineered Wood realizations are likely to be flat.  Manufacturing costs should be lower for all product lines due to less downtime and obtaining the benefits of recent capacity rationalization and cost reductions. While the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter, we do anticipate the loss to decrease significantly compared to the fourth quarter.  Market conditions for our sale of Cellulose Fibers segment continued to be favorable. Global inventories for pulp were at low levels as we entered the quarter. The weak U.S. dollar, strong Chinese demand and a steadily improving global economy should result in continued strong pricing in the first quarter.  Our pulp shipment volumes are expected to increase modestly compared to the fourth quarter. Manufacturing costs will likely increase in the first quarter due to higher fiber and chemical costs. Increased scheduled annual maintenance outages will result in higher maintenance costs and decreased productivity compared to the fourth quarter.  We expect earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment to be lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. In our Homebuilding segment, we expect margins and prices to decline due to mix. As Kathy has already discussed, we entered the year with a low backlog and market conditions remain challenging.  The first quarter is seasonally a slow quarter for closings and we expect to close approximately 200 fewer homes than in the fourth quarter. We anticipate a slight loss in our single-family homebuilding operations for the first quarter.  Now I'll turn to some overall financial comments. As we previously announced in December, we anticipate that the Board will declare quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share to be paid in March. This payout will be approximately $80 million.  Following our December announcement, we were pleased that S&P issued a report raising the outlook for our credit rating from negative to stable. We ended the year with strong liquidity, including cash balances of over $1.4 billion and an unused line of credit of $1 billion. We will be focused on renewing this credit line, which expires at the end of this year.  Our scheduled debt maturities for 2011 are approximately $30 million, although debt maturities at the beginning of 2012 are over $700 million. Capital expenditures for the company totaled $234 million in 2010 before consideration of cash receipts for government credits of approximately $25 million.  For 2011, we expect to spend approximately $250 million. In addition, we expect to receive approximately $15 million of additional government credits for energy-related products -- projects at our Grande Prairie, Alberta pulp mill. Net of these credits, our cash spend is estimated to be $235 million.  We anticipate that we will have a seasonal working capital build in the first quarter, primarily related to our Wood Products segment. The amount will depend on market conditions and we will continue our focus of matching supply with demand. During the first quarter, we will also make our semi-annual interest payments of approximately $130 million. We received the proceeds from the 82,000-acre timber sale yesterday and those will help offset these cash outflows.  So economic conditions may be challenging in 2011, we are focused on increasing our financial and operating performance and creating value for shareholders.  Now I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward your questions
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. In summary, as I reflect on 2010 performance, I see improvement in all businesses shown overall by our swing to profitability. Our 2010 results were positively impacted by actions that we took and improvements that we made.  Clearly, I'm not satisfied with where we are but we're headed in the right direction and are well positioned to produce improved operating results. In 2011, our continued focus on improving what we control, while being ready to take advantage of any uptick in market conditions, is the right strategy for achieving improved 2011 financial results.  And now, Kathy, we'll move to Q&A.
Kathryn McAuley: Nicole, could we please open the floor for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Can you talk a little bit more about the restructuring activity in Wood Products and help us understand the opportunity there, perhaps discussing the benefits from the closures that you received and any potential targets that we can kind of get our heads around as we model 2011?
Daniel Fulton: Yes. So within our Wood Products business, our primary product lines, as you know, our lumber, Oriented Strand Board, Engineered Wood Products. And then we have the Distribution business, which is primarily focused on distributing and marketing our engineered product. Our focus in Wood Products starts with a review of capacity utilization. That led us to take the impairments that we announced in December where we took a permanent closure in several facilities that we had shut down previously but determined that at least in the next two to three year period, we would not need that capacity. So our focus is on managing our capacity to deal with today's level of demand and that we anticipate in the next two to three years. We're focused on improving capacity utilization that will bring down our manufacturing costs. But in the shutdown of those facilities, we'll also be saving some noncash expense in the form of depreciation but also security and maintenance costs that are related to those facilities. In all of our product lines, we are focused on improving margins, both from improved pricing opportunities, as well as continued cost reductions both through our operating and manufacturing costs but also in our SG&A. We took G&A out in the fourth quarter. We expect to take out some more this year as well as selling cost. So Gail, our focus in Wood Products is to respond to the market that we have today, to be prepared to respond when the market recovers but in fact, be cash positive with the demand that we have today.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And are there incremental savings I see the impairment positions in December, there would be some savings that you expect to see in the first quarter from those?
Daniel Fulton: Yes, they will start to show up in the first quarter both SG&A, as well as you'll see some reduction and depreciation. And we should expect to see manufacturing costs start to fall a bit as a result of higher utilization in the facilities that we are operating.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And Dan, can you give us a sense of what operating rates were in the fourth quarter?
Daniel Fulton: You're going to have to give me a minute to respond to that, Gail.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: While you look that up just another generic question, I know it's a little bit early, but can you talk about what you're hearing and obviously, your WRECO's backlogs are pretty thin right now just what you're hearing about the spring selling season?
Daniel Fulton: Yes, I'll talk about WRECO and then I'll come back to our operating rates in our Wood Products facilities. With respect to the whole market, we and others, entered the year with lower backlogs than we had one year ago. That's an impact primarily of the housing tax credit that was in place at the beginning of 2010 that as you know, went away at the end of April. So we're entering the new year and other builders entering the year with low backlogs. Normally, the spring selling season starts to kick in following the Super Bowl weekend. So don't count on it this week. But believe me, we are going to be looking for traffic signs and sales signs in our own Homebuilding business. But I think what we do is reflective of what other builders do. So what we and other builders would expect to see is some pick up in activity but traffic has been relatively anemic. Homebuyers are still challenged with qualification for mortgages, if they're a first time buyer. If they're a move-up buyer, they are challenged by: number one, the ability to sell their house; and secondly, a number of these move-up buyers may have mortgages that are underwater so that makes the market relatively sticky. And so as we look at 2011, we and others, think of 2011 as a bit of a mirror image of 2010. So 2010 started out more strong, ended up weak. We would expect 2011 to start out weak and then be stronger as we go through the year in order to get to the numbers that are forecast by most economists for 2011 starts. In terms of operating rates in the fourth quarter, in our Lumber business that we were operating at about 60% of capacity. In our OSB business, we were operating at 49% of capacity. In our Engineered Wood Products business, it was more in the 30% range. So Engineered Wood Products, as you know, primarily go into new home construction. Lumber, we've got a number of different markets, including the repair and remodel market. OSB has some alternatives other than just new home construction but the Engineered is focused on new home construction.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: I guess for Patty, can you talk a little bit about how we should think about the tax rate for 2011?
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Gail. As you know, the tax rate as we go forward is pretty sensitive to the blend of income in the REIT versus the TRS. And of course, the income in the REIT is not taxable. So as we sit here today, we would look at the blended tax rate being something just a little over 20% for 2011 as we go forward maybe around the 22%, but it'll change depending upon how that mix changes as we go out in the year, but that's our best estimate at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I was curious on the land you sold in Washington, can you comment on the average age of the inventory?
Patricia Bedient: I would say, Pete, I don't have the average age overall but the whitewood that were predominantly on that land were more of the merge. There were doug fir some but it's pretty merged that's on there. So the whitewood stance would be a higher age class than the lesser amount of doug fir that was there.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: So is it fair to characterize as mostly pre-merge or is it not necessarily the case?
Patricia Bedient: There was some but remember these are the storm-damaged lands that were damaged by the storm in 2007. So we had salvaged. This particular track I think didn't have I think as much as some of the others but we did salvage a lot of wood off those storm-damaged lands that we sold.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And Dan, I was curious if you could comment on Shipping, remind us what you have in terms of assets in that business. And does it provide a competitive advantage to your Pacific Northwest timber as you look at the Asian opportunity?
Daniel Fulton: We have a Shipping business, Westwood shipping. The primary business of Westwood is really container trade, Pete. And our largest log customer in Japan operates its own ships into our West Coast operations. And so our logs are going out on their ships. As we shipped to China and Korea, some of that log volume goes out in containers, some of it goes out on a bulk [ph]. We are not dependent on our own ships although some of them are used for that purpose. So it's not a critical strategic need for us as it might have been in the past given that there's a range of alternatives for exporting those logs.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Patty, can you update us on the underfunded pension balance at the end of the year?
Patricia Bedient: Sure. Our funded status has improved year-over-year. Just going back to last year at this time, we were underfunded about $600 million on a PBO basis. And as we sit here today, we're just under $500 million underfunded. Now this includes the liability for our nonqualified plans as well as our qualified plans. And as you know, we don't fund the nonqualified plans. That's about $200 million of that balance. As we look at underfunded status, it improved as a result certainly of the contributions that we made, also the return on the assets that we have invested in those funds. So our investment return was probably on the order of around $500 million. Benefit payments out of those plans were around $330 million. And then the other big piece that moved in a negative way in terms of this funded status would be in the actuarial assumption around discount rate. Now the discount rate in the U.S. for example, we moved from 5.9 down to 5.4.. In Canada, from 6.1 down to 5.3.. The interest rate assumptions increased the underfunded status by about $370 million. So that was a negative factor as we look at the funding. So those are some of the puts and takes. And as we filed the 10-K later this month, you'll see all of the details of it, but those are the main swings in the underfunded status. One thing I would point out as you look forward into 2011, the noncash expense associated with these plans will change. In 2010, we had a $47 million pension credit as we amortized the actuarial assumption changes. As we go into 2011, that will swing to a $60 million noncash expense, as we amortize the actuarial losses that are on our balance sheet today and but they sit in other comprehensive income. So as we amortized those through the P&L and expense, we anticipate about a $60 million pension expense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Crédit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: First question just to make sure we have this right. You mentioned, Patty, a $60 million expense of noncash for this year. What was it in 2010?
Patricia Bedient: 2010, it was for pension, it was a $47 million credit.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: So that will be a swing that we'll see sort of on ongoing earnings of $107 million then?
Patricia Bedient: Yes. So remember, that's as I said, that's a noncash charge that runs through the P&L. The other piece that you're probably interested in would be the pension contributions that we anticipate in 2011. I had said on the third quarter call that we thought that we would be contributing about $100 million in 2011 to our Canadian plan. That looks like it'll be probably more on the order of $80 million as we finalize the numbers. We don't have to make a contribution to our U.S. plans in 2011. Any contribution that we would make would be not have to be made until 2012. But if we make a contribution at all, it likely will not be of any significant amounts because our U.S. plans are just slightly underfunded. The other payout will be in our nonqualified plan, the ones that I said that we don't fund and that runs around $20 million pretty much year-to-year.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: And Patty, as we look at that $107 million swing, that doesn't occur on the corporate line, right? It actually is in the segments and can you give us, if that's true, what the rough breakdown is?
Patricia Bedient: Sure. What we do for pension expense, we take the pension expense through the Corporate segment and we allocate out to each of the segments their portion of the service costs. So they don't get the whole expense. They do just get the service cost going forward and the offset comes into the corporate line. So for example as you look on Page 9, I think it is of the analyst package, we've mentioned that we have about $74 million of credit in the Corporate segment in 2010. That $74 million is higher than the number I gave you before because the offset to it is the expense that's charged in the segment. And we'll give you a breakdown of that. I think it'll be about the charge that will go into the segment line. It's about $48 million. So we'll charge expense of $48 million into the segments and then we'll offset that credit in the Corporate segment to get a total net expense of $60 million.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: In the Timberlands, you mentioned you sold or had HBU sales or land sales of $131 million in '10 up from $77 million in '09. If we exclude the deal you just closed today, what is a good guess as to both the land sales, these exchanges and the HBU sales in 2011?
Patricia Bedient: Well, those sales since they are non-strategic, they come about as a part of upgrading our portfolio. So they're not all necessarily even HBU sales. They really are sales of Timberland, where we believe we can trade out of what we have currently for a better value in terms of those exchanges. So I think as we look over the course of the last few years. If you back out the sale that we announced for the 82,000 acres, it'll probably be something less than what we have had on an ongoing basis. And I think historically, those run in the realm of around $100 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Dan, is it possible to get some sort of sense of the benefit that you think you'll get from this pickup in Chinese purchases of logs and lumber? Because it sounds like what they're buying is kind of below what you typically try to sell.
Daniel Fulton: It is below what we try to sell in lumber. So let me take them in two parts, Mark. In terms of logs, as I mentioned in my remarks, we've seen a dramatic pickup in exports to China. It is still only about a fifth of the volume that we're sending to Japan but this has all happened over the last several years. For us, the pickup in exports to China started as we started to harvest the storm-damaged woods on the west side of Oregon and Washington following the December 2007 storm. So at that point, they were taking storm-damage wood as well as some of that was going to Korea. And over time, what we've seen is a steady upgrade in the value and the quality of the wood that they're taking. It's still not the same grade as the Japan log but there has been really a steady increase in both volume as well as the quality of the logs that they're importing. As you know, some of that's related to the slowdown in exports from Russia. But it seems like it's a combination of slowdown in Russia and perhaps some other markets that may have been exporting into China plus the general pickup in their economy. Still going into what we believe are industrial grades and industrial applications, concrete formwork et cetera, but there's been steady improvement. With respect to lumber, they started taking lumber primarily out of British Colombia, build damaged wood, and that continues to be the case. We are further away from the coast in D.C. and so that's not a primary market. But the benefit that we see is to the extent that any volume of logs or lumber is being exported to China, on a marginal basis creates more opportunity for us in North America.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Second question I had is just generally any thoughts about kind of the potential for more non-strategic asset sales in 2011 whether that's likely to be a material amount for you guys?
Daniel Fulton: We have some non-strategic assets we've identified in the past, as you know, we had identified the railroads. We had identified some of those non-strategic Timberland. We evaluate opportunities all the time and our goal was to monetize them when the market's appropriate but I can't give you any guidance for specifics for the balance of this year, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then the other thing I was curious about is just your Specialty Cellulose business, because it seems like a lot of your competitors have been making moves here over the last six to 12 months. GP acquired a pretty large producer and is converting to fluff. Rayonier is looking at investing to kind of go up the value chain and Domtar is getting in the -- how do you think about what you want to do in that business going forward?
Daniel Fulton: We like the Fluff business. We've got strong customer relationships with customers that are growing globally that need the product that we produce. We have seen some shift to fluff as you identified both with Domtar as well as GP. But at the same time, there is this increased interest in dissolving pulp with some manufacturers talking about converting some of their fluff capacity to dissolving pulp. So we view that as positive because there may be some existing fluff that may be converted and that will create some opportunity for us. We have customer relationships globally and we'll continue to seek out opportunities to improve the mix that we produce in the overall margin that we're able to gain out of selling to those customers. But the market is in flux a bit as you know, with this heavy demand for dissolving pulp driven primarily by, what I believe, are about 140 year-high prices for cotton.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Could you see putting a lot more capital into the Cellulose business?
Daniel Fulton: I can't see putting a lot more capital in the near term. We are investing to maintain the effectiveness of our mills. A lot of the capital that we put into our mills is targeted at projects that will reduce cost, primarily energy. So we've got some green energy projects and those that will improve our cost of production but we're not anticipating any significant increase in capital spend.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Is it possible, Patty, to just help us kind of bridge on the maintenance in that business as we go from fourth quarter to first quarter? It sounds like it's going to be up but I'm not sure how much it's going to be up, and then what kind of a drop-off we might see as we go into the second quarter?
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Mark. Let me start by saying, as you point out, the maintenance outages are lumpy in that business. So last year, we had two in the first quarter, three in the second and then shorter one in the fourth, which was our New Bern, North Carolina mill. So as we go moving from the fourth to the first quarter now, we will have two outages in the first quarter. Those outages will be longer and somewhat more extensive than the New Bern shutdown in the fourth quarter. I think the way to think about it is that in terms of increased expense over what we spent in the fourth quarter, for maintenance spend itself, it will probably be on the order of say, $25 million to $30 million additional maintenance expense. And then we'll also have an impact to productivity of those two mills being down and some additional chemical costs. So I think that's the way to think of going from Q4 to Q1. And then in Q2, it depends on how many mills will be down in Q2 but if it was similar to last year, for example, where we had three, we actually had more maintenance in the second but I don't have that maintenance schedule in front of me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: When we look at your changes you made in the Homebuilding offerings, you made a lot of changes in price points and value propositions. And it looks like that has paid off nicely when I hear your comments and think about what's happened to margins. Can you give us a sense, Dan, of whether we're going to see another shift like that this year or should we be thinking of this as more of a slowly evolving shift in trends? Because the last one was sort of a big discrete step change, I'm just wondering if we should be anticipating something like that again.
Daniel Fulton: You should not anticipate a significant step change. This is really an ongoing process that all of our subsidiaries are engaged in, not just because of the market that we're in today but they continue to adjust their value propositions over time. We do have an evolving market today and there has been a shift to somewhat smaller product. Although ironically, our one operation in the Pacific Northwest Quadrant Homes, which is a first-time buyer of Homebuilder has actually upgraded their product in today's market and that seems to be a more effective value proposition than their old ones. So what you see in the results is a function of, I think, our local operators are finding to opportunities and competitive niches in their own market places. And it's also a function of the markets in which we operate, our land position, which as you know, is significant as compared to some other homebuilders, and we've been able to capitalize on that in this market.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So overall, are you saying that you're pretty happy with the propositions across all the markets right now?
Daniel Fulton: We are. These are all very competitive markets. And if you were to think about longer-term shifts in product type, I don't think we would see anything radical in WRECO. There may be some greater shifts in some of the national homebuilders as they have downsized product and everyone is searching for a formula that will make them successful and fundamentally make them profitable. We watch that from the perspective of our Wood Products business because to the extent that higher density product is being built, that has some implications for Engineered Wood Products. Square footage changes have an implication on the amount of lumber and Engineered Wood Products, which is used in every single house.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: On the book tax rate, you gave us that, thank you. Is it fair to say that your cash taxes would be a lot lower because of being able to use Biofuel Credits et cetera? Can you tell us what cash taxes would likely be?
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Mark. You're exactly right. We will utilize the biofuel tax credit going forward. So cash taxes for 2011, I would anticipate would be significantly lower than our book tax.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: And then second, you talked about over the course of the cycle paying out roughly 75% of funds available to the dividend potentially. Should we be thinking about things like the Washington sale as a part of those funds available? Or do you think of that as something separate and then how about the other $100 million or so of land sales that you would typically have in the year? Would that be something that would be included in your thought process of funds available or not?
Patricia Bedient: Sure. Let me think about or talk about 2011. So as we said the dividend, talked with the Board and they determined the final dividend for 2011, we did have knowledge about these asset sales at that point in time. And as we said on our dividend call, they were included in the numbers in the consideration for setting the dividend in 2011. I think as we go forward past that, it's the large numbers that if we were to have additional non-strategic plans of a really significant amount that we deal with that at that point in time, we don't have any identified at this point. In terms of an ongoing just the normal timber sales that we do on a regular basis, those would be included in our funds available for distribution. But remember that a lot of those, we do with 1031 exchanges to avoid having to pay the tax on them because even though we are in the REIT for the next 10 years, we will have to pay tax on any timberland that we sell. So I'd anticipate that just as a course of business to the extent we can, we would try to do those with 1031 exchanges.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: On the Timberland harvest for 2011, can you give us a sense of what you expected it to be relative to 2010?
Daniel Fulton: We expect it to be up. You would like a percentage, wouldn't you?
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: I'd love it.
Patricia Bedient: I don't think it's up probably any more than 10%, Mark, but let us take a look at that and get you a more...
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Just one last clarification, on the pension. If I understand it rightly, since service and cost would probably stay roughly the same in 2011 to 2010. So for modeling purposes, effectively that $107 million swing would basically run through the corporate line. Is that the right way to look at it? And if so, what should we use in order of magnitude for corporate expense for the full year?
Patricia Bedient: That is it pretty close to the right way to look at it. I think, Mark, we're going to be charging about as I said before right around $40 million or $50 million to the segments. So if you took that -- and last year, I think we had roughly the same number, maybe just a little lower than that but it was in the low to mid-40s. So I think your analysis about all-in, year-over-year in the segment is going to be pretty similar. So last year, for example, we had a net credit of $47 million. We charged the segments about $42 million, I think. And so the additional credit that you see on the analyst package on Page 9 for the Corporate segment I think was $74 million. That $74 million also includes an offset of about $16 million that for the post-employment benefit costs. So you've got two things going on there. You've got pension and other post-employment costs and we don't charge the other post employment out to the various segments. So that would stay in the corporate. So going forward then into 2011, we'll have about $16 million for pension and another $16 million again for other post employment. Those will run through the corporate line and then we will also charge out to the segments about $48 million, I think it is, and that credit will come into the segment line at Corporate.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: So will Corporate be roughly $20 million, $25 million a quarter in 2011 for everything?
Patricia Bedient: For everything, it'll be about $16 million, for other post-employment benefits. And for pension, it'll be about another $10-ish million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Going back to the Pulp business a little bit, you're old Cosmopolis mills now coming back as a desolving pulp mill. So when you see assets coming back, does it make you change your view on whether to close or sell them and that could be applicable to building materials as well?
Daniel Fulton: It hasn't changed our view with respect to the Cosmopolis mill. And in particular, let me just talk about that. That was a business that we decided to exit. It was a mill that took a significant amount of capital to maintain and operate over time. And we were pleased to sell it. The impact of that mill coming back is actually positive because it creates some additional demand for fiber in the region and puts a number of people back to work in that community that were long-time Weyerhaeuser employees. As we look at other facilities, we look at the impact of the mill if we were to sell it, becoming a competitor. So the Cosmopolis mill is not a competitor of ours. If we were to be exiting other manufacturing facilities, including some in the Wood Products business, we would certainly evaluate the impact on our position in the remaining facilities in that sector and make a determination accordingly whether or not we wanted to sell it or shut it down.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Could you just confirm that the 82,000 acres that you're selling was part of your 2011 expectations when you establish your dividend policy in December?
Daniel Fulton: Yes, it was. We had talked last year about the fact that it had been on the market for a period of time. The last guidance that I provided about that was that we had increased interest and we thought that we would have a transaction that we might be able to execute really in 2011. So it was factored into our expectations when we provided our dividend guidance.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Joshua Barber with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your cash position given what we've seen recently in the credit markets? Cash net of or including the Hancock sale this morning seems to be closer to $1.6 billion and you have some pretty modest capital spending targets for '11 and even taking into account the 2012 debt maturities, at what point I guess, the question is, what level of cash balances do you feel comfortable running at for the next couple of years? And would you feel comfortable with your refinancing prospects in 2012 that you're sufficiently comfortable using some of that cash today for other shareholder activities?
Patricia Bedient: Well, as we go in into 2011, I think as we talked about on the dividend call, we knew that we would have this cash coming in on the sale. As we look forward, the 2011 environment is pretty uncertain in terms of the housing market. And as we think about our cash balances, we were very comfortable looking at dividend-ing out pretty close to 100% of our funds available from distribution in 2011. We're in the process of looking at renewing our credit line of $1 billion that expires at the end of this year. So I think as we go forward, we'll continue to think about what the best use of cash is and how the markets unfold in terms of economic recovery in 2011. So what we said in terms of a debt balance was that we thought that given the cyclicality and the makeup of the portfolio as we sit here today, that's something under $4 billion of total debt would be appropriate. Now as you point out, on a net debt basis, we are there as we sit here today and that really depends on what we do with our cash going forward. But we're very comfortable that we can deal with those maturities, we're comfortable that we can deal with the economic scenarios as they unfold. And how much cash we will need will be a function of all of those as well as renewing our bank credit line, which I think will be a very favorable development.
Joshua Barber - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You had referenced before some increasing manufacturing costs and chemical costs on the Fibers business. Can you talk a little bit more about that maybe in percentage terms, what you're seeing there and what the expectations are for the first half of the year?
Daniel Fulton: Expectations, Josh, are that those costs are moving up a bit. In some locations, we've got fiber costs also increasing. I don't have a specific percentage that I can provide you at this point.
Patricia Bedient: I don't have a specific percentage for you, Josh. Part of the chemical cost increase also in the first quarter over the fourth quarter is a result, I think of additional maintenance because we tend to use additional chemicals when we take the mills down for maintenance. So I don't know that, that was necessarily a long-term chemical cost but it really will be a function of what happens to oil prices as we go forward and how that impacts the rest of the chemical costs. So we don't have a longer-term forecast on the first quarter for you.
Daniel Fulton: So as we close the call, I'd just like to summarize our key theme for the new year. And that is that as we and other builders enter 2011 with lower sales backlogs in the year ago, we'll need housing sales to gain momentum throughout the year in order to reach forecasted annual levels.  Our focus therefore, in our Timberlands Wood Products and WRECO businesses is to continue to improve profitability in today's level of demand, while being prepared to take advantage of our significant operating leverage if the pace of recovery picks up.  In our Cellulose Fibers business, we'll continue to focus on operational excellence, while meeting the needs of our growing customers. The closing of our approximately $200 million sale of non-strategic lands in the West that we announced earlier today is a solid start for the year and we look forward to building on this base with improving operational performance.  We appreciate all of your attention this morning and encourage you to follow up with Kathy McAuley if you have further questions. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Patricia Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathryn McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank AG Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group George Staphos Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to introduce Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. McAuley, you may begin your conference.
Kathryn McAuley: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I am Kathy McCauley, Vice President of Investor Relations. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253)924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this call. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings of $1,116,000,000 for the third quarter or $3.50 per diluted share on net sales of $1.7 billion. This compares with essentially break-even results on net sales of $1.4 billion for the same period last year. In the second quarter of 2010, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings of $14 million or $0.07 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Earnings for the third quarter included $1,035,000,000 from income tax adjustments primarily related to the reversal of deferred taxes as a result of Weyerhaeuser's conversion to a REIT. Excluding the income tax adjustment, Weyerhaeuser reported Q3 net earnings of $81 million or $0.25 per diluted share, a $137 million increase compared with last year's third quarter. On our website, we provided an earnings information package, which includes a GAAP reconciliation of special items. You will notice that we had added new information to this package. We hope you find this information useful. We begin our discussion this morning with a review of Chart 4, the waterfall chart in the earnings information package. A discussion of each business covering Charts 5 to 10 will then follow. Turning to Chart 4, changes in contribution to earnings by segment. Weyerhaeuser's segment earnings for the second quarter of 2010 to the third quarter were as follows beginning with the first bar on the left-hand side of the page. In the second quarter, Weyerhaeuser earned $168 million before special items, interest and taxes. Timberlands ended Q3 with earnings $5 million higher than in Q2. Wood Products earnings were $89 million lower than in the second quarter. Cellulose Fibers contributed $107 million more to earnings in the third quarter. Earnings from Real Estate were $7 million lower than second quarter, and Corporate & Other contributed $2 million more in Q3. The final bar to the right of the page is Weyerhaeuser's third quarter earnings of $186 million before special items, interest and taxes. Turning next to the business segments, we begin the discussion with Timberlands, Charts 5 and 6. Timberlands contributed $75 million to pretax earnings in Q3, $5 million more than in Q2. The Q3 disposition of non-strategic Timberlands was $34 million pretax compared to $14 million pretax in Q2. This increase was partially offset by lower log price realizations as illustrated on Chart 6. Log prices in the West declined 7%. Export sales realizations were down 5% due to mix. Log prices in the South were flat. Chart 6 shows fee harvest volumes in the West and South. The fee harvest was seasonally stronger in the third quarter. Western harvest volume rose a modest 3%. Southern volume increased 10%. Year-to-date, the Western harvest is down 18%, and the South is down 15% from last year. Harvest deferrals continue. Spending for road and silviculture was seasonally higher, silviculture spending including a catch-up from activities deferred as a result of poor weather earlier this year. Turning next to Wood Products, Charts 7 and 8. Market conditions rapidly deteriorated at the end of second quarter and difficult markets persisted in Q3. Wood Products lost $100 million, $89 million worth in the Q2 lost before special items of $11 million. As indicated on Chart 8, lumber prices declined 18% or $61 per thousand board feet and OSB prices plummeted 30% or $81 per thousand square feet. Engineered Wood Products prices increased slightly, but engineered I-joist shipments fell 24%. The Wood Products business reduced working capital by $54 million during Q3 and ended the quarter at cash breakeven. Turning to Cellulose Fibers, Chart 9. In third quarter, Cellulose Fibers on a pretax basis earned $181 million, contributing $107 million more to earnings than in second quarter. During the quarter, pulp prices reached a 15-year peak. Pulp price realizations increased by $70 per ton, 8% higher than in Q2. Pulp sales volumes increased 8% in the quarter. There were no maintenance outages in Q3, resulting in $30 million less of maintenance spending and an improvement in productivity. There had been three maintenance outages in the second quarter. Real Estate, Chart 10. In third quarter, Real Estate contributed $20 million to pretax earnings, including income from partnerships. This contribution from Real Estate was $7 million lower in the third quarter from the second quarter. The volume of single-family homes closed declined 20% from 625 closings to 501 closing. However, due to mix, average prices improved 8% and gross margins modestly increased. Land and lot sales were fewer in the quarter. Land and lots sales were $4 million in Q3 versus $13 million in Q2. The backlog of homes sold but not closed declined in the quarter and stands at 660 units. The cancellation rate edged down 20% from 22%. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning to everyone who is joining us today. I'm pleased to provide my comments this morning on the quarterly results, as well as a review of current market conditions. We have some good news to share regarding the record performance of our Cellulose Fibers business and the ability of our Real Estate business to produce its third consecutive profitable quarter in a very weak market. However, we continue to face challenging market conditions for Wood Products, which requires our continued focus on improving the performance of this business. Before I comment on market conditions and our financial performance, I want to talk about the management changes we announced on October 1. Leadership is a critical element of business success. The changes I've recently made will accelerate our rate of improvement in our overall competitiveness. First, I've eliminated the role of Executive Vice President for Forest Products and the leaders of each of our four major business segments now report directly to me, increasing my direct involvement in our operations. Our most important asset is our Timberlands, and that's why I've placed Tom Gideon in our Timberlands lead role. Tom has deep experience in Timberlands management having previously led the business. I expect Tom to apply his broad set of experiences to managing our core Timberlands assets and our new structure for the benefit of our shareholders. Wood Products has been our greatest challenge during the housing recession, and I have asked Larry Burrows to lead this business. Larry has been leading our Real Estate business since April of 2008. The last three years have been the most challenging period WRECO has ever experienced. During this difficult time, Larry provided strong leadership as WRECO repositioned land and product, reduce construction costs and significantly reduced SG&A. These changes in strong local leadership resulted in WRECO returning to profitability this year, outperforming much of the industry. I expect Larry to apply his strong operating skills, his intimate knowledge of the housing market and the homebuilding industry to improve profitability in our Wood Products segment. With Larry moving to the Wood Products business, I've chosen Peter Orser to lead WRECO. Peter, most recently, has been the President of WRECO's Puget Sound base subsidiary, Quadrant Homes. Under Peter's leadership, Quadrant became the largest homebuilder in the Pacific Northwest through its focus on manufacturing efficiency and profitably serving the needs of entry-level buyers. Our Cellulose Fibers business segment continues to be ably led by Shaker Chandrasekaran. As an introduction to the market conditions affecting our company, I remind you that three of our major businesses, Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate, continue to be impacted by conditions in the U.S. housing market, which are very challenging. We commented in this morning's release that the direction of the housing market remains uncertain. On our second quarter call, we noted that the improved momentum that began last year and carried through the first quarter suddenly turned to negative following the expiration of the housing tax credit at the end of April. These negative housing trends continue as evidenced by our own third quarter performance metrics compared with the third quarter one year ago. In WRECO, our quarterly new home sales declined 30%. In our Wood Products business, sales of our TJI joists, which primarily are used in new construction, decreased 28%. And in our Timberlands business, combined external and internal domestic log sales volume was 9% lower with export volumes helping to partially cushion the full impact of the drop in domestic demand. Housing fundamentals remain weak as we enter the final quarter of the year when construction activity is normally lower. This is a result of the lack of job recovery, low consumer confidence, stagnant home prices, the overhang of known and shadow inventory and this week's front page story, the growing uncertainty related to home foreclosures. New single-family starts for September were 452,000 on a seasonally adjusted basis, a slight improvement from the low levels in the summer, but unfortunately well below the 600,000 level that we assumed as we entered 2010. So let's discuss how these housing dynamics played out for us in the third quarter. Starting with our biggest challenge, Wood Products. We expected a significantly larger loss in the third quarter as compared with the second quarter because of rapidly deteriorating prices. Unfortunately, this is how the quarter played out. Comparing quarter-over-quarter segment results for Wood Products, 90% of the decrease in contribution was the result of price decline with lumber and OSB realizations dropping significantly from their second quarter peaks. On balance, quarter-over-quarter sales volume also suffered somewhat with lumber and OSB volumes roughly flat, while engineered wood product volumes were dramatically reduced. Despite these headwinds in the U.S, our three Canadian lumber mills ran at over 90% of capacity during the quarter, performing well, aided by lower lot costs, good operating metrics and improved export sales. Timing and pace of housing recovery are still not evident, so we continue to match our production capacity with demand. During the quarter, we closed our Albany, Oregon engineered lumber mill. We reduced the size of our sales and marketing staff by consolidating sales regions. We're dealing with cost for a number of closed and underutilized Wood Products facilities, especially in our OSB and Engineered Wood Products businesses. Currently, 30% of our total OSB capacity is indefinitely curtailed. 19% of our I-joist capacity and 45% of our engineered solid section capacity is shut down. Even with this level of indefinitely closed facilities, operating rates at the remaining mills were low. And given the slow pace of housing recovery, we will be taking further action in the fourth quarter. In our Timberlands business, as a result of continued softness in housing demand, we continue to defer harvest in both the West and the South in order to optimize longer-term values. Year-to-date, harvest volumes in both regions are down approximately 16%, and compared with 2008, they're down 42%. Looking forward as supply becomes constrained and demand and prices improve, we have the ability to increase our harvest. In addition to revenues from logs sales and energy and minerals related income from our lands, we continue to see potential to generate additional revenues in the future as markets develop for biomass once we have some clarity around U.S. climate and energy policies. Our Real Estate segment was one of the bright spots in the quarter. Though we expected break-even results, we turned a profit for the third consecutive quarter. Closings were lower quarter-over-quarter, while average prices increased due to mix and we remained profitable. Margins were slightly higher, the result of our continued actions, which include repositioning product and managing costs. Activity across our WRECO markets is mixed. California's inland Empire, Los Angeles, Phoenix and Las Vegas markets are operating at low rates and are extremely competitive. After outperforming the country for the last couple of years, Houston has started to move downward. And in the Puget Sound area, most communities are slow with the exception of those located near military installations. On the positive side, in San Diego and the Washington DC suburbs, activities is relatively strong. Winchester's Poplar Run project in Silver Spring, Maryland, just opened its new models two weekends ago, attracting over 1,000 shoppers, evidence that there is still a market for well designed homes in an attractive community where employment is improving. I'll complete my remarks in business performance with the discussion of our one segment that is not tied to the U.S. housing market, and that's Cellulose Fibers. This business is affected by global macroeconomic conditions, foreign exchange rates and the strength of demand for our differentiated Cellulose Fibers products, especially absorbent fluff pulp from the U.S. South. We expected earnings from this sector to be substantially higher than the second quarter, and as reported in our release this morning, Cellulose Fibers turned in a record performance for the quarter due to higher prices, lower maintenance cost and strong operating performance by all of our mills. Our key customers are all growing, especially in emerging global markets, and they acknowledge their reliance in our product to meet their growth opportunities. In addition to the record performance in our pulp mills, segment earnings were enhanced by continued strong profitability from our Liquid Packaging business. We certainly benefited from continued pulp price improvement over the past six quarters, and we've have coupled that with steady improvements in safe, reliable operations across the entire business system, manufacturing, as well as sales. I want to recognize Shaker and his team for this record performance. Before turning the call over to Patty, I want to comment on one other significant accomplishment during the quarter. Though it may already seem to be old news, I'm pleased to report that our special dividend payment was completed on September 1. Our conversion to a REIT structure supports our strategy to enhance the competitiveness of our core Timberlands business, increasing cash flow available for distribution to our shareholders. This transaction was unprecedented in terms of size and complexity given the historic nature of our Timberlands assets, and I want to thank the entire Weyerhaeuser team who managed the process to a successful conclusion. I'm looking forward to sharing our ongoing dividend decision in December following action by our board. And now, I'd like to turn the call to Patty, who will provide fourth quarter outlook and financial comments. Patty?
Patricia Bedient: Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everybody. I'll start the outlook with Timberlands, and my comments are summarized on Chart 11. In the West, our export and domestic log volumes and realizations are expected to decrease in the fourth quarter compared to the third. In the South, great log realizations are projected to be flat to slightly lower compared to the third quarter. Fee harvest volumes in both the west and south are scheduled to declined seasonally. Costs should includes increase slightly, as a result of catching up on some cultural spending in the South. Excluding the effects of non-strategic land sales, earnings in our Timberlands segment are anticipated to be lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third. Wood Products average sales realizations and sales volumes will likely decrease across all our major product lines in the fourth quarter. Log costs are expected to decrease somewhat, which will offset some of the decline in revenue. The seasonally slow nature of the fourth quarter combined with lackluster housing demand will likely lead to increased downtime as we match production with demand. In addition, we are reviewing our capacity plan across the system, including operations that are now indefinitely curtailed. As a result of this review, we may make decisions that could lead to additional impairments to facilities in the fourth quarter. Before the effect of any impairment, we anticipate the fourth quarter loss to be comparable to the third quarter. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect average sales realizations to soften somewhat compared to the third quarter, although demand continues to be strong. We have a short scheduled annual maintenance shutdown at one of our facilities, so we will incur increased maintenance and somewhat lower production relative to the third quarter when we had no maintenance shutdown. Overall, we anticipate fourth quarter earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment to be very strong although lower than the record earnings of the third quarter. Dan has already described the challenging market conditions facing our Real Estate business. Traditionally, the fourth quarter is the strongest quarter of the year for home closings. While we do expect to close approximately 100 more homes in Q4 compared to Q3, the number will likely be fewer than the 625 homes closed during Q2, which was aided by the housing tax credit. We expect margins to moderate somewhat in the fourth quarter compared to the third, and we don't anticipate any significant land or lot sales in the fourth quarter. Overall, earnings in our Real Estate segment are expected to be lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third. In addition, our backlog will likely decline during the fourth quarter from the already low level of 660 homes at the end of the third quarter. As Dan mentioned, I will review some of the changes to the third quarter as a result of our special dividend and our conversion to a Real Estate Investment Trust or REIT structure. On September 1, we made a special distribution to our shareholders. This distribution accomplished the payout of our accumulated earnings and profits, which was the last critical milestone to enable our conversion to a REIT. This payout was made by distributing $560 million of cash and approximately 324 million new shares. To help you understand the reporting implications of the dividend, we have included a couple of additional charts in the packet. Chart 12 lays out the reconciliation of the changes in our share count as of the end of the third quarter, as well as the computation of the weighted average shares outstanding used for the calculation of our earnings per share. Accounting rules don't allow for retroactive restatement of the historical EPS for the new shares issued in the dividend. On Chart 13, we have provided the pro forma EPS as if the shares issued in the special dividend had been outstanding for all of the periods presented. Looking forward, we anticipate using approximately 537 million shares for the EPS calculation in the fourth quarter. As a result of REIT conversion, we also made a number of tax adjustments in the third quarter. These are illustrated on chart 14. Our effective tax rate for the year is estimated to be approximately 18.5%. Applying this rate to our third quarter earnings before taxes of $91 million, we have a tax provision of $17 million for the third quarter. The year-to-date benefit from the true up of the tax rate for the first and second quarters is approximately $7 million. We also have an adjustment during the quarter for the reversal of the deferred tax liability associated with our book [ph] tax basis difference in our Timberlands of approximately $1,043,000,000 and the charge of $8 million primarily as a result of Medicare Part D plan changes. These adjustments net to the $1,025,000,000 benefit as shown as our third quarter tax benefit. While we're on the topic of taxes, I'd like to comment on the effect of the recent IRS clarification regarding the cellulosic biofuel producers tax credit. Earlier this year, the IRS released a memo, which allows black liquor to qualify for this credit once companies are registered with the IRS. We received our registration in the third quarter. On October 5 of this year, the IRS provided guidance allowing black liquor to qualify for both the biofuel producers tax credit and the alternative fuel mixture credit in the same year, but not on the same gallons of fuel. During 2009, we produced 238 million gallons of black liquor, which did not qualify for the alternative fuel mixture credit. This equals approximately $240 million of potential cellulosic biofuel credit at $1.1 per gallon or $149 million net of tax. We anticipate recognizing this quarter in the fourth quarter. Since this credit offsets income tax liability, we will carry the credit forward. At the end of the third quarter, we had nearly $1,370,000,000 in cash. This is a decrease of approximately $480 million from the end of the second quarter, primarily as a result of the special dividend of $560 million. We have included a full cash flow statement in the materials that we released this morning. Capital expenditures for Weyerhaeuser Co. for the first three quarters of this year are just under $150 million. For the full year, we expect net capital expenditures to be just over $200 million. We continue to have strong liquidity with minimal near-term debt maturities and no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion line of credit. Now I'll turn the call back to Dan, and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Given the weakness we're seeing in today's housing market, we will continue to take aggressive actions across the company to reduce costs and improve profitability. In WRECO, we'll continue to adjust product offerings. We'll adjust pricing as dictated by market competition. We'll continue to seek opportunities to reduce construction and operating costs, and we'll continue to review and adjust our land and lot positions as necessary. In Timberlands, we'll continue to seek opportunities to increase revenues by leveraging our experience in relationships and export markets. We'll carefully manage costs, adjust harvest levels and exploit revenue opportunities from our mineral rights, as well as emerging markets for biomass. In our Wood Products business, we're committed to improving profitability at today's level of housing starts. We need to improve margins using all available levers by enhancing revenues, reducing operating costs and adjusting capacity. In our Cellulose Fibers business, we'll continue to focus on operational improvements as we serve the needs of our key customers as they take advantage of global growth, especially in emerging markets. In sum, we're committed to improving our performance in today's level of demand. And with our scale, we'll be prepared to take advantage of an economic recovery when it comes. And now I'd like to ask Kathy to open the call to your questions.
Kathryn McAuley: Thanks, Dan. Nicole, could you please give instructions for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I wanted to ask on your fee harvest for 2010, roughly how much would you characterize to be sawtimber versus pulpwood? And how does that compare to a more normalized harvest?
Daniel Fulton: Sawtimber in the West is roughly 90%, Pete, and 65% in the South. There's been a bit of a shift towards fiber, especially in the south, but no significant change beyond that.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And, Dan, on your mineral rights strategy, can you remind us how you're thinking about the strategy for the business? And what kind of earnings or cash flow have you been generating in that business and how do you think about it going forward?
Daniel Fulton: We have approximately 7 million acres of mineral rights. So we have mineral rights on land that we own, as well as land that we have sold in the past where we've retained the mineral rights. The way we manage that is that we have our own minerals group. We are generally entering into operating leases with those that are exploring and exploiting the resource, whether it's gravel, oil or gas. Those would be the primary resource that have come off of our land. Generally, those leases are entered into, we receive an upfront lease payment that ends up being amortized over a period of time, and then we have the ability to collect royalties if they are successful. Over the last several years, our minerals earnings have been running roughly in the $50 million a year range. In the quarter just completed, minerals earnings were just a shade under $15 million. The opportunities that we have are to continue to exploit the resources that we have on the lands that we have under our control. In addition to the existing materials, we also have that group managing some of the newer resource, which would include wind and geothermal energy. The most significant resource that we have in the minerals group is in Louisiana, where we have land as part of the Haynesville shale play, and though prices are down a bit of natural gas, we continue to generate good earnings and the operators that are operating under the leases seem to be having some success. So we're optimistic about being able to maintain and grow that over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Dan, can you give me a little bit more color on the Timberlands you sold in the first quarter? Is that sort of the 88,000 you've been marketing in the west?
Daniel Fulton: It is not 88,000 that we have been marketing, Gail. We had several sales during the quarter, the most significant was a property that we call Copper Creek, which is located in the Western Oregon region. That was a sale of about 12,500 acres. It was non-strategic for our purposes, roughly 65% doug fir, 35% hemlock. It was lower value land in terms of what we would like to see long-term in our portfolio, and it was sold at a price that we felt was very competitive. With respect to the property you referred to, what we call for LeBeau, which is the 80,000 plus acres that we have been marketing on west coast of Washington, we have had a wide variety of interest from, quite frankly, wide range of buyer tights. We are in active discussions, and we are optimistic that we may be seeing values that would cause us to transact that sale, although I wouldn't expect anything to happen until early 2011.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Can you give a quick update on assets sales outside of Timberland? I guess Cosmopolis, an update on the railroads and any other assets that could be on the market?
Daniel Fulton: Sure. As you noted, we did sell Cosmopolis. That's a dissolving pulp facility that has been shut down for a number of years. We found a good buyer, and we are pleased that they're going to be able to reopen that facility and create some employment in a town that really needs it. We do have a transaction on our railroads that we are in the midst of. It's subject to federal approval, and we hope to receive that approval before year end. In addition to those, we've have a number of non-strategic assets that we identified overtime, that we seek opportunities to monetize. We are engaged in some discussions at this point evaluating strategic alternatives for our Hardwoods business, which is a small niche business that reports up to our Wood Products segment. But that's just the process that we're going through right now in evaluating alternatives.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: In terms of the Wood Products business. Can you talk a little bit more about what you can do there? Is this all about just shrinking the footprint or do you think there are other things that you can do to improve results?
Daniel Fulton: Improving the results in our Wood Products business is our highest internal priority right now. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are looking at all levers that we have. Improving revenues, reducing operating costs, both in the mills, as well as SG&A, and then we are taking a very hard look at our capacity. As I mentioned in my remarks, we already have a significant amount of capacity that's indefinitely curtailed, but of those mills that are still operating, they're operating at generally low levels. And so you should expect to see some activity in the fourth quarter related to capacity, which would position us to be more profitable in the current market because even for these facilities that are shut down, there's operating costs associated with just maintaining them for security purposes and maintaining the equipment. So it's a full-court press in that business, and I'm confident that Larry Burrows taking a fresh look at it and taking a very strong hand off on Tom Gideon will produce some results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Chun with Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank AG: Just following up on the last question regarding Wood Products, can you talk a little bit more about what the magnitude of that cost cutting opportunities might be and what kind of year-over-year improvements we might see if markets fail to improve next year?
Daniel Fulton: I can't give you specifics, Chris. We have, over the last two years, been focused on this business. We've taken out a lot of manufacturing costs. As I mentioned, we have indefinitely curtailed a significant number of facilities. But at today's anemic level of housing starts, we still have too much capacity. As we enter this year, early in the year you may recall that we were anticipating single-family starts at a level of about 600,000. We're falling well below that. As we move towards 2011, we commented this morning as we talked about WRECO that WRECO is entering 2011 with a low backlog. I think WRECO is representative of other large homebuilders in the U.S. I would expect that the entire homebuilding community will be moving into 2011 with a lower backlog than they entered 2010 with. And so given the nature of low level of backlog at the beginning of the year, we're anticipating that 2011 will be another very challenging year, and so we are sizing our activities to address today's level of demand and not counting on that improvement in 2010. I would say that's a significant change year-over-year in the way we were looking at that business. We had anticipated recovery. We started to see it in the first quarter. It collapsed after the end of April. We believe long-term that single-family housing starts will return to trend levels, but it is going to be a slow climb out of where we are today. And so we are addressing that in Wood Products business.
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank AG: Are you operating under the assumption that we're going to have another 600,000 type year next year or do you see at least modest improvement at this point?
Daniel Fulton: We don't have a forecast yet for next year. We generate our own forecast, but we look at that of others. We'll share that later in the year when we have another opportunity as we get closer to 2011. We are planning for flat activity year-over-year and hope to be pleasantly surprised with recovery.
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, Patty, can you tell us about what percentage of Timberlands earnings are REIT-qualifying earnings?
Patricia Bedient: Well, if you think about our Timberlands earnings, probably the way to think about it is what we generated so far from the first three quarters. So I think our overall Timberlands segment earnings are about $225 million for the first nine months, and our qualified earnings are just over $70-ish million. So how do you get from that number to the $70 million? You first have to back out the non-strategic plan sales, which are about $80 million for the first three quarters. And then you would also have to back out the mineral income, which is down in the TRS, which Dan just mentioned is about $15 million a quarter. So that would be $45 million a share today. And then we do have some additional SG&A that we do have to charge to the REIT restructure, which is about $10 million to $50 million a quarter. So let's call that a $10 million a quarter, so that would be $30 million. So if you back out, take the $225 million, back out the $80 million, back out the $45 million, back out the $30 million, you'll get around to the $70 million number.
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank AG: You mentioned that 2010 CapEx is looking like just over $200 million. Do you view that as a sustainable level or should we expect that to go up in the coming year?
Patricia Bedient: Well, it will probably go up modestly in 2011. We haven't set those numbers as we sit here today, but I would say that somewhere in the $200 million, $250-ish million range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Looking at the results, I was actually quite surprised and encouraged by how strong the Cellulose segment came in. It seemed to be a lot better than I think we were looking for, although maybe I missed a black liquor credit or something in there. Was 180 the actual number?
Daniel Fulton: No, there was...
Patricia Bedient: That number doesn't have any black liquor credit in it, Chip. That segment performed very well during the quarter. All the mills ran very well. We didn't have as we have said any maintenance downtime, but we took no black liquor credit for that segment in the third quarter. And you might recall that last year, of course, we did have black liquor in the third quarter. And if you compare year-over-year even with black liquor in the earnings for last year, the earnings this year are greater than a year ago third quarter.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: And as you think about looking ahead, you've seen Proctor and Gamble come out with a very thin diaper that might now finally be getting some traction, the Dry Max. And, of course, that diaper doesn't include hardly any if any fluff pulp. And as you think about that business, which has been very strong, are you concerned about a further thinning of the diapers, if you will, across the marketplace where fluff pulp might not be used in that product? And obviously, there are some offsets I guess with adult incontinence and other products. But how do you -- any early read on how you see the demand side there for fluff?
Patricia Bedient: Chip, I would say that we work very closely with P&G as one of our largest customers. And as we look at their demand, and the demand for fluff overall, it continues to be a very growing market. And not only just a strong market this year, but as we look forward in demand. So I think we are very pleased with the outlook that we hear from P&G, as well as our other customers in that business.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Did you have a view sort of how we should roughly look at the maintenance schedules? Since, I know, it can make the numbers kind of lumpy in this segment. As we look out at the fourth quarter and maybe the first or through the fourth quarters of 2011, sort of when will you take a lot of maintenance and when will you take a little, and I guess the third, you don't take any at all?
Patricia Bedient: Well, those maintenance shots are scheduled on an annual basis. And this year, we had two in the first quarter, three in the second quarter, none in the third, and as I mentioned, we have one now in the fourth. We plan those annual maintenance around when we need to do things like boiler inspections or put in additional capital plans. So we have not set that schedule and communicated the schedule for 2011. But I wouldn't see that it wouldn't be terribly different from what you saw in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Just a little bit more on the Cellulose Fibers business. You gave us the pricing being up $70, and I think you had indicated that the maintenance downtime had been about $30 million in the second quarter. So if I add those, the impact from those two, I get somewhere between $65 million and $70 million of improvements, and you got $107 million. Is that all from the mills just running better, which would then kind of be the question of was the third quarter truly exceptional or were the mills just not really running as well perhaps that they could have been in prior quarters?
Daniel Fulton: I think the primary difference quarter-over-quarter, Mark, is the lack of maintenance downtime. These mills have been running well, and so third quarter happened to be a time when we didn't have any scheduled shutdowns. They all ran full. And as you know, we got the benefit of price improvements. So it was an across the board accomplishment of just great operations.
Patricia Bedient: I think also, Mark, the $30 million that Kathy gave you for the quarter is maintenance spend. And it doesn't account for the fact of the downtime that happened in the second quarter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Do you have a sense as to how much the downtime costs? And perhaps another way to come at it, it seems like you -- would it be fair to say you roughly took half your annual maintenance downtime in the second quarter? And so roughly how much is full year annual maintenance expense last downtime? How much does that cost the company typically in a given year?
Daniel Fulton: I think your assumption about roughly half in the second quarter is correct. As Patty said, we had downtime in the two mills in the first quarter, three in the second quarter. We got one coming up in the fourth quarter. I don't have the numbers that you're asking for, specifically, but we can get back to you.
Patricia Bedient: Some other things in the quarter, Mark, was we had somewhat lower fiber costs, lower chemical costs, and, as I've said, the productivity impact from just not having those mills down were really the primary reason for the improved performance of third over second quarter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: And just switching gears to building products. With prices having been falling during the quarter, I imagine that makes it very difficult for the Distribution business because effectively, they're chasing the price down. Were there significant losses in building products distribution be tied to that?
Daniel Fulton: Yes, that's part of the overall loss. You're right. We have a Distribution business that primarily services our Engineered Wood Products and OSB. So as products flow through that system, as prices are moving as quickly as they have been, we incur additional loss. Plus there's some loss in that business that is associated with low utilization. At the level of activity that we're at today, not only do we have underutilized manufacturing facilities, but our distribution system is underutilized. And all of that increases your operating cost.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Pension contributions year-to-date, I think we're running about $190 million. So that's roughly $60 million, a little bit more than that up for the quarter. Is that kind of a decent number on a go-forward or do you expect that's going to change significantly in the year ahead?
Patricia Bedient: Sure, Mark. As you think about our pension plans, the largest plans are in the U.S., but we do have a number of Canadian plans, as well. As you look at the U.S. plans, we don't expect to have to make any contributions to those in 2011. The Canadian plans don't all have annual valuations. Some of them are done on a tri-annual basis. We do have a larger number of them that will need valuation this year, and we will likely need to make contribution to the Canadian plan in 2011. We would expect that when we add them all together. And we are doing those valuations beginning that process as we speak. So I don't have exact numbers for you, but I would expect that that could be up to $100 million for all the Canadian plans, but nothing anticipated for the U.S. plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dan, maybe just on the Wood Products business for a moment. You talked about some closures in the fourth quarter. Are those likely to be temporary type of closures or indefinite closures?
Daniel Fulton: I can't comment specifically today, Rick. As I mentioned, we already have a number of facilities that are indefinitely closed. We have our operating facilities that have various levels of utilization. And so we're looking at the entire system, and we'll be taking some action, but I can't comment whether it would be temporary or permanent closures. We are taking shift downtime in our overall facilities based upon today's level of demand as we have throughout the year.
George Staphos: And can you quantify, Dan, how much the indefinite closures actually cost you in the quarter?
Daniel Fulton: I can, but I don't have that number today. We can get back to you. I mean we have closure costs where we provide security. When the mills close, we have some on-site people for some low levels of maintenance and security, and we have depreciation that's related to those mills. All of that runs through our P&L.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess the question that I'm ultimately trying to get out is as you look at your sort of your thought on the U.S. housing recovery being a gradual grind higher from here over the next number of years, if there's not a need to maybe take more permanent closures and take off some of those expenses that you're incurring each quarter?
Patricia Bedient: Rick, that is something that we're looking at as a part of this review. We don't have any decisions to share with you this morning. I think a way to think about that cost is at its differential, but it's probably in the neighborhood of $5 million to $10 million a quarter.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dan, as you go to the board here in the next month or two talking about the dividend, can you just frame how you're thinking about that and some of the things that you're considering as you think about setting or proposing what the dividend should be as you go forward?
Daniel Fulton: Absolutely. Our boards intent is to set a dividend that is sustainable and one that we can grow over time. In considering the appropriate level of that dividend, we start by looking at the overall macroeconomic climate. We have an evaluation of our own forecast for your earnings over the next several years. We are looking at the level of dividend paid by other timber REITs. We're taking into consideration appropriate capital structure for the company, including appropriate level of debt, the need to maintain access to capital markets and have appropriate liquidity as we go forward and then longer-term, we need to plan for growing the business, especially the core asset of our Timberlands. So all of that becomes part of the calculus for determining what we believe is an appropriate level. And as I said, we'll be communicating that once the board makes the decision in December.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: My three quick question are all based on Cellulose Fibers. First of all, with respect to Cosmopolis, I assume there's a non-compete clause. They will not be doing anything that's [ph] (1:11:31:5) that you're active in?
Daniel Fulton: Yes, that's a dissolving pulp mill, and it does not compete with any of our pulp grades.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And then could you characterize your 1.7 million tons of capacity, and how much is commodity, how much is fluff, and what volume do you have that's in higher-end products?
Daniel Fulton: We have five pulp mills. Four in the U.S. South and one in Grand Prairie, Alberta. The Mills in the South primarily produce absorbent fluff. Our Grand Prairie mill produces NBSK. And we have a facts book where we publish actually the capacity for each of these mills. They get you up to that $1.7 million capacity level. Fundamentally, the U.S. South product is heavily focused to what we would consider to be specialty pulp that's going to be large customers that are using it for absorbent products like diapers, feminine hygiene, adult incontinent. Roughly, if you think about our pulp business and the markets that we serve, roughly 1/3 is North America, 1/3 Asia, 1/3 Europe. Those percentages shift a little bit overtime, but the business gives us great exposure to global growth and, especially what we're seeing from our customers is that they have significant growth opportunities in emerging markets. The one consistent theme that we hear from our customers in the Pulp businesses is that they're growing, they need our product, and so we're really pleased with the performance, but also the outlook for that business.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And I did think it was absorbent. So there is quite a bit of capacity coming on on stream. Do you believe that the demand is sufficient to absorb that capacity? No pun intended.
Daniel Fulton: Yes, long-term, I love the pun. Long-term, very confident of the need for that capacity. When it comes online, you're referring to a couple of conversion. So we got Alabama Pine and also the Domtar Plymouth mill that are converting to fluff. That will create in the short-term some new supply. And so there may be a short-term disruption in the market. But long-term, all of that supply is needed. As long as we have this unique characteristic of fiber coming out of the U.S. South from southern yellow pine that's manufactured into that fluff. That is the desired product worldwide for the absorbent products. And so what we're seeing is we're seeing this very strong growth globally as our customers penetrate new markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Atkinson with Bank of Montreal.
Stephen Atkinson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: With relates to the credits by alternative fuel credit versus the cellulosic credit. If I understand it correctly, you have $149 million relating to the cellulosic credit. Are you allowed to use the same two in one year or do you have to return the alternative fuel credit you've already received and then redo the process?
Patricia Bedient: Well, the number I referred to was the number for the credit for primarily the black liquor produced in the first quarter of 2009. And in the first quarter of 2009, we were not lending for the alternative fuel mixture tax credit. So that gallon, gallon each of about $238 million, I think it was. With all the available for the sale of cellulosic producers tax credit. Now what you're referring to is that is there's a potential to unwind the alternative fuel mixture tax credit that we already took and replace it with the biofuel producer's tax credit? And that's something that I think still from a procedural standpoint is being worked out with the IRS. But the numbers that I referred to are for a period of time where we did not have the alternative fuel mixture tax credit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: I'm guessing that you've already answered several questions on Wood Products. My question would be, Dan, if you haven't already answered it, the changes that you're making in the quarter, and as you're thinking about the business relative to your operating stance within Wood Products, is it just a reflection of a deeper cyclical downturn or a more pernicious recovery? Or do you think that you will be changing your overall philosophy regarding Wood Products businesses that you're in and how they fit within the portfolio going forward?
Daniel Fulton: We have two issues, George. One is the depth of the housing recession and the slow recovery that I referred to. So even if we were to go back a year ago and look at our housing forecast and that of most economists, what we're experiencing is 2010 was a lower level of starts than anyone anticipated and a longer climb out of this for a variety of reasons. I talked this morning about we still have an issue with consumer confidence, we have an issue with employment, we got an issue with an overhang of inventory, and then we have this new event, which is the foreclosure problem and the documentation related to mortgage security. So that causes us to need to react to a more pessimistic near-term forecast. And what that means for us is we need to adjust capacity to today's level of starts. As we do that, we're also taking the time to evaluate all of our operations. We believe we have opportunities to both enhance revenues as well as to take out operating costs both in our mill and in our SG&A. So it's a full-court effort on all fronts, and as I mentioned earlier, it's the priority we got right now.
George Staphos: So you feel in total you have these stable of businesses perhaps that you will have into the recovery, it's just a combination of the cycle just being a little more difficult to climb out of and ways to optimize cost within that stable of business? Would that be the fair characterization?
Daniel Fulton: That's a fair characterization, but as I've said before, all of our businesses need to be operating over the cycle at the top quartile levels of performance within their respective industries. And we are not operating at that level in our Wood Products business today. So that's why we need to address it, and we need to improve it.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Dan, I read in the press that you either have restart or about to restart two lines at your Hudson Bay OSB mill. What's the thinking there? And would you be closing down something somewhere else to compensate for that? Given this market, it's kind of surprising.
Daniel Fulton: Our situation at the Hudson Bay is that that mill has been shut down for an extended period of time. And were we to leave it in its current state, we would be subject to additional costs including severance. And as a result, we made a decision to restart the mill, and we'll be aligning its posture as we go forward in a disciplined manner with production across all of our operations. There will be a slow start. We'll have little production this year. We'll start to see some next year, and then we'll balance it across a system. But fundamentally, it was a decision related to cost of extended shot versus reopening.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: On second, export log volume. Can you give us your volume year-to-date this year versus the year-to-date last year, assuming there's be a big step up, and if there's been any shift in mix there?
Daniel Fulton: I don't have that number right in front of me. Let we just talk about the nature of it a bit. One of the things that we've seen over the past year is that there has been a mix shift. So as we think export historically for us, that's Japan. But over the last couple of years, export off of our Western Timberlands operations includes not only Japan, but it is China and Korea. We've said seen a pickup in logs going to China. That, for us, really started two to three years ago as we were harvesting storm damaged wood off of the west coast of Washington and Oregon. That was low quality, low-priced, but it was a great takeaway. And what's happened is that we have been able to develop an improved position in that market. The quality of logs has increased. We are shipping douglas fir logs to China. We got white wood going to Korea, and then as you know, the long-term quality doug fir continues to go to Japan. The amount of export volume is up out of the West about 15%. And as I mentioned that's really favorable for us. We have long-term relationships in the export markets. We got great logistics coming out of our Western Timberlands, so we're well-positioned to take advantage of that. And with domestic markets, which continue to be slow, it has been beneficial for us as a takeaway for the logs coming out of our Western Timberlands. And we would expect that that will continue over time.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: In the old days, there used to be about a $400 at a thousand [ph](1:22:58:4) board foot premium for Japan over the domestic market, then it evaporated. Has that ever come back?
Daniel Fulton: Can't comment on the specific spread.
Joshua Zaret - Longbow Research LLC: Let me give you my last question because I think its an important one. Everyone's danced around the maintenance, for cellulose, the maintenance charge spent. You gave us guidance in the second quarter of $30 million, zero in the third quarter. What's it going to be in the fourth quarter?
Patricia Bedient: The shut in the fourth quarter, Josh, is a short shut at one facility. So it will just be up probably a little around a week or so. So it won't be as significant in terms of relative to the second quarter where we had most of our annual maintenance downtime. And the lost tonnage won't be a significant item.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. I'm going to turn this call back to Dan.
Daniel Fulton: Just some concluding comments. I wanted to just close the call and summarize our key themes for the third quarter and our current view of the fourth quarter. So as we entered the third quarter, we anticipated improved performance in our Cellulose Fibers business, and we delivered record results. Our Wood Products business, we we're already feeling the pain of rapidly falling prices, and it was a very difficult quarter for us. With housing activity near record lows, as we entered the quarter, we expected break-even results for WRECO, then we turned in our third consecutive profitable quarter. And in Timberlands, operating earnings were lower as expected, and our non-strategic land sales enabled us to increase earning next quarter-over-quarter. So as we move to the fourth quarter, we are especially cautious about the near-term direction of the housing market, and we're planning accordingly. We are committed to improving profitability in today's level of demand and we'll continue to take necessary action to reduce costs and improve profitability. And with that, I'd like to thank you for your attention this morning, and we look forward to talking to all of you in December. Thanks very much.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you for joining us this morning. If you have any additional questions, please contact me at (253)924-2058. Have a good day
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrica Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Kathryn McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Larry Burrows - President of Winchester Homes - Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Thomas Gideon - Executive Vice President of Forest Products
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. George Staphos Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Thea, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Weyerhaeuser's Quarter Two Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kathy McAuley. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kathryn McAuley: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on Weyerhaeuser's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I am Kathy McCauley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products; and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and materials for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. Also on this call, we will update shareholders on the steps remaining in the special dividend process. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported net earnings of $14 million or $0.07 per diluted share on net sales of $1.8 billion. Significant after-tax items in the second quarter were a charge of $33 million or $0.16 per share for the early extinguishment of debt. In the quarter, we redeemed $548 million of the March 2012 bond. A gain of $5 million from Wood Products asset sales, primarily the Delta, BC, hardwood lumber mill. Including these items, the company reported net earnings of $42 million or $0.20 per diluted share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to Chart 4 in the earnings information package as I will discuss the waterfall chart. Chart 4 is a bar chart detailing the changes in the contribution to earnings before special items, interest and taxes. Changes in Weyerhaeuser's segment earnings from the first quarter of 2010 to the second quarter were as follows, beginning with the first bar on the left-hand side of the page. In the first quarter, Weyerhaeuser earned $80 million before special items, interest and taxes. Proceeding from left to right across the waterfall chart, we begin the discussion with Timberlands. Timberlands' earnings were $11 million lower in the second quarter than in the first quarter. Higher domestic and export log prices were offset by fewer nonstrategic land dispositions. Costs were also higher as silviculture activities postponed from the first quarter due to weather conditions occurred in the second quarter. Wood Products’ earnings were $52 million higher in Q2. This improvement was due to higher average price realizations for all major product lines, with significant increases in average oriented strand board, plywood and [audio gap 13:17] prices. OSB, plywood and lumber volumes also improved. These benefits were offset by higher log costs. Manufacturing costs were also higher due to the downtime taken late in the quarter. Cellulose Fibers contributed $55 million more to earnings in the second quarter. This improvement was largely driven by higher price realizations with a benefit from lower energy costs. Real Estate’s contribution to earnings was $4 million lower in the second quarter from the first quarter. The volume of single-family closings was higher and margins increased. However, there was no partnership income in the second quarter. Corporate & Other was $4 million lower in the second quarter due to less favorable foreign exchange translation. The final bar to the right is Weyerhaeuser's second quarter pretax earnings of $168 million. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Thank you, Kathy. As I look back on the quarter, I'm very pleased with our progress on a number of fronts. We improved our operating earnings. All businesses were cash positive from operations, and we took the last major step towards our REIT conversions. Beginning with our performance, I'm encouraged by our ability to profitably manage operations in an uncertain economic climate without a sustained housing recovery. Timberlands delivered strong operating performance despite continued harvest deferrals, and we saw significant quarter-over-quarter improvement in Wood Products, Cellulose Fibers and single-family real estate operations. As Kathy noted, this improved performance generated $168 million in operating earnings before special items. This is an improvement of $88 million over the first quarter, and more significantly, it is an improvement of $229 million from one year ago. Last quarter, I noted that the pace of the housing recovery remained uncertain, and this continues to be true three months later. This has been especially evident in the market retreat following the expiration of the federal home buyer tax credit at the end of April. I also noted last quarter that we needed job growth and renewed consumer confidence to drive a sustained housing recovery, and this is still the case. The extreme volatility in Wood Products' prices during the quarter is further evidence of the challenging economic environment in which we are operating. Though some of our overall progress this quarter comes because of slightly improved economic conditions, much of the improvement in our financial performance, particularly in our Wood Products and Real Estate businesses, is attributable to our ability to improve our own operational performance at lower levels of housing starts. Tom and Larry will discuss the quarterly results of our operations, and they'll provide some additional color on how we've been dealing with current business conditions while positioning for the future. Finally, we continue to move forward on the path of reconversion to support our core Timberlands strategy. On July 11, shortly after the close of the quarter, we took the final major step in that process by declaring a special dividend to pay out our accumulated undistributed earnings and profits. Later in the call, Patty will review the remaining activities we will complete to pay the special dividend on September 1, while also providing our third quarter outlook. Now I will turn the call over to Tom Gideon, who will discuss our second quarter performance for our Forest Products businesses. Tom?
Thomas Gideon: Thank you, Dan, and good morning. Operating earnings from our forest products businesses improved by $96 million in the second quarter compared to the first, even though the strong market conditions we experienced in the quarter were partially offset by a significant deterioration in Wood Products markets beginning in early May. I will start by discussing our Timberlands business referenced on Chart 5. Log markets strengthened in the first half of the second quarter, as higher operating rates among wood product producers combined with improved export markets created strong demand for our logs. This resulted in higher revenue from our U.S. operations in the second quarter compared to the first, as both sales realizations and volumes improved. Domestic log realizations increased modestly, primarily in the West, and export realizations also strengthened. Export sales volumes increased substantially due to the increased shipments of Douglas fir into Japan and China. Sales into the Chinese and Korean markets comprised 20% of our total export sales volume in the second quarter compared to 13% in the first. However, competition in these markets is increasing rapidly. Domestic log sales volumes increased in the second quarter as the decline in sales to our own mills due to reduced operating rates was more than offset by an increase in sales to third parties. By the end of the quarter, weak demand for wood products was beginning to affect log markets as well, and we reduced harvest operations in the West at the end of the quarter to respond to lower demand. We also rebalanced our southern harvest to planned deferral levels following the pull-forward of some volume in the first quarter to supply several of our cellulose fibers and iLevel mills during weather-related procurement challenges. As a result, total fee harvest declined by 8% in the second quarter compared to the first. I would also like to touch on harvest activity in our Canadian forest land operations, which declined seasonally in the second quarter. Canadian harvest typically declines quite sharply in the spring, as logging activity becomes extremely difficult due to the spring thaw. Changes in Canadian logging activity do not affect the Timberlands segment’s earnings because we transfer those logs to our iLevel and Cellulose Fibers manufacturing facilities at cost. However, the reduced activity is reflected on the segment’s income statement as a decline in intersegment sales with equally offsetting expenses. Expenses associated with our U.S. Timberlands increased slightly in the second quarter compared to the first. We incurred seasonably higher road-building costs, and silvicultural costs also increased, as we caught up on activity that had been deferred from first quarter due to wet weather. Earnings from our core Timberlands operations improved by $6 million quarter-to-quarter. However, this improvement was more than offset by a $17 million decline in earnings from the disposition of nonstrategic Timberlands. Overall, Timberlands’ earnings declined in the second quarter compared to the first, and the segment earned $70 million on second quarter operations. I will now turn to Wood Products, referenced on Charts 6 and 7. Lumber and OSB prices climbed rapidly during the first half of the second quarter, and Weyerhaeuser experienced strong demand across nearly all of our product lines, as our customers rapidly restocked depleted inventories. Industry-indicated prices for both products peaked in the last week of April. We have said before that any lasting recovery must be supported by a sustained increase in core housing demand, and wood product markets will remain volatile until single-family housing starts to recover. Wood product markets begun to correct in early May as it became evident that housing starts had been pulled forward due to the expiring housing tax credit. Demand eroded almost overnight and indicated prices for OSB and lumber fell rapidly, declining 50% and 32%, respectively, between the end of April and the end of June. Weyerhaeuser experienced improved price realizations and strong revenues through mid-to-late May due to favorable mix and a slight lag between price realizations and market indicators. However, profitability declined substantially across all of our product lines in the month of June. Price realizations for lumber and OSB declined rapidly, and orders for engineered Wood Products plummeted due to declining housing starts and inventory drawdowns by dealers. Comparing first and second quarter results for the Wood Products segment, revenues increased 30% in the second quarter due to improved quarterly average realizations across nearly all of our product lines. On average OSB realizations increased 35% quarter-to-quarter, and lumber increased 10% while sales volumes increased 31% and 16%, respectively. Sales realizations for engineered lumber improved modestly, on flat to slightly declining volumes. Manufacturing costs increased compared to the first quarter due to higher log cost and substantial production curtailments needed to match supply with eroding demand. This downtime which occurred mostly during the month of June affected nearly all of our product lines and geographies. Our lumber system took 32 weeks of downtime in the second quarter, including 30 weeks in the month of June. This compared to 29 weeks of downtime for the entire first quarter. Included in the second quarter wood products earnings are gains on asset sales of $8 million compared to gains of $44 million in the first quarter. Excluding these special items, Wood Products lost $11 million in second quarter operations, an improvement of $52 million compared to the first quarter. In many ways I am encouraged by our performance this quarter. Our year-over-year financial performance has improved by nearly $160 million on only slightly higher sales volumes. Wood Products operations were cash positive for the second quarter as well as year-to-date. While we certainly benefited from the rally and realizations, it is also apparent that the dramatically reduced cost structure that we put into motion last year is now being reflected in improved operating results. At the same time, I'm disappointed that we do not post stronger second quarter results. Though our OSB and Lumber segments performed well in the second quarter, our Engineered Wood and Distribution operations remain severely challenged due to the lack of housing starts. We will continue to monitor Wood Products markets very closely and adjust our operating posture on a weekly basis to ensure that we match supply with demand. While we are optimistic about our long-term financial prospects, the extraordinary market volatility we experienced in the second quarter underscores the absolute need to stay focused on reducing our cost structure and improving our margins. I will now turn to our Cellulose Fibers business, referenced on Chart 8. Pulp markets remained robust throughout the second quarter and our Cellulose Fibers business delivered excellent operating results, with both our pulp and liquid packaging businesses performing very well. The segment's increased earnings were primarily driven by higher revenues, as average pulp price realizations rose by $94 per ton relative to the first quarter. Second quarter once again included significant maintenance expense, as we completed scheduled annual maintenance outages at three of our mills. In total, Cellulose Fibers’ earnings increased in the second quarter compared to the first as the segment earned $74 million. I will now turn the call over to Larry Burrows, who will discuss our Real Estate business.
Larry Burrows: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. I am proud of the successful execution that has enabled RECO to be profitable for the second consecutive quarter. RECO generated a $27 million contribution to pretax earnings in the second quarter of 2010. This represents a significant improvement over the second quarter of 2009 when we lost $50 million, including a $14 million loss in single-family operations. We made considerable progress on the single-family front, higher-than-planned closings and improved margins enabled our single-family Homebuilding operations to earn $14 million in the second quarter. We supplemented these earnings with $13 million from the sale of land and lots, as we executed our strategy of opportunistically and profitably selling land to land-light builders. Our improved performance is the result of the many actions we have taken as I have outlined in past calls. Reducing SG&A, lowering cost of goods sold, repositioning communities and introducing smaller and less expensive product, as well as managing our standing inventory. We continue to leverage these improvements particularly in the face of deteriorating market conditions, as we experienced during the latter half of the second quarter. Overall, our housing markets remain unsettled, with low consumer confidence and high unemployment outweighing attractive mortgage rates and record affordability. Continued foreclosures, short sales and the building shadow inventory of delinquent loans are placing downward pressure on new home sales prices. The second quarter’s traditionally the height of the selling season when we build a backlog of homes to be closed later in the year. This momentum did not materialize in the quarter, suggesting that the spring selling season may have concluded early upon the expiration of the Federal Tax Credit. As illustrated in the key indicators' table on Chart 9, sales declined 21% in the second quarter of 2010 compared to the first on 26% lower traffic, and our backlog of homes sold, but not closed, declined by 134 units. With respect to specific RECO markets, San Diego remains active across all price points, and our local value propositions continues to resonate well in that market. Washington, D.C. also remains strong, with market activity focused on closer-run communities. The Houston market is now softening due to concerns about employment prospects within the aerospace and extraction industries. Las Vegas and Los Angeles remain weak, Puget Sound and Phoenix have softened modestly since the first quarter and though the Inland Empire as a whole remains challenged our positioning has helped us to perform well in that market. Fundamental to RECO success is our ability to adapt to changing market conditions, adjusting our offerings market by market to serve demand better. During our May Investors Meeting, I highlighted several examples of our local agility, and we continue to advance those products. Our Living Smart product, which we recently introduced in the Inland Empire has a starting price in the high $100,000s. This offering has been highly successful, and we have adapted it for introduction in the Las Vegas market. Virtually every existing and new community contains freshly designed and value-engineered product targeted to evolving market tastes. I'm pleased with RECO’s second quarter accomplishments. I believe we are well positioned to adjust to the more challenging market the third quarter may bring. I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the quarter.
Patrica Bedient: Thanks, Larry, and good morning, everyone. I'll start the outlook with Timberlands. Domestic log sales realizations are expected to decrease in response to the weak wood products market. Export realizations are expected to increase somewhat due to mix. Silvicultural costs should increase seasonally. Excluding the effect of non-strategic land sales we anticipate that earnings in our Timberlands segment will be lower in the third quarter compared to the second. In Wood Products, lumber sales realizations are expected to decrease by over 15% on slight increases in volume. OSB realizations are likely to decrease by over 30% compared to the second quarter while sales volume should be flat. Engineered Wood sales realizations are anticipated to increase 6% to 8% on decreasing volume. Log costs should be slightly lower. Overall manufacturing costs are expected to decrease in Q3 compared to Q2, primarily for lumber, as a result of slightly favorable operating rates, although Engineered Wood Products’ production costs are expected to rise slightly as volumes decrease. Overall, we expect a significantly larger loss in the third quarter compared to the second due to significantly lower sales realizations, many of which are expected to be even lower than the first quarter. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect average sales realizations will be higher in the third quarter compared to the second. We are starting to see some softening in the market as global supply, which was disrupted earlier in the year by the Chilean earthquake, European strikes and adverse weather conditions, comes back online. However, our demand remains strong and inventories are at very low levels. Maintenance costs and productivity in the third quarter should be very favorable as we have no planned annual outages scheduled for the third quarter compared to three in the second quarter. As a result, we expect more volume at lower cost. Earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment should be substantially greater in the third quarter compared to the second. In our Real Estate segment, single-family sales activity has slowed significantly so far in the quarter. Competition for the shrinking pool of buyers is intense. Contract cancellation rates are expected to remain high as foreclosures and short sales are prevalent in most of our markets. We expect to close approximately 100 fewer homes in the third quarter compared to the second. Average prices for Q3 are anticipated to approximate Q2 prices but with slightly lower margins. We expect break-even results from our single-family Homebuilding operation. No major non-single-family transactions are planned for Q3. Capital expenditures for Weyerhaeuser Co. were just over $100 million for the first six months of this year, and we anticipate that net capital expenditures for the year will be just over $200 million. We ended the second quarter with $1.8 billion of cash and short-term investments compared to $2.1 billion at the end of the first quarter. We generated approximately $240 million of cash from operations during the quarter. The most significant use of cash in the quarter was approximately $600 million that was used to repurchase $548 million of our 2012 bond maturities. We do not have any significant debt maturities until 2012. Let me now provide you an update on the cellulosic biofuel producers tax credit. The IRS has recently released a memo which allows black liquor to qualify for this credit once companies are registered with the IRS. We anticipate receiving our registration this quarter. During the first part of 2009, we produced approximately 238 million gallons of black liquor, which did not qualify for the alternative fuel mixture credit. This equals $240 million of potential cellulosic biofuel credit at $1.01 per gallon, or $149 million net of tax. Since this credit offsets income tax liability, we could only carry the credit forward. It is still unclear whether the credit can be claimed in the same year as the alternative fuel mixture credit. For the last three quarters of 2009, we claimed $344 million of fuel mixture credit. There's a great deal of uncertainty as to the process for claiming these credits and we are evaluating both credits to determine which credit or mix of credits, if allowed, would add the most value to the company. To wrap up, I would like to update you on the timing and process to pay our special dividend. On July 11, we announced a special dividend of $5.6 billion. This is the final major step in executing our plan to convert to a Real Estate Investment Trust. We held a special conference call on July 12 to discuss this dividend, and the slides used for that call can be accessed from our website. To briefly recap, this distribution is governed by IRS rules, which require the company to pay out its previously undistributed earnings since its inception. The distribution will be made with a combination of stock and cash and the entire distribution is taxable to shareholders as an ordinary dividend. The board has capped the total amount of cash for the special dividend at 10% or $560 million. The remainder of the dividend will be paid in stock. Shareholders may elect to receive the dividend in stock or cash. If the cash election by shareholders exceeds the 10% cap, the cash portion of the dividend will be prorated among the shareholders who elect cash. Those shareholders then will receive the dividend in a combination of cash and stock. Chart 11 shows the calendar for this special dividend process. The record date for the special dividend was July 22. This week, we are mailing election forms and a prospectus for the special dividend to shareholders of record on July 22. Those forms are due back by August 23. The number of shares to be issued to pay the special dividend will be determined after the election forms are returned. For purposes of determining the number of shares to be issued, we will average the closing stock prices on August 24, 25 and 26. The expected payment date for both the cash and stock portion of the dividend is September 1. Using Chart 12, I would like to walk through the mechanics to determine the number of shares to be issued. On this chart, we are assuming that the average of the three-day closing prices from the valuation date is $16.49, which was yesterday's closing stock price. Again, the number of shares to be issued will depend on the actual stock trading value on the valuation dates in August. We won't know the number of shares to be issued for the ratio between currently outstanding shares and shares to be issued until those August valuation dates. Dividing the stock portion of the dividend of $5.04 billion by the hypothetical average closing price of $16.49 gives us the hypothetical number of shares that would be issued in the special dividend. Of course, market events between now and the valuation dates in August will affect the actual trading value, so this is just a hypothetical estimate of the number of shares to be issued. Our reported tax provision for the first six months of this year is computed on a C Corp basis. Once we complete the payout of the special dividend in the third quarter, we will revise our tax expense to reflect the effect of REIT tax status. Our tax rate on current year earnings will decrease and we will also decrease our deferred tax liability by approximately $1 billion. As we reported on our July 12 conference call, we expect to give updated guidance as to our ongoing dividend policy in the fourth quarter. Now I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Now we're ready to address your questions and comments. And I’ll ask Kathy to open up the call.
Kathryn McAuley: Thanks, Dan. Thea will open up the lines now for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from George Staphos with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos: Just minor housekeeping, share count for the third quarter basically will be an average of two months at 211 million shares and one month at, in this case in the hypothetical, 517 million shares. Is that fair?
Patrica Bedient: Yes, what will happen, George, as we’ve talked about, is that this additional share count that will be issued in September will be treated as a stock issuance, not a stock split so we will include those additional shares with no additional proceeds.
George Staphos: Okay, right. And again, it's perspective and that’s why it’d be a weighted average for the quarter. Correct?
Patrica Bedient: Exactly. Absolutely.
George Staphos: Now within Wood Products, Tom, interested in your views on this. It sounds like the fairly steep reduction in demand was the primary reason why Wood might have been off a bit from maybe your expectations going into the quarter. If that's a fair characterization, do you think at this current level of demand you can be cash breakeven in the third quarter given your current operating profile?
Thomas Gideon: Actually, a major component for what happened in the second quarter was rapid declining prices as opposed to demand although both were involved. We had positive results in April and May, which was offset as you mentioned by the dramatic fall-off in prices. Put that into context, we saw prices for both OSB and lumber from May to June on the indicated prices reduced by over $100. For us, given our scale, each $10 change in lumber is a monthly impact of $3 million and each $10 change in OSB is $1.5 million. So on a monthly basis, that impact is $4 million to $5 million. So you can just imagine the impact that we have when we have dramatically falling prices. Having said that, we do look for Q3 to be closer to Q1 in view of our current prices and expected demand. We see our customers are being more deliberate and replenishing their inventories as they revise their housing starts. So at today's prices and volumes, it's going to be difficult to be cash positive for the quarter. Now we were cash positive for Q2 and we are cash positive year-to-date in Wood Products and we saw good, good returns overall in our Lumber and OSB segments for Q2, but the lower demand where it really hit was in our Engineered segments and our Distribution. So we're going to continue to do the things that we can to ensure that we’re using all the leverage to generate positive cash. But it’s difficult market conditions.
George Staphos: Tom, at this current level of demand and pricing, do you have the tools or levers by which to become cash breakeven over the rest of the year within Wood Products, i.e. through reducing production or other moves like that?
Thomas Gideon: Well it's going to be difficult as I said, if demand doesn't materialize to levels that we’d expected, we're going to continue to review our operating portfolio, we're going to ensure that our supply base and our supporting cost structure is well aligned to that demand. I would also note that in contrast, in Q1 when we had this call, we had built some working capital both in inventories as well as accounts receivable in anticipation of a better Q2. We have worked that off during the second quarter and positioned ourselves for what we see as dampening market conditions that we will see in Q3. So George, it's going to be difficult, but we're going to have the levers we think we have to do what we need to do to come as close to generating cash positive as we can.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: The higher Homebuilding margins that you saw in the quarter, can you give us a sense of what was really driving that? I mean, I would have expected your material cost would be up so was it mix or was it a healthier portfolio?
Larry Burrows: Yes, Mark, I think it was a combination of factors. Mix certainly helped, but also it’s beginning to be, we're beginning to feel the impact or the benefit of some of the actions that we've been taking over the last couple of years and so a lot of things that had to do with our construction hard costs, how we reposition communities, introducing new product, combination of those factors have helped in that regard.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And am I right in thinking that your material costs would have been up?
Larry Burrows: Not necessarily. We look at being able to manage our material costs all the time, and then while, obviously, there may have been some elements of it that increased in that quarter, there are others that went down. And so I think generally we would have ended up with a little bit lower cost in the second quarter.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Great. That’s pretty good. One question, point of clarification on the Timberlands, the comment was made that export sales to China and Japan are seeing increased competition. Is that increased competition coming from the U.S. or somewhere else?
Daniel Fulton: Well, as we looked at it, we saw substantial improvement in all of our volume in going to both China, Japan and Korea in Q2. The comment I was specifically referring to was for China and Korea as other producers are looking for outlets for their volumes compared to the domestic alternative.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And are those other producers in North America? I'm just curious where they're coming from?
Daniel Fulton: Those other producers are North America, as well as New Zealand and as well as other producing companies.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So it is more broad than just Doug Fir. Okay.
Daniel Fulton: Absolutely.
Operator: The next question will come from Chip Dillon with Crédit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Patty, just so we get this right, I would imagine in the third quarter is when you're going to catch up on the tax rate and will you intend to sort of tell us what portion of the reversal or credit that's almost inevitable? Or maybe it's not a credit, but what portion of the tax line is to catch up from the first half and what portion deals with the third quarter?
Patrica Bedient: Well, it will all run through the quarter, Chip, and we can dimension what the catch-up would be versus what it would be on a quarter basis. As you think about just the tax rate differential, we're at about 37%, 38% right now and it's probably going to be something closer to 20% for the year.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: And I think if you could give us a little color just as a follow-up on Specialty Fibers, the Pulp business. It was much better than we thought with sort of the hand-hide behind your back of three mills being down. Could you just let us know how much that downtime cost reversal will likely be in the third quarter? And is it sort of fair to say that we should look at, for the most part, the industry pricing that, given your fluff orientation, is substantially higher according to RECE today than it was on average in the second quarter?
Thomas Gideon: Chip, this is Tom. Let me take that. The maintenance cost associated with the three outages was approximately $30 million in Q2. So you can factor that into your model. And of course, as you've noted, we have very strong markets in our fluff components, and I would also say that as you look at our MBSK, we are heavily weighted towards premium towel and tissue which has held up reasonably well. And I would also indicate that we have very little transactional exposure to China. So when we put those together, as Patty mentioned, we're looking forward to increased realizations in this segment for Q3.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: If I may on the stock, the way I’m viewing it, and tell me if I'm missing this, is that what trades today basically reflects the market cap above $5.04 billion. And I was wondering if is there anything either an investor can do or the company would do or cares about to sort of reduce the volatility which, of course, it hasn't been that volatile, but you do have this window of time where it's not going to reflect the total market cap, but just the part above $5.04 billion?
Patrica Bedient: Well, I think the way to think about the market cap if you were looking at Chart 12, for example, would be to take the total shares that are indicated there of the $517 million and if you took that times the trading price of the stock, so if you used yesterday's stock price, for example, of $16.49, you'd end up with a market cap of I think that's probably somewhere north of $8 billion. So around $8.5 billion. So that's the way really to think about the market cap. As we had talked about on the conference call in July 12, theoretically, the market cap should change by the amount of the cash portion of the dividend. So market cap decrease should be about $560 million.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse AG: Totally understand, but the volatility of the market cap will only be expressed between now and September in what trades right now.
Patrica Bedient: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Larry, I was hoping you could give maybe a little bit more color on where the surprise came from in the quarter. Your guidance was initially, I think, for a loss in the single-family sales. I'm just wondering usually you have a decent amount of lead time in outlook in there so I'm just wondering what changed in the second quarter.
Larry Burrows: I think a couple of things happened. We saw mix had to do with a good part of it, and so a little heavier in some of the San Diego, Houston did well to a lesser extent, DC, and then we also had improved margins. And we also got some additional closings and some of that may have had to do with the June, or at least initially the June 30 closing date that was the expectation for customers to be able to qualify for that first-time tax credit.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And do you feel pretty good about the visibility you have for the current quarter right now?
Larry Burrows: Well, I think that the markets are, as we said, challenged, but we do feel okay about what the visibility that we have, yes.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And, Tom, just following up on Chip’s question on fluff pulp. I mean, can you talk maybe just the supply-demand dynamics that you're seeing in fluff. And with commodity prices falling, I mean, do you think it would follow that, that fluff would eventually have to follow that?
Thomas Gideon: Gail, as you know, it's still a relative overall-type market despite evidence of softening. With the supply disruptions are behind us and of course, China’s being very deliberate in replenishing its inventory. And as you know, they have some new local supply with their new mill at Rizhao which is bleached hardwood craft so those are some factors that are involved. On the other hand, what you have offsetting that is that industry inventories are currently very low. And as I mentioned earlier, we participate in MBSJ primarily in the premium towel and tissue, we have a very strong relationship in fluff with a few key customers who are growing. We have a very strong order file. So while there is some overall price moderation that could put some downward pressure on markets, we feel very good about our order file and about what it looks like for fluff going forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Christopher John with Deutsche Bank.
Unidentified Analyst: I was just wondering about what you’re seeing in terms of log price trends. Wood Products, a lot of volatility with a sharp spike in 2Q and then the drop-out since then. I'm wondering how much the log prices benefited from that on the way up and is going the other way now.
Daniel Fulton: Well, Chris, the log prices do have a strong dependency on what happens on the Wood Products markets. If you look year-over-year, we've seen tremendous improvement in our log realizations as Wood Products markets have improved as well. And it is impacted domestically depending on how our customers are doing in terms of their ability to pay for the raw material. So that's another reason why we not only make sure that we do a great job in marketing our material in domestic U.S., but we also maintain great international presence in export markets as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, I mean broadly speaking though, how would you compare the amount of volatility in log prices to the amount of volatility, let's say, in lumber?
Thomas Gideon: Well I think you see more volatility in lumber than you do in logs. Typically, you'll see logs that will be a little bit lagging in terms of how they respond either up or down to the marketplace conditions. So it's less.
Unidentified Analyst: And then getting back to the outlook on your Cellulose business, you said that 3Q was going to be strong, but given what's going on in commodities and pulp markets, how do you see that impacting the potential outlook for 4Q?
Thomas Gideon: Well again, as I mentioned, we have focused relationships with key customers, both on what I would call market pulp as well as fluff, which is our predominant sales volume. We have limited exposure in what I’ll call true commodity-type pulp and so we're not quite impacted as well as others might be by what's going on in China and elsewhere.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just first a couple of questions on Wood Products. Trying to get a sense as to was there any impact from inventory losses perhaps in your Distribution business as prices were falling down rapidly and maybe as a part of that, you’d mentioned that Engineered Wood and Distribution were particularly challenging. Can you give us a sense as to how big an impact that might have been? Because one thing I just compared your profitability in building products versus that of everybody else who’s got a building products business and you didn’t stack up very well in the quarter. And I’m sure you look at that as well so maybe if you could provide a little color as to why that was and what you can do to change that.
Daniel Fulton: Sure. And actually, when we look at lumbers and panels, both in the market as well as with us, we did well in Q2. We were extremely encouraged by our performance of our Panel segment this quarter. With the improved commodity prices, we had a good boost to performance in those markets, and it went well. Our Lumber segment also performed well despite having rapidly falling products as I mentioned from mid-May to the end of June. And we did take some downtime, which impacted our costs so that we were positioning our inventories for what we see as a reduced market outlook in the third quarter. Now as you mentioned, both Engineered and Distributions continue to be challenged. These are segments that are very strongly tied to housing starts and order files from dealers. And it's going to be difficult to see significant performance in those segments until we start to see some sustained recovery in housing starts. I would also note that we do have significant operations that have been curtailed and closed in that segment and not all of the costs associated with those have gone away. However, that does provide significant potential leverage as markets recover. And to your first point, is yes, distribution does get impacted by the timing and the severity of price changes in this kind of a rapid fashion.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I realize you're not going to want to get too granular. But if I look at Louisiana Pacific or Norbord, their panel businesses, they were kind of order of magnitude 25% margins. If you look at the lumber players, there was some range, but they were basically kind of 5% to 15% in terms of margins in the second quarter. When you said you were doing well in those businesses, were you comparable to that or were you -- because if you were, then there must have been very sizable losses in the Engineered Wood and the Distribution businesses.
Thomas Gideon: Well, as you know, each company has a unique portfolio and geographic presence that contributes to their results. In Panels, I think we were fairly comparable. In Lumber, we did well but again, depending on the structure and where the geographic presence are or where the lumber producers, we could be impacted. As you would note, Canadian lumber did well. SBF, a little bit reduced in South and the West where we have our major presence. So we did well given our market presence and where we’re located.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, different line of inquiry, harvest. In the Analyst Meeting earlier this year, you provided an assessment of potential harvest levels. I think it’s like 13.5 units this year and going up to perhaps 16.5 next year if I just look at that chart, what type of housing -- how dependent is that on housing start levels and give us a sense of what type of housing start levels that might have embedded.
Daniel Fulton: Well Mark, as I look back, I think you're referring to we indicated we’d be about 13 million cubic meters of harvest in this year. We’re on track for that. The other one was a potential outlook that could occur, which was based on trend. We don't forecast out exact housing starts going forward. But they certainly have to be higher than where they are today.
Operator: The next question will come from Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Patty, can you just confirm that the cost basis for legacy shareholders is, in fact, bifurcated with the legacy shares at the higher basis? And then the new shares at the lower basis. And I guess on a related point, I don't know if you can weigh in on this, but do you have a view on whether wash sale rules will be triggered for shareholders with the IRS?
Patrica Bedient: Well, I think I'll speak to the cost basis of the shares, both pre-and post dividend. In terms of the historical shares, so shares that people owned before the dividend, those shares will retain their basis that they have, there's no change. So if you own shares that you had a $50 basis in, those same shares will have a $50 basis after the special dividend issuance of stock. Now the new shares that we issue for the special dividend will have a full cost basis at the valuation at which we issue them. So if you were to look at Chart 12 then, the new shares, the 305 million new shares that would be issued, would have a cost basis of $16.49. So in our example before, your old shares would have a much higher basis than the new shares that you would get.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And correct me if I'm wrong, but it’s the discretion in the shareholder to which shares they would ultimately sell to apply in their portfolio to book a gain or a capital loss.
Patrica Bedient: Yes, I think there are a number of ways that -- options that shareholders have, individual shareholders, could look at their, depending upon what method they use, if they use an average method when they sell shares, of course, they’d have an average. But you can use a specific identification method, so you could choose to sell the shares that you had in your portfolio before the new dividend shares. And those shares will likely have a much higher basis than the new issued shares. So you would have a capital loss in that respect if you had held them for the holding period.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And again, without being too technical here, do you have a view, Patty, on whether the wash sale rules would be triggered with the IRS on the capital losses?
Patrica Bedient: I really wouldn't want to give individual or corporate tax advice for…
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Fair enough. You mentioned that the cash balance is $1.8 billion in the quarter. What do you view as the optimal cash balance going forward?
Patrica Bedient: Well that's a really good question, Pete. Because it really depends, in terms of what your view of the outlook is from a economic climate perspective. Historically, ourselves and probably most others in this industry and others wouldn't carry the amount of cash that they have on their balance sheets today, but the uncertainty in the economic environment certainly has led us to carry a higher cash balance. The other piece that comes into play would be what debt maturities are. And as you know, we did retire just about half of the 2012 debt maturity tower, but we still have just over $500 billion of that in 2012 as well as just under $200 million of RECO debt. So I think as we go forward, as we look at the $1.8 billion, we have some reduction in our gross debt. We also have $560 million of cash of a special dividend that we’ll be issuing in the quarter as well. So we’re balancing all of those pieces in our outlook for cash. In addition, to the renegotiation of our $1 billion line of credit that we have today, that expires at the end of 2011. So I think your cash balance is just a mix of all of those factors, but clearly the amount of cash at $1.8 billion on a go-forward basis would be higher than we normally would have.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. Tom, can you remind us what the headcount is in the Wood Products business? I know it's come down, but can you remind us what it is today? And if you were to look for housing starts to potentially be in a $1 million or even a sub-$1 million level for an extended period, can you comment on the fixed cost footprint do you have in that business? And whether you think you’re competitive enough?
Thomas Gideon: Sure. Headcount, we're approximately, I believe, about 6,700 in Wood Products, which as you know is down substantially from what it has been. At its peak it was closer to 14,000. In terms of sub-$1 million, as we’ve looked, again, profitability is going to be a combination of price and volume as we go forward. We saw April and May be very profitable months for us even [indiscernible 1:02:43] sub-$1 million housing starts. So as we look forward and we get closer to $1 million, we do have the cost structure that will allow us to do well. But again, you need some level of reasonable pricing along with increased demand in order to make that a fact. So as you know, we've worked very hard over the last year to reduce our cost structure. We're not finished yet. It's a never-ending battle, and we're going to continue to improve our margins by looking for ways to not only improve our sales, but also to reduce our operating cost.
Operator: The next question will come from John Tumazos.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, it's actually Joseph Ferrata [ph 1:03:25]. A quick question on the pulp. A couple of local producers announced price cuts starting August 1, and I was wondering if you guys expect to see similar situations where you guys cut back and end up with a slightly higher than last quarter average price as opposed to a significantly higher?
Daniel Fulton: Well, John (sic), again I’ll just go back and mention we don't talk about price action up or down. And I would just say going back is we have a very strong order file, we’re well positioned in the markets in which we serve with our growing set of customers, and as Patty mentioned in the outlook, we’re going to see stronger realizations. And we see strong positioning for ourselves where we are in MBSK and, of course, we’re very strong in the fluff market, which remains strong and very tight inventories and good demand. So we feel good about where we're going to be in third quarter.
Operator: And the final question will come from Rick Skidmore with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This question’s for Dan. Dan, as you've now made the decision to convert to a REIT, will there be any significant changes in your strategy across either each of the businesses, either from an operating standpoint or how you look at the portfolio longer-term for Weyerhaeuser?
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Rick. Our core asset is our Timberlands, and we’re focused on growing Timberlands’ earnings, and the REIT structure supports that strategy. Our other businesses, which are held in the TRS are positioned to benefit from the recovery as we’ve talked about before, and they will generate cash flow. That cash flow will then be available to us to service our debt, to supplement our dividend and to position us for future growth, all to the benefit of our shareholders. So as we look at the portfolio, each piece has a place. And I want to focus on the fact that the core asset is our Timberlands. You know we've got over 6 million acres of some of the most valuable, sustainably-managed timberland in the world, and we're focused on growing the earnings from that segment. We believe strongly that the shift to the REIT structure will significantly enhance the opportunities that we have for Timberlands both in day-to-day operations but also in our ability to grow that asset.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Daniel Fulton: Let me just, as we close the call, I’d like to summarize key themes for the second quarter and some of the themes that we’ve talked about as we enter the third quarter. When we entered the second quarter, we had positive momentum in all of our businesses. Our Wood Products, Real Estate and Timberlands businesses capitalized on improved conditions early in the quarter. But then as we’ve spoken this morning, faced challenging conditions after the housing tax credit expired at the end of April. We reacted quickly to the slowdown in housing and effectively managed our operations through this uncertain climate, and I'm encouraged by our profitability for the quarter and the significant improvement over prior periods. As we enter the third quarter, housing activity remains at near record lows. Recovery trajectory continues to be uncertain, and Wood Products prices are back to levels seen at the beginning of the year. Business conditions in our Cellulose Fibers business continued to improve through the end of the second quarter and our earnings reflected the resulting increase in prices and with no planned maintenance in the third quarter, we're now able to return to full production and take advantage of current market conditions. As our business teams focused on improved business operations, we made great progress in moving to a REIT structure by declaring our special dividend to pay out earnings and profits. Our focus now is on completing the conversion with payment of the special dividend on September 1. And so in summary, as I look back on the quarter, we made good progress on three important fronts: Operating earnings, cash flow and REIT conversion. For everybody on the call this morning, we appreciate your attention. And we look forward to continued dialogue and your involvement, and as usual, Kathy McAuley will be available later today to help with any further questions or comments. Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel Fulton - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Larry Burrows - President of Winchester Homes - Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Patrica Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Thomas Gideon - Executive Vice President of Forest Products
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan Chase & Co Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group George Staphos Michael Roxland - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Thea, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser Quarter One Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Kathryn McAuley. Ma'am, you may now begin.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you, Thea. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Kathy McCauley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products; and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company.  This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and materials for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at (253) 924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported a net loss of $20 million or $0.10 per share for the first quarter of 2010, on net sales of $1.4 billion. Significant after tax items in the first quarter were; a charge of $31 million or $0.15 per share for income tax adjustments related to the Medicare prescription drugs tax deduction elimination and a state tax rate change, a gain of $26 million or $0.12 per share for the sale of Wood Product's assets. Excluding these items, the company reported a net loss of $15 million or $0.07 per share. Our GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to Chart 4 in the earnings information package as I will next discuss this waterfall chart. Chart 4 is a bar chart detailing the changes in contribution to earnings before special items, interest and taxes. Changes in Weyerhaeuser segment earnings from the fourth quarter of 2009 to the first quarter of 2010 were as follows: beginning with the first bar on the left-hand side of the page, in the fourth quarter of 2009, Weyerhaeuser lost $61 million before special items, interest and taxes. Proceeding from left to right across the waterfall chart, we begin our discussion with Timberlands. Timberlands' earnings were $53 million higher in Q1. This increase was due to more dispositions of non-strategic lands than in the fourth quarter. Higher domestic logs prices, lower silver culture cost and the fact that timber volume was more forward into the first quarter. Wood Products earnings were $60 million higher than in the fourth quarter. This improvement was due to higher lumber, OSB and hardwood price realization and lower unit manufacturing costs, offsetting some of the improvement were higher logs costs. Cellulose Fibers earnings were $15 million lower in Q1 pulp price realizations increased $50 per ton, price improvements however were offset by higher maintenance costs related to scheduled mill outages. Fiber and freight costs were higher during the quarter. Real estate earnings were $20 million higher in the first quarter. In the first quarter, partnership income was $33 million and there was a $3 million gain from land and lot sales. Single-family closing volumes was seasonally lower, our trail prices declined and margins decreased. Partially offsetting these trends were lower selling costs and a decline in G&A.  Corporate and Other increased by $20 million in Q1 due to foreign exchange gains, reduced variable comps and lower G&A. The final bar to the right of the page is the first quarter contribution to pretax earnings before special items of $80 million.  I would now like to turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Kathy. After months of difficult markets, it's gratifying to discuss a quarter where results reflect improved market conditions and where we see the benefits of the work that we have done to reshape the company and improve our long-term competitiveness. I ended last quarter's call by saying I was confident we would deliver significantly improved operating performance. And though we're still not profitable, our first quarter results reported this morning show an improvement of $155 million over last quarter and a $244 million increase from one year ago.  Previously, I've discussed the close linkage between the performance of our Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate sectors and the level of U.S. housing starts. We assumed that U.S. single-family starts would rise to 600,000 this year. Despite signs of gradual improvement, however, housing starts still remain below 550,000.  Several weeks ago in a prepared statement, Fed Chairman Bernanke observed that, "We are far from being out of the woods." And he added, "We have yet to see evidence of a sustained recovery in the housing market." We agree. The whole building market has been characterized as fragile, and yesterday, a commentator described it as wobbly, a term which accurately captures our sense of market conditions. The essential ingredients for a return to long-term trend demand for new housing is job growth. And until we see signs of employment recovery, we remain cautious. Our first-quarter results reflect some stabilization in the housing sector and improvements that we have made in our own operations. The fact that we've been able to show significant gains in performance at this level of starts is a testament to the hard work that our businesses have undertaken to weather unprecedented market conditions and improve long-term performance. The results Tom and Larry will share with you today reflect those actions. And as the recovery gains more strength, we're well-positioned to take advantage of our strong market position. In addition to this work, our other focus involves the strategic decision we have made to convert to a real estate investment trust. This will place our core Timberlands segment into the most efficient tax structure for long-term competitiveness.  At our annual meeting earlier this month, our shareholders approved actions necessary to complete this conversion. Patty will talk a little bit more about our conversion in her remarks and we look forward to further discussion at our annual Investor Conference on May 29 in New York.  And now to help you better understand the improvements we saw during the first quarter, and the challenges still ahead of us, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom Gideon, who will discuss the performance of our Forest Products businesses. Tom?
Thomas Gideon: Thank you, Dan, and good morning. Earnings from our Forest Products business increased in the first quarter as weather-related disruptions constrained supply and led to improving pricing across most of our product lines. Performance of our Timberlands and Wood Products businesses improved substantially in the first quarter, offset by a decline in earnings from the sale of Fiber segment. I will start by discussing our Timberlands business, which is reference on Chart 5.  Timberland's revenues improved in the first quarter compared to the fourth as both log realizations and sales volumes increased. Harvest levels increased 17% versus the fourth quarter. Though we continue to defer harvest, we choose to pull forward volume originally scheduled for later in the year to supply several of our Southern mills. These mills struggled to procure logs as rain, snow and ice disrupted logging operations in much of the region. First quarter export realizations increased modestly versus the fourth quarter on comparable volumes. As export markets remain robust and we continue to supplement core Japanese demand with sales of domestic quality Douglas fir into China. Minerals revenues rose slightly in the first quarter as oil and gas prices increased versus one quarter ago.  On the cost side, per unit volume and road cost fell due to increased harvest volumes. Soil culture costs also declined primarily due to weather. Earnings from dispositions of non-strategic lands totaled $31 million in the first quarter, as we sold approximately 15,000 acres. These earnings reflects a mix of cash from Timberland sale, non-cash exchanges and sales of higher and better use or HBU lands. Timberland prices appears to be holding up well and we are pleased with the prices we received for our acres. Overall, Timberlands earnings improved in the first quarter compared to the fourth, as the segment earned $81 million on first quarter operations. I will now turn to Wood Products, referenced on Chart 6 and 7. Revenues for the segment increased 18% in the first quarter, compared to the fourth, lumber and OSB realizations increased sharply up 18% and 19%, respectively, though volumes remained flat at fourth quarter levels. Sales volumes for engineered lumber increased by approximately 30% compared to the fourth quarter, while average realizations declined slightly due to mix. Per-unit manufacturing costs for most product lines declined substantially compared to the fourth quarter, as we increased operating hours to meet customer demand. Our lumber system took 29 weeks of downtime in the first quarter, primarily in our Southern operations. Overall, the benefit of these higher operating rates were partially offset by increased log costs.  First quarter earnings for the Wood Products segment included a gain of $40 million from the sale of certain British Columbia forest licenses and rights and $4 million from the sale of the saw mill. Excluding these special items, Wood Products lost $63 million on first quarter operations, an improvement of $60 million compared to the fourth quarter. We continue to benefit from the application of lean manufacturing principles throughout the Wood Products business. During the first quarter, over 1,500 iLevel associates participated in lean projects that reduced cost or improved margins in every product line. I'm impressed with the creativity of our teams as they have improved mill uptime, saved energy, improve product quality and reduced waste. I want to thank our associates for all of their hard work in this initiative. Though we are still not satisfied with our operating results, we are pleased with the progress we have made so far.  I'd like to close my discussion on this segment with a brief comment on the first quarter rally in lumber and OSB markets. During the quarter, these markets were significantly affected by supply-related events. Production capacity that had been reduced by mill closures and adverse weather was hit with a sudden surge of orders, as customers restocked highly depleted inventories to accommodate a seasonal increase in housing starts. Though we are encouraged by the improvement in market conditions during the quarter, any lasting recovery must be supported by a sustained increase in core housing demand. We will continue to monitor Wood Products markets very closely and adjust the operating posture at our facilities to match supply with demand. I will now turn to our Cellulose Fibers business, which is referenced on Chart 8. Maintenance expense increased by $14 million from the fourth quarter, while we had planned for additional maintenance in the first quarter compared to the fourth, the first quarter annual outage at our Longview, Washington mill was also more costly than anticipated. Fiber cost rose as weather in the U.S. south continued to limit availability of pulp logs and sawmill residuals. Freight costs also increased. On the revenue side, average pulp realization rose by $50 per ton relative to the fourth quarter. However, shipment volumes declined slightly, primarily as a result of inventory build. After entering the first quarter with low inventories, we built inventory in advance of annual maintenance outages to ensure supply of our contracted volumes. In total, cellulose earnings declined in the first quarter compared to the fourth, as the segment earned $19 million on first quarter operations. I will now turn the call over to Larry Burrows, who will discuss our Real Estate business.
Larry Burrows: Thank you, Tom, good morning. Housing market conditions improved across several RICO geographies during the first quarter. Record affordability, historically low interest rates, and federal tax credit availability generated demand from qualified buyers. However, our markets are still experiencing high unemployment and low levels of consumer confidence, which tempered demand. Though inventories have stabilized in many markets, shadow inventories from foreclosures and vacant units continued to create downward pressure on home sale prices.  With respect to specific retail markets, Washington D.C. and Houston improved throughout the first quarter, as pricing remained stable. San Diego has also performed well, as our local value proposition has held up despite concerns about the regional economy. The Inland Empire in Las Vegas have improved modestly during the quarter, despite sustained pressure from foreclosures and delinquencies. In both markets, we are seeing traffic from qualified customers excited to take advantage of record affordability. Los Angeles and Puget Sound have softened since the fourth quarter, affected by unemployment and price erosion. Phoenix remains challenged due to increasing foreclosures and short sales. These trends are reflected in the Key Indicators table on Chart 9.  Comparing the first quarter of 2010 to 2009, the average price of homes closed declined 3% on 8% fewer closings. However, our cancellation rate improved by nine percentage points to 19% and sales increased substantially. Single-family home sales improved by 36%, compared to the first quarter of 2009, helped by a 21% increase in traffic. Our backlog of homes sold but not closed increased to 877 units or nearly 300 more than one year ago. Turning to our financial results, RICO posted a $31 million contribution to pretax earnings in the first quarter of 2010. Our results are comprised of gains of $33 million on the sale of two commercial partnership interests. Gains of $3 million on the sale of land and lots and a loss of $5 million on single-family home building operations. This compares to a loss of $30 million on single-family home building in the first quarter of 2009. While no one at RICO is celebrating a loss in single-family operations, the $25 million year-over-year improvement is encouraging, given the lower volumes. I'm proud of our employees efforts that led to this improved operating performance. Though our work is not complete, our results reflect progress we continue to make in reducing SG&A, cost of goods sold, standing inventory and substituting smaller, less expensive products. Though RICO's first quarter sales were encouraging, we remain cautious about the housing market's overall direction. Demand remains fragile. Acceleration of foreclosure rates, changes in the availability of credit or adverse impacts from the conclusion of the federal government's tax credit, as well as the Federal Reserve's program to purchase mortgage-backed securities quickly disrupt this recovery.  While the housing market remains uncertain, I am confident that RICO's focus on cost discipline, combined with our deep local market expertise will enable us to successfully adjust to changing market conditions.  I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the second quarter.
Patrica Bedient: Thanks, Larry, and good morning, everyone. We expect to return to profitability in the second quarter. While risks remain and there is still a feel of uncertainty about the housing market as Larry just discussed, it would appear that we are in the early stages of an economic recovery.  I'll begin the outlook with Timberlands. In the West, export and domestic log prices are expected to increase, partially offset by a lower export grade mix. In the South, we anticipate that a slight increase in pricing will also be offset by a lower grade mix. Fee harvest volume in the West is expected to increase modestly in the second quarter. However, fee harvest in the South will likely be lower compared to the first quarter as harvest was pulled forward from the second quarter due to adverse weather conditions. So the culture and road cost should be seasonally higher in the second quarter. In addition, in the South, the first quarter weather-related delays in silver cultural activities will likely result in increased spending for the second quarter. Excluding the effect of Timberland dispositions, we anticipate that overall earnings in the Timberlands segment will be somewhat lower in the second quarter compared to the first as higher log prices are offset by increased costs and lower earnings from fee harvest. Moving on to Wood Products. Thus far in the second quarter, prices have continued to increase. And we expect that compared to the first quarter, sales realizations in all product lines will improve. Although sales volumes are still weak by historical standards, we anticipate significant increases compared to the first quarter with sales volumes increasing by approximately 25% on lumber, 40% in OSB and in engineered lumber, anywhere from 20% to 35%, depending on the product. Raw material costs are expected to increase somewhat due to higher log costs. Manufacturing unit cost should improve, as production increases to meet higher seasonal demand. We expect the Wood Products segment to be profitable in the second quarter. In Cellulose Fibers, average sales realizations are expected to increase significantly, driven by the continued industry supply disruptions due to the Chilean earthquake, as well as strong demand from Asia. Pulp shipment volumes are expected to increase slightly. We will likely experience higher cost for ocean freight and slightly higher maintenance costs in our pulp mills as the second quarter has a slightly higher amount of scheduled maintenance downtimes, as a result of regulatory requirements for boiler inspection. We anticipate these cost increases will be partially offset by lower fiber and energy costs. Earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment should be substantially higher in the second quarter compared to the first. In our Real Estate segment, we expect home closings to exceed 500 or an increase of more than 100 closings compared to the first quarter. Average home prices are likely to be lower in the second quarter due to mix. However, gross margins are expected to remain steady when compared to the first quarter. Selling costs should increase somewhat, driven by the increased volume of closing. For the second quarter, we expect a small loss in our single-family home building business, comparable to the first quarter. We don't anticipate the significant level of earnings from the sale of commercial partnerships that we experienced in the first quarter. However, we may have smaller land or lot sales. We didn't have any impairments in the first quarter and have not had any to date in the second quarter. Now I'll wrap up with some financial comments including a REIT update. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were approximately $62 million. This compares with $68 million in the first quarter of 2009. We estimate net capital expenditures for the full year of 2010 will be around $200 million.  We ended the quarter with over $2.1 billion of cash and short-term investments. This is up from the year-end balance of just over $1.9 billion. Traditionally, the first quarter is a significant use of cash due to lower seasonal earnings, working capital increases, and semi annual interest payments. In this first quarter, those outflows were more than offset by the receipt of tax refunds of over $550 million.  Let me close with a brief RIET update. As Dan mentioned, we received the necessary approvals from shareholders at our annual meeting earlier this month, which will allow us to use significant amount of stock to pay out our accumulated earnings and profits. The most likely timing for the payout is later this year, but the actual timing has not yet been set. The total amount of earnings and profits, as of the beginning of this year is between $5.5 billion and $5.7 billion. The board intends to cap the cash portion of the payout at 10% or approximately $550 million to $570 million, assuming a 2010 conversion. As we look forward, we are reviewing the appropriate level of cash balances in light of our announced REIT conversion, our future dividend policy, the appropriate capital structure for the company, including the need to replace our line of credit, which expires at the end of next year and our significant debt maturities at the beginning of 2012, as well as consideration of growth opportunities as the economy improves.  Although there continues to be much uncertainty as to the pace of economic recovery, especially in the second half of this year, our strong liquidity enables us to make the appropriate strategic decisions to enhance value for shareholders. We look forward to giving you a better idea of timing for these decisions at our upcoming analyst meeting at the end of May.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel Fulton: Thanks, Patty. Now we are ready to address your questions and your comments. Tom and Larry are prepared to answer your business-specific questions on Timberlands, Wood Products, Cellulose Fibers and RICO and you can feel free to address them directly. Patty and I will handle your general, corporate and financial questions.  And now I'll ask Kathy to open up the call.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you, Dan. Thea, could you please open the call to questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will be from Chip Dillon of Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: My question has to do, and I apologize if you addressed this earlier, with the Wood Products business, which is showing just a dramatic recovery. I wanted to know how much you thought the supply-chain either at the mill level, where people haven't added shifts yet and particularly beyond the mill level in terms of just entire distribution network is having an impact here. And then maybe you could talk a little bit about the demand side from -- are you seeing repair and remodeling really driving this as we haven't seen a real jump in housing starts yet?
Daniel Fulton: What we've seen and what we've heard in talking with our customers over the last quarter or so is that they have seen this recent rallies being primarily driven by a limited supply as well as restocking of their severely depleted inventories. Now we've also seen some underlying demand improvement and so that's really the genesis and the basis for what we've seen so far. In terms of the repair and remodel, they have seen relatively good business over the quarter. We've seen a slight uptick in our participation in the home-improvement markets. And I think everyone has seen the results of the recovering economy, at least as it's evolved to this date.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: Do you anticipate that you all will be restarting any capacity?
Daniel Fulton: Well as we look at that, we have and continue to look at our operations. We've added capacity in terms of hours and shifts, based on what we're getting in terms of our customer demand and we brought that supplier over the quarter as we thought was appropriate to meet our customer demand. And we're going to continue to assess our demand forecast and we'll make any or future additions to our supply of brokers either market conditions warrant or economics dictate.
Operator: The next question will be from Mike Roxland of Bank of America.
Michael Roxland - BofA Merrill Lynch: Quick questions on the guidance for RICO, are you guiding 2Q to be in line with 1Q at $30 million or are you saying that RICO should be more or less break even x the land sales?
Larry Burrows: Mike, this is Larry. I think what we're saying is, is that it's more close to -- we said we had about a $5 billion loss in single-family home building and so we're talking about being comparable to that. And excluding any of the commercial sales.
Michael Roxland - BofA Merrill Lynch: So a $5 billion loss for the overall segment in 2Q?
Daniel Fulton: For single-family home building.
Michael Roxland - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right, but the guidance I thought was -- the overall guidance for RICO I thought was to be in line with 1Q's $30 million, or am I reading that incorrectly?
Larry Burrows: Yes, I think you're reading that incorrectly. I think it's to be in terms of the single-family, home building operations to be in line with 1Q. We don't anticipate any large commercial partnership interest sales in the second quarter. And we may or may not have any land and lot sales in the second quarter.
Michael Roxland - BofA Merrill Lynch: In timber, can you provide a little more color on the non-strategic land sales in terms of type of property location, just stocking levels. Just want to get a little bit more color on the $35 million in revenue you had in the quarter?
Daniel Fulton: As we reported, we had about $31 million of earnings from a non-strategic sales of land. That was roughly about 15,000 acres. It was spread a little bit more heavily to the West, as it was to the South. It was a combination of more heavily weighted to kind of like Timberland to traditional Timberland tracks, from some HBU and some recreational sales. And we also had some level of condemnations that were basically for minerals right away, down in the South. We saw a good level of interest in what we had available and we continue to make sure that we get best value for what we have to offer.
Operator: The next question will come from Gail Glazerman of UBS.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Following on that a little bit, was any of that land part of the 88,000 you're marketing in the West? And if not, can you give an update on that?
Daniel Fulton: No, none of that was any of the 88,000 that we had talked about earlier in 2009. As you'll recall, there was a significant amount of acres of non-strategic land with Timberland sales that we had held for sale. And we still have that available. We have good interests by a full range of potential bidders. We have institutional investors. We have high net worth individuals, timber companies and conservation organizations that we're working with as we talked. And we'll be viewing a variety of options. Again, the key thing is, is that we're going to move at a very deliberate pace. We're heading in to a recovery period, and we're going to sell only if we get values that we feel are appropriate. And so we'll continue to work that. And we'll let you know when it happens.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: And can you give an update on what your operating rates were for lumber and OSB in the fourth quarter if they're going to have the ramp up that you discussed in the first quarter -- I'm sorry in the first quarter if you're going to have that ramp up in production in the second quarter?
Daniel Fulton: Sure, as we looked at that, we operated across our system at a roughly about 62% of our lumber capacity. And roughly about 43%, 44% of our OSB capacity as we move forward. I would say though, that as we look at that, that we have severe weather constraints in January and February that held down our lumber production particularly in the South where we have our largest footprint. And on OSB, we had significant outages at our South and West Virginia OSB facility as they had historical snow levels that took them down for an equivalent of two weeks. And we also had some issues with a strander at our Oakland facility, which impacted our production during the quarter as well.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Larry, can you talk a little bit about the tax credit and how that might have impacted the volume you saw earlier in the year, and how you think that might impact the demand towards the back half of the year?
Larry Burrows: Sure, Gail. We have benefited from the tax credit. It has been differential by market. I think it was when the President extended it toward the end of last year, we didn't really see a whole lot of impact at the end of last year and on the early part of this year. It's kind of picked up in February and March, but as I said, it's differential by market. In D.C., in San Diego, in Houston and probably L.A., it's had lower kind of impact, it's helped in the Puget Sound, Phoenix and Inland Empire and Las Vegas. And so I think that, that's, we're waiting to see what's going to happen as, kind of, the training wheels come off. Also, the State of California has just instituted tax credits similar to what they had last year, and that goes into effect next week in May 1. And so hopefully, that will give California some lags.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Investment Bank: Dan or Patty, I appreciate we can talk about this more next month, but are there any comments that you can make about how you view your current business portfolio, just in terms of any assets that you might want to keep especially as we're starting recovery tick in? And also how you view your current debt burden? And again I appreciate you are still evaluating messages [ph] (39:46) in terms of the REIT conversion?
Daniel Fulton: I'll start with your second question. We are evaluating capital structure, as Patty mentioned, and that will be part of the calculus as we look forward, as we review our cash balances and also as we review the decision regarding future dividend policy. With respect to the portfolio of businesses that we own, we continue to believe that they are complementary. And as we've talked before, as we convert to a REIT, they all fit. And we're looking forward to the earnings and the cash flow that will come from the housing recovery, as it will be reflected in our Wood Products business and in our Homebuilding business.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Connelly of CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: On the Homebuilding business. Over the past year, you made a number of changes in house plans to hit different price points. Can you talk a little bit about how that is playing out for you, and whether the plans you made worked out the way you had hoped, how satisfied you are with what you've done so far, and whether you are seeing any changes in the square footage front?
Larry Burrows: We have been pleased with the results that we've had from the redesign and the repositioning of our product in our communities. It is, obviously, as we have different value propositions, it's differential by market, but generally what I would say is the homes are smaller. They're kind of less jazzy. There's kind of less ego-intensive, if you will, elements in it. And I think that although we are continuing to learn, adjust and refine, we're pleased with how our product, the new product has advanced.
Operator: The next question will come from Claudia Hueston of JPMorgan.
Claudia Hueston - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was curious if you could give some guidance on both the tax rate and the corporate expense. And then just with regard to the maintenance you're taking in Pulp, is this pretty much it for the first and second quarter? Are those the heavier maintenance months or is there more maintenance we should expect to see as the year unfolds?
Patrica Bedient: This is Patty, I'll take your first couple and then I'll let Tom speak to the maintenance. As it relates to the tax rate, the tax rate had about a little over 40% was high for the first quarter, for a couple of reasons. One, first of all, with not a lot of income or loss, it swings pretty much just even on small items. So some of those small items would be -- there is no benefit from the loss of our international operations. So even though they weren't huge, they do make the big change to the rate. The other thing is as we look forward, there are a number of tax credits that are going to the tax extenders process, which well, on one hand, we certainly anticipate that they will be extended. Until they are extended we can't put them in the rate. So it makes it a little higher as well. And then the other piece is state taxes. So as you look forward toward the end of the year, I would expect that our tax rate, eventually, will be below the 40%, probably something closer to 38%. Although as I've said, from a GAAP perspective, we can't include the impact of those credits at this point. As it relates to corporate expense, the Corporate segment is the catch-all segment for a number of things. So you do see it move around quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter. But I think as we look forward, a good number for just guidance purposes would be somewhere around $10 million to $15 million of expense for the quarter.
Thomas Gideon: Yes, related to that, we do have some other just scheduled in the second quarter. Those are mandated by both regulatory, as well as insurance requirements. And we do that, not only to allow us to operate safely, but to ensure we maintain the process for liability that we need to supply the contracted volume. We're possible we have looked at deferring, and we were able to defer one of these outages until later in the year.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: Dan, I wondered if we could start just by talking about some, what I think, you have already defined as non-core businesses, things like Westwood Shipping and maybe some short-line railroads. With ocean freight rates going up, is the prognosis for being able to do something with Westwood improving?
Daniel Fulton: It should be improving. As you observed, rates are coming back up. We've identified those assets as noncore. And as we evaluate the improvement in market, we should have some greater opportunity to make some decisions.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then if we kind of come back to Gail's question about some of the other stuff that's maybe a little closer to the Forestry business, the Wood Products business, the Distribution business, the Pulp business. Just in general term, if you're going toward becoming a timber REIT, doesn't having all of these other businesses kind of tack on the side? Do you view that as a potential drag on your valuation?
Daniel Fulton: No, we don't. We believe that the portfolio of our core businesses, Timberlands, Wood Products, Cellulose Fibers and Homebuilding, make sense. And we believe that the assets that will be held in the taxable REIT subsidiary will give us the potential, as I mentioned, in responding to Gail, to generate earnings and cash that will support the overall portfolio. The conversion to timber REIT supports the core strategy of our Timberlands ownership in order to get it into a tax-efficient ownership position. We believe that basic portfolio is complementary and will give us significant earnings and cash flow power as we move forward.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank AG: And then finally, for Tom Gideon. I just want to come back to this issue of being able to bring capacity back in the short term in businesses like Lumber and OSB right now to take advantage of this price rally. Can you talk about how that's occurring? Were you able to add, kind of, incremental shifts or extend overtime, and how quickly you can flex in that respect?
Thomas Gideon: Well, Mark, you're correct. What we have fundamentally done in OSB and inside of Lumber is look at additional hours where appropriate to meet demand as well as some shift configurations as we've gone forward. We are able to work within those kind of constraints. The issue that we'll have, and I think the entire supply chain will have, will be on the availability of raw materials to a degree that underlying demand was to spike in a sudden way. So that will be the biggest limiting factor as we look forward in Q2.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Staphos (sic) [George Staphos] of Bank of America.
George Staphos: Within Wood Products, is there anything else that you need to do from a structural standpoint to improve your margins? Or at this juncture, are we just awaiting and writing on what looks to be the recovery in housing and Wood Products?
Thomas Gideon: Well I would say George, we're just not waiting for the rally, but we continue to do everything we can to improve our operating margins and take cost out where -- then and improve our operations. During the quarter, all of our product lines saw improvement compared to the fourth quarter. We not only improved our total operating results by $60 million, but we reduced our manufacturing costs by $43 million. Now when somebody else do the price selling [ph] that's due to higher operating rates, a lot of it's also due to how well we operated. And I would just say for example, in lumber, for the hours that we ran, we had a record amount of output for hour operation in our facilities. And so that's an example of what we're doing in terms of maximizing our efficiencies. In both the OSBs, we have very high process reliability and uptime rates. So we're doing things that will maximize our ability to produce more with the assets that we have.
George Staphos: Tom, I wasn't disputing the performance that you've had already. I guess I was trying to get if there's any other non-linear adjustments that you can make, but it sounds like at this juncture, it's more process and singles and doubles as opposed to anything major, would that be fair?
Thomas Gideon: Absolutely. Again, it's getting more out of the assets that we have and as we've talked about in previous calls, George, we've had an extensive process of applying lean concepts. For example, during the first quarter, we had 1,500 of our associates or nearly 28% that were involved in some kind of Kaizen event, which was designed either take out costs, reduce waste, reduce downtime, change overs, anything that we can do to maximize the return that we're getting. And so we're going to continue to do all of those things as well as well as focus on maximizing margins and operate on our highest efficiencies. I need to have our focus on reducing costs whenever we can as well.
George Staphos: Broadly as we think about the potential sources of cash and how you distribute that once you ultimately convert to a REIT, we have different models that exist in the market now that we can evaluate compared to warehouse are might ultimately drive its model to be. Should we think about the potential distributions that occur on a regular basis for the company? Being more centered from, if you will, traditional timber REIT results, obviously, Timberlands, perhaps something from what products or would you see the whole portfolio as potentially available to support distributions to shareholders once you convert to REIT. Similar question, obviously, you have some land that's for sale in the Pacific Northwest. But on an ongoing basis, should we expect that Weyerhaeuser is in the business that, perhaps, marking some of the existing land homes that you have.
Patrica Bedient: Yes, George. This is Patty. Good morning. I think the way that you should think about it is the REIT is a structure to support the strategy of the total portfolio. So as we look at how we operate the company and maximize those cash flows, we look at the total portfolio, not just individual businesses or individually, the Timberlands. Now, we'll do that cash flow to make it the most tax efficient for our shareholders. But the whole portfolio is there to support the cash flow of the company.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Just this one for clarification on the tax rate, Patty, if you do decide to convert to a REIT, presumably, that will change everything and there would be a year-end adjustment, is that correct?
Patrica Bedient: That's right, Mark. When we actually make the final decision of the conversion in the Europe conversion, while we've said that 2010 is the likely timing, there hasn't been a final decision. So until that happens, we can't reflect it in our financial statements. But if we were to convert in 2010, we would redo the tax rate and it would be lower than the 42 that we had in the first quarter. So all the financials and the tax rate that I spoke of are consistent with our historical C corp. status.
Daniel Fulton: Mark, this is Dan. Let me just add one comment. As you introduced your question, you said if we convert to a REIT, and then we get into timing questions, and I just want to clarify for everybody on the phone that we have made the decision that we are converting to a REIT. And really the decision at this point is timing. It's not, if it's when.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group: Second question is, in a rapid price escalation like what we are seeing in both Pulp and Wood Products, I was hoping to get a better understanding of how the prices flow through into your business. In particular, I know for instance in Fluff Pulp, I think you went out with a very large increase in April, and then also, another increase in May. Do those have fairly immediate impact? Does it take weeks or months for it to get past along to customers? And likewise, in Wood Products, there was a competitor in the OSB business who was talking about the fact a couple of days ago on their call that the big price run that we saw starting, basically in March, really didn't start showing up until April for them. And that the prices that we are seeing today really show up three or four weeks down the road in the realizations that they booked. Do you have a similar experience or is yours different and just if you would, fill us in both for the Structural Panels and Lumber?
Thomas Gideon: It's the latter part of your question first, Mark. Our overall realizations, as a general rule, will generally lag the market in a rapid price increase, and they'll be slowly coming down as prices fall as well. And that lag, whether it's in lumber or whether it's in OSB, depending on the length of our order file, which is generally the price time of order versus price time of shipment. And then for our contract getting committed volume, we generally index that perhaps to a random length of the price time of shipment. And so our contracted volume, we have a significant portion of our Lumber, as well as our OSB volume that's under contract. So you will typically see some level of lag as well. And similar on the pulp side as well, is depending on where the product is going. In some cases, the time of shipment in terms of lag, has arrived at the port versus when it's recognized. So it's going to be different, but we generally see some type of lags, but I don't know how to characterize it in terms of exact precise number of days that, that would be.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen of our final question will come from Chip Dillon of Crédit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: When you do think about your model, obviously, when you look at manufacturing, the lumber is much more, I would think, and plywood, tied to the forest. And say, on one hand, versus OSB and engineered wood on the other. And are we correct to assume that the lumber and the plywood is more central to the strategy than necessarily owning the OSB and engineered wood products operations?
Daniel Fulton: Well, Chip, our Wood Products business, as you know, includes significant lumber operation, as well as engineered products and panels, as well as distribution. We look at that business, we look at each component of that business on an ongoing basis. And we think that those businesses operate well together. They're certainly more tied back to the Timberlands in the Lumber business. But they're all products in which we can be an effective competitor. And our focus is on improving the performance, not just in our Wood Products business, but all of our businesses to achieve top quartile cost of capital performance. The issue as to whether or not they directly tie back to Timberland ownership is really secondary, if you think about the fact that we've got these businesses in the taxable subsidiary. And they each need to operate and perform.
Thomas Gideon: And I might just add to that from a market point of view. Many of our customers buy multiple product lines from us, a few or single items only [ph]. Many of them have five, two, three, four different product lines. And so it's important to trend [ph] of our total offerings to the marketplace, Chip.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Chercover of D. A. Davidson & Co.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: My first question is kind of along the lines of Mark Weintraub's. You are technically a REIT today, are you not, at least structurally? And, therefore, the Timber earnings at year end will be taxed at the pass through rate as opposed to the full year?
Patrica Bedient: We are structured such that we can convert to REIT in 2010. But we have not made the conversion. So as we sit here today, we are for purposes of our financial reporting, of C corp. If, as we have said, we do look at 2010 as the most likely, but when we actually make that final decision, we will then get the favorable tax treatment for the full year of 2010. We've not paid out our earnings and profits in 2010 yet. So that is one step that we finally would need to take to actually do the 2010 conversion. So the board would have to declare that dividend because that's what it is. And then we would go through the mechanics of completing that conversion in order to complete the process for 2010.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: That's why you're accruing at C corporate's although you are structurally ready?
Patrica Bedient: Yes.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And further, any BCAP benefits in the first quarter or will there be any going forward?
Daniel Fulton: Steve, we have just some very minor repayments based on what we have submitted prior to the suspension of the program on February 3. Other than that, as you know, the program is being under review by the USDA and we'll await the final resolution of that along with the rest of the industry, which will probably, at best, be later some time this fall.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: My final question was with respect to the OSB mill in Miramichi. Did that sale get consummated and does this spike in pricing either change the deal or provide you with a top up?
Daniel Fulton: At this point in time, we're still under active negotiations at Miramichi, and it really doesn't change on how we think about that particular operation.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Still non-core, probably worth more than it was a few months ago?
Daniel Fulton: We're still under negotiations with the potential acquirer.
Operator: The next question will come from Peter Ruschmeier of Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: A question for Dan, I was curious, how you think about growth of the timber REIT going forward. In particular, in response to the question about using the cash flows of both the timber REIT and the TRS, doesn't that minimize the cash available for growth capital. And so does that suggest that your intention is really not necessarily to grow the assets of the REIT?
Daniel Fulton: We stated in the past, Pete, that our core business is Timberlands. And as such, we need to position our Timberlands in a tax-efficient structure. And the ownership of Timberland to C corp. has constrained our ability to grow by moving to a REIT structure. It opens up opportunities for us to be, not only a more tax-efficient owner, but also positions us to be able to grow the asset. As Patty said in her remarks, we look at the cash generation from the business on an overall basis. And so we will focus on opportunities as they emerge or we can be an effective operator earning, as I mentioned before, cost of capital returns. And we believe that we have the potential to grow the timber asset and that's one of the key reasons that we're making the conversion.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Just a quick business question, I guess, operating question for Tom Gideon on the markets. I was curious how you think trade flows for logs and lumber between Russia and China are changing, if at all. And how you think about that in the context of what you expect for log demand, and lumber demand from BC in the Pacific Northwest. Are you seeing any evidence of change in trade flows?
Thomas Gideon: We still have a very good export market. I'll take on the log side first. We see a growing movement of what had been traditionally from Douglas fir domestic wood that's going into China, as that market continues to absorb more production. As we look at that, we do see that they're casting the net somewhat wider. We expect that they'll actually look beyond just the West and actually look into Russia for additional wood supplies, log supplies as the year continues. On lumber, our primary flow for us is going into Japan with some limited amount going into China and Korea and then Japan still remains a very strong market for us.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: And any changes that you're seeing in trade flows from BC into the Pacific Northwest into that region? [indiscernible] decline been on other factors?
Thomas Gideon: No, but as we look at that as you're aware, with the recent movement in pricing, there will be a reduction in FLA tax that will attributed to wood coming out from Canada. And that obviously had some impact on market flows going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] That question will come from Richard Skidmore from Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a quick question for Tom, and then a question for Larry. First, Tom, the volume numbers that you gave for lumber OSB, were those quarterly changes or year-over-year changes that you had referred to in terms of the second quarter?
Thomas Gideon: Those would've been quarterly changes.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And Larry, as you look at the expiration of the home buyer tax credit occurring tomorrow, how do you think that, that might impact either traffic or how housing as you see it might play out here in the next couple of quarters, or over the next 6 to 12 months.
Larry Burrows: I think it will be differential by market, as I've mentioned, earlier, Richard, I think some of our markets had less impact from the tax credit. We hope to see some renewed interest in California, given the California credit that starts on May 1. But I think, generally, and this is the question, I think, generally, customers realize this is a good time to buy a home. We have good affordability. You have low interest rates. And so, really it gets back to a question about their kind of confidence. Do I have a job? Do I feel good about that? And so we're hopeful that this will have some legs to it.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Fulton for any final comments.
Daniel Fulton: Thank you. As we close out the call, let me summarize for everyone on the phone our key themes for the quarter.  First, though single-family starts are up significantly from one year ago, the pace of continued recovery remains uncertain. And it continues to cause us to be cautious. Our word for this morning was wobbly. Larry described the expiration of the federal tax credit as taking the training wheels off. And if you can create a picture in your mind of training wheels coming off a small bike and a young child on a two wheeler, that's the theme. It's a little bit wobbly coming through this period. Fundamentally, we need job growth to drive a sustained recovery.  Second theme is that even if current low levels of operating results for the quarter were greatly improved from the prior quarter due to improved market conditions, but importantly, due to the changes that we've made in the way we operate our businesses. And we'll continue to focus on improving all of our businesses in order to achieve top quartile cost of capital performance.  Third, Patty summarized our second quarter outlook for each business segment, including improvement in Wood Products and Cellulose Fibers, comparable performance in RICO and somewhat lower results in Timberlands. And then finally, we continue to move down the path of REIT conversion to support our core Timberland strategy.  So I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. As usual, Kathy will be available later today to follow up with any of you that have questions or comments. And we look forward to seeing see many of you next month in New York. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathy McAuley – VP, IR Dan Fulton – President and CEO Patty Bedient – EVP and CFO Tom Gideon – EVP, Forest Products Larry Burrows – President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company
Analysts: Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Gail Glazerman – UBS Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Claudia Houston – JP Morgan Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Group Steven Chercover – D. A. Davidson & Co. Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning, my name is Tia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Weyerhaeuser’s fourth quarter earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remark there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Kathy McAuley. Ma’am, you may begin.
Kathy McAuley: Thank you, Tia. Good morning. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser’s fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I am Kathy McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer, Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products; and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Meier at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported a fourth quarter 2009 net loss of $1.75 million or $0.83 per share on net sales from continuing operations of $1.5 billion. For the full year 2009, Weyerhaeuser reported a net loss of $545 million or $2.58 per share, on net sales from continuing operations of $5.5 billion. Significant after-tax items in the fourth quarter were a benefit of $77 million or $0.36 per share for alternative fuel mixture credit, a charge of $67 million or $0.31 per share for real estate asset impairment, closures, restructuring and other charges. Our charge is $57 million or $0.27 per share for forest product asset impairment, closures, restructuring and other charges. Our charge is $19 million or $0.09 per share for the early extinguishment of debt. Excluding these items the company reported a net loss of $109 million or $0.52 per share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart four in the earnings information package, as I will discuss this waterfall chart. Chart four is a bar chart detailing the changes in contribution to earnings before special items, interest and taxes. Changes in Weyerhaeuser’s segment earnings from the third quarter to the fourth quarter were as follows Beginning with the first bar on the left-hand side of the page, in the third quarter of 2009, Weyerhaeuser earned $15 million before special items, interest and taxes. Proceeding from left to right across the waterfall chart, we will begin a discussion with Timberlands. Timberlands’ earnings were $30 million lower in Q4. This decline was driven by significantly lower harvest volumes and fewer sales of non-strategic timberland. Higher logging costs more than offset improvement in pricing mix. Wood products earnings were $31 million lower in fourth quarter; significantly lower production due to weak seasonal market demand resulted in higher per unit manufacturing cost. Average lumber prices declined 3% from the third quarter average. OSB prices were 6% lower and engineered wood products prices were flat. Cellulose fibers earnings were $10 million lower in Q4, an 8% increase in average pulp prices was more than offset by higher fiber maintenance and energy cost. Real estate earnings were $20 million higher than in the previous quarter. This improvement was driven by higher margins and a 54% increase in closing. Corporate and other expenses increased by $25 million, due primarily to foreign exchange and lease adjustments for transportation assets. The final bar to the right of the page is the fourth quarter loss of $61 million before special items, interests and taxes. Please note chart one, in the information package detailed, the Q3 and Q4 pre-tax contributions to earnings by segment before significant items as well as consolidated results. And now I'll turn the call over to Dan Fulton.
Dan Fulton: Thank you Kathy, and good morning. In our earnings release this morning, I voice confidence in our ability to deliver significantly improved operating performance despite the unacceptable 2009 financial results and continued challenges as we enter 2010. I’d like to spend my portion of today's call providing more detail and color to the items I outlined in my statement, because it will help set the stage for the comments from our team that’s following. Although I'll discuss each point individually, you should think of them as interconnected and encompassing our strategic approach to meeting the current challenges while positioning us to rebuild our revenues and earnings. Just to remind everyone, the areas of focus I outlined in this morning's release involved cutting costs, reducing production to meet demand, generating cash, deferring our harvest, improving long-term competitiveness across all business lines, growing with strategic customers and announcing our decision to convert to a real estate investment trust. I started my comment in the release by noting that we had cut costs, and that’s a good place to open my discussion on this call. As we said repeatedly, we must reduce our SG&A costs to make us more competitive, and by the end of 2009 we’d cut those costs by nearly $300 million. Our overall head count is down 26% because of the SG&A changes as well as reductions in operations. We made significant cuts in other expenses as well. This included redesigning our compensation and our benefits package for both active and retired employees. Each of our businesses has also aggressively reduced costs. With products, for example, was making fundamental changes that will carry into stronger markets. This includes lowering product inventories by applying well known lean manufacturing principles to lower inventory levels in our replenishment system. Closely coupled with the need to reduced costs is our strong focus on generating cash and maintaining liquidity. We ended the year with $1.9 billion in cash and strong liquidity. With a whole building and remodel markets of record growths [ph] demand for our products has dropped significantly. As I mentioned in our earnings release, we responded by deferring our harvest to preserve the long-term value of our timberlands and we’ve reduced production to meet demand. In some cases this involves changes to our operating posture such as eliminating shifts. In other cases we have used this opportunity to eliminate non-competitive males from our system to create a more efficient system that enhances our ability to capture the benefits to stronger market conditions. While meeting current market challenges is the keen focus we continue to invest in growing our businesses. When I mentioned growing with strategic customers in my comment this morning, one example of that was our announced plans to build a new cellulose fibers processing plant in Gdansk, Poland. But there are other opportunities as well. The world is demanding green solutions for energy and we have significant opportunities with our biomass initiatives. On Tuesday, we announced that we are collaborating with Mitsubishi Corporation to explore the possibilities of a strategic solid biofuel venture. Catchlight Energy are joint venture with Chevron to develop liquid fuel from biomass remains on track. Finally, I want to touch on our decision to convert to a real estate investment trust, the final item that I mentioned this morning. As we said in December when we announced our intent to elect REIT status, this represents a positive step in executing our overall strategic direction. The REIT structure best supports Weyerhaeuser's commitment to maximize our timberland returns by allowing us to become a more tax efficient and competitive owner, manager and buyer of timberlands. As I said in my statements this morning, we faced challenging markets as we enter 2010 because of the actions we have taken over the past year, and we’ll continue to take, I am confident we will deliver significantly improved operating performance. I’d like now to turn the call over to Tom Gideon, who will discuss the fourth quarter performance for timberlands, wood products and cellulose fibers.
Tom Gideon: Thank you, Dan. Our forest products businesses experienced a difficult fourth quarter, as the effect of the traditional seasonal downtime churn further compounded the challengers created by a weak housing market. I will start by discussing our timberlands business referenced on chart five. Timberlands revenues declined in the fourth quarter compared to the third as moderate improvements on Western Log realizations were offset by a significant decrease in sales volumes in both the west and the south. Harvest levels declined 21% versus the third quarter as we elected to defer additional volume to preserve value. Harvest levels in our southern operations were also reduced due to weather. Export realizations were unchanged from the third quarter while our volumes were down modestly. On the costs side, per unit logging and trucking cost increased as a result of lower harvest volumes and higher diesel prices. Minerals revenue declined in the fourth quarter compared to the third as third quarter included a one-time sale of mineral royalties. Our strongest minerals activity remains concentrated in the Haynesville Shale region. We had no significant sales of non-strategic lands in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter included $15 million of impairment charges primarily associated with our joint venture sawmill in Brazil. Excluding those one-time charges the segment earned $28 million on fourth quarter operations. Harvest deferrals had a significant effect on our timberland segment in 2009, as our US harvest volumes declined 33% compared to 2008. We strongly believe that these deferrals remain an important way to preserve value for our shareholders and we will continue to defer harvest in 2010. I will now turn to wood products referenced in chart six and seven. Revenue for the segment declined 13% in the fourth quarter compared to the third as the normal seasonal slowdown plays downward pressure on sales volumes and realizations. Volumes declined across all product lines with engineered wood products down approximately 20% quarter-over-quarter and softwood lumber up 5%. Realizations for engineered lumber held up well throughout the quarter. Average quarterly realizations from most other products declined compared to the third quarter, though realizations did climb as the fourth quarter progressed. Ongoing efforts to balance production against demand resulted in 79 weeks of down time across our lumber system in the quarter representing 29% of available operating hours. We also increased downtime across most of our own lumber facilities. Although we have continue to reduce overall cost of production, unit manufacturing cost rose in the fourth quarter compared to third due to low production volume. This was particularly true for our softwood lumber facilities. Fourth quarter earnings for the wood product segment included $85 million in one-time charge, primarily for impairments and our engineered wood products and softwood lumber segments. Excluding those one-time charges, wood products lost $123 million on fourth quarter operations. These are unacceptable results, even though we have dramatically improved our costs structure from where it was a year ago. Comparing the full year 2009 to 2008 per unit manufacturing costs for softwood lumber have declined year-over-year despite a 29% drop in sales volume. We have held unit manufacturing costs for OSP flat in the phase of a 40% volume decline. SG&A expense has decreased by $103 million or 25%. Total wood products headcount has declined by 29% or nearly 3,100 positions versus this time a year ago. Though encouraging, these improvements are not sufficient unless we double our efforts to reduce expenses and increase margins throughout our operating system. Moving into 2010, we will continue to match supply with demand, improving operating efficiencies and totally scrutinize every use of cash. Finally, I will discuss our cellulose fibers business referenced on chart eight. Cellulose fibers revenues increased 4% in the fourth quarter compared to the third as average price realizations improved by $53 per ton. However, this additional revenue was more than offset by increased cost of production. Fiber cost increased substantially rising by $20 per ton in the fourth quarter as adverse weather in the US south [ph] reduced availability of both logs and solve my residuals. Energy costs also improved. Our New Bern, North Carolina mill completed and extended scheduled outage in the fourth quarter to perform annual maintenance and complete a capital project to rebuild the mills recovery boiler. This contributed to an increase in maintenance expense, which rose by $8 million in the fourth quarter compared to the third. Cellulose fibers results included $113 million of special items comprised primarily of $150 million and alternative fuel credits. Excluding special items the segment earned $34 million on fourth quarter operations. I will close my portion of this morning’s call with some brief comments about the Biomass Crop Assistance Program or BCAP. On February 3rd, US Department of Agriculture discontinued approval of new matching payment for BCAP. Our southern and western timberlands began delivering eligible biomass to third parties on January 15th. Prior to the February 3rd notice we had filed for BCAP matching payments of approximately $1 million based on one month of BCAP operations. However, the level of any future benefit will depend upon receiving further clarification on final program eligibility rules. I will now turn the call over to Larry Burrows who will discuss our real estate business.
Larry Burrows:
 : On the supply side, the declining inventory homes for sale is largely offset by additional foreclosures creating further pressure on home sales prices. These trends are reflected in the key indicators table on chart nine. Comparing the fourth quarter of 2009 to 2008, WRECO’s sales increased 31% despite a 40% decline in traffic. Our cancellation rate improved by 14 percentage points to 27%, and our backlog of homes sold but not closed increased modestly to 650 units. However, the average price of homes closed declined by almost four percentage points versus one year ago. With respect to specific WRECO markets, Washington D.C., Houston and the Puget Sound began to firm in the fourth quarter as both employment and pricing showed early signs of improvement. While Los Angeles to San Diego have held up better due to our positioning within each market, they are not immune to Southern California's overall economic conditions, including above average unemployment. Phoenix began to lose momentum toward the end of last year reversing the improved sales velocity observed in mid-2009. Together with the Inland Empire in Las Vegas it remains one of our most difficult markets due to high unemployment and pricing pressure from accelerating foreclosures. Our financial results reflect a continued uncertainty in our markets. Earnings before special items improved in the fourth quarter compared to the third. However, that improvement was more than offset by increased impairment charges. Included in our $89 million fourth quarter charge to pretax earnings are $100 million in one-time charges is primarily attributable to a single large impairment in our Washington D.C. market. We also realized a loss of $10 million from the sale of land and lots located in Phoenix, Las Vegas and Southern California. Excluding the loss on land and lot sales and the one-time charges, WRECO earned $21 million on fourth quarter operations. I previously discussed actions that we are taking to improve our operating performance and generate cash. Although WRECO’s overall financial results are unacceptable, I am proud of our employees’ accomplishments in those two focus areas. In 2009, we reduced land spending, staffing, work-in-progress, standing inventory and costs of construction. We also successfully executed our strategy to divest approximately 5000 logs. This combination of operating costs improvement in sales of non-strategic assets yielded over $100 million of pre-tax operating cash flow in 2009 including positive cash flow from our core single family home building operations. 2010 will not be an easy year, but our improved cost structure better positions us to manage the changing market conditions we will continue to experience. I am optimistic that our cost discipline combined with the eventual stabilization in our markets will allow WRECO to re-emerge as a highly competitive profitable home building operations. I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the first quarter.
 : On the supply side, the declining inventory homes for sale is largely offset by additional foreclosures creating further pressure on home sales prices. These trends are reflected in the key indicators table on chart nine. Comparing the fourth quarter of 2009 to 2008, WRECO’s sales increased 31% despite a 40% decline in traffic. Our cancellation rate improved by 14 percentage points to 27%, and our backlog of homes sold but not closed increased modestly to 650 units. However, the average price of homes closed declined by almost four percentage points versus one year ago. With respect to specific WRECO markets, Washington D.C., Houston and the Puget Sound began to firm in the fourth quarter as both employment and pricing showed early signs of improvement. While Los Angeles to San Diego have held up better due to our positioning within each market, they are not immune to Southern California's overall economic conditions, including above average unemployment. Phoenix began to lose momentum toward the end of last year reversing the improved sales velocity observed in mid-2009. Together with the Inland Empire in Las Vegas it remains one of our most difficult markets due to high unemployment and pricing pressure from accelerating foreclosures. Our financial results reflect a continued uncertainty in our markets. Earnings before special items improved in the fourth quarter compared to the third. However, that improvement was more than offset by increased impairment charges. Included in our $89 million fourth quarter charge to pretax earnings are $100 million in one-time charges is primarily attributable to a single large impairment in our Washington D.C. market. We also realized a loss of $10 million from the sale of land and lots located in Phoenix, Las Vegas and Southern California. Excluding the loss on land and lot sales and the one-time charges, WRECO earned $21 million on fourth quarter operations. I previously discussed actions that we are taking to improve our operating performance and generate cash. Although WRECO’s overall financial results are unacceptable, I am proud of our employees’ accomplishments in those two focus areas. In 2009, we reduced land spending, staffing, work-in-progress, standing inventory and costs of construction. We also successfully executed our strategy to divest approximately 5000 logs. This combination of operating costs improvement in sales of non-strategic assets yielded over $100 million of pre-tax operating cash flow in 2009 including positive cash flow from our core single family home building operations. 2010 will not be an easy year, but our improved cost structure better positions us to manage the changing market conditions we will continue to experience. I am optimistic that our cost discipline combined with the eventual stabilization in our markets will allow WRECO to re-emerge as a highly competitive profitable home building operations. I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the first quarter.
Patty Bedient: Thanks Larry, and good morning, everyone. Although overall market conditions continue to be difficult as we enter the New Year, they are much improved compared to a year ago. As we compare the first quarter outlook with the most recently ended fourth quarter there continues to be much uncertainty surrounding the strength of the recovery. I will begin the outlook for our business segment with timberland. Domestic log prices in both the west and south are expected to increase slightly over the fourth quarter as industry log supply tightened especially in the south due to unusually wet and cold weather. While fee volumes maybe up slightly as compared to the fourth quarter, we are continuing to defer overall harvest. Export volumes in prices are expected to be similar to the fourth quarter. We will likely have increased silvicultural spending and somewhat higher fuel cost in the first quarter. There were no significant sales of non-strategic lands in the fourth quarter. And before considering the effect of any sales that may take place in the first quarter, we anticipate that overall timberland earnings will be comparable to the fourth quarter. In wood products, sales realizations and volumes are expected to increase in the first quarter driven primarily by improvements in both lumber and OSP. Engineered wood realizations are likely to be similar to the fourth quarter on improving volume. While we are saying strengthening take place early in the quarter, it is hard to forecast the sustainability of the improved market given the uncertainty that exists in the overall economy, especially around housing. Raw material costs are expected to increase somewhat primarily due to rising log cost. Unit manufacturing cost should be lower as a result of improved operating rate. Losses in our wood products business are expected to be much lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Sales realizations in our cellulose fiber segment are anticipated to increase in the first quarter. The low inventory situation that we saw in the fourth quarter is expected to continue leading to increased prices. On the expense side, fiber costs are expected to increase for our southern softwood mill, as the wet weather I referenced earlier could affect fiber availability. In addition, we anticipate increased costs associated with the first quarter maintenance outages compared with the fourth quarter. We expect that maintenance combined with rising fiber cost could offset the increase in sales realization, and as a result earnings in the first quarter are likely to be comparable to the fourth quarter after excluding the effect of alternative fuel mixture tax credits. Moving on to our real estate segment. The first quarter is traditionally the slowest quarter of the year for home closings. Closings in our single family home building business will be significantly lower in the first quarter. We expect to close less than 400 homes this quarter compared with the 778 closed in the fourth quarter. We also anticipate that margins will be lower due to lower average home price driven primarily by mix. As a result, we expect a loss in our single family home building business in the first quarter. However, we anticipate that this loss will be more than offset by the sales of two commercial partnership interests that contributed $33 million to earnings in the month of January. Therefore, excluding any asset impairment, we expect that real estate segment to be profitable in the first quarter. Now I will conclude with overall financial comments. Capital expenditures for Weyerhaeuser Company for the full year were $215 million. For 2010, we expect the net capital spending will approximate $200 million. This includes expenditures for reforestation. We ended the year with cash and short-term investments of approximately $1.9 billion. During the quarter, we received a $138 million from the pension trust as partial repayment of previous loan. The remaining $147 million is scheduled to be repaid in the first half of this year. In October, we issued $500 million of 10-year bond and retired over $400 million of debt. Our scheduled 2010 maturity are only about $40 million and are not due until the fourth quarter. In the first quarter we expect to spend approximately $150 million for a semi-annual interest payments as well as capital expenditures of over $50 million. We will be filing for our tax refunds of approximately $550 million, and we could receive those funds late in the first quarter or early in the second. And now I’ll wrap up with some comments on REIT conversion. On our December call, I mentioned that our earnings and profits, which must be distributed for a REIT conversion were estimated to be around $6 billion as of the beginning of 2010. We are finalizing that number but it may be somewhat less than $6 billion. In addition, the IRS had issued an extension of the revenue procedure that allows REITs to pay dividend with 90% stock and 10% cash. That extension is for two years 2010 and 2011. Well, the board has not decided how much to pay in cash. At 10%, the cash dividend required for a 2010 earnings and profits distribution would be less than $600 million. We do need shareholder approval to issue the additional shares for the stock portion of the dividend, and the request for that approval will be included in the upcoming proxy statement to be filed later this month. As we have previously stated, the earliest and most likely date for our conversion would be this year. We don’t have any further information to provide on this call that anticipate providing further clarity as the year progresses. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Dan Fulton: Thank you, Patty. As we open the call for your questions this morning, I am going to turn the call back over to Kathy McAuley, and Kathy will lead the Q&A.
Kathy McAuley: Sure, good. Thank you, Dan. To execute we’ll open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question will come from Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Thanks, good morning. Patty, I was curious if you could confirm if all of your gross debt resides in your legal structure, your taxable REIT subsidiary?
Patty Bedient: Well Peter, as we talked about before when we did the restructuring at the beginning of 2009, end of 2008, the primary debt that we hold at Weyerhaeuser Company is with our bondholders and the taxable REIT subsidiary that was set up with primarily our manufacturing asset assumed to the obligation from Weyerhaeuser Company to pay those bonds. So, while our debt actually resides at the Weyerhaeuser liability in terms of the original bond issuance, the obligation to pay that debt is the obligation of the TRS.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Understood, okay. And just to clarify, Patty, is it true that your E&P for 2010 assuming a 2010 conversion that is calculated from the yearend financials of ‘09, is that correct?
Patty Bedient: Yes, that’s right.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Patty Bedient: So, we’ll be able to finalize that number here shortly. It is a taxable – or it’s a tax regulation calculation, so it’s not like our retained earnings on our financial statements, and that was the number that I was referencing that will be likely under $6 billion.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital:
 :
Patty Bedient: Sure. Let me go back to the beginning of the year as we talked about, so finalizing the amount of the earnings and profits. And then we will need the shareholder approval for the additional shares to be issued. The board will need to make a decision if we convert in 2010 or payout the E&P in 2010, what's the mix of stock and cash might be? The new piece of information that I shared this morning difference in the call was, traditionally when people have converted they have used as lowest 20% cash for that dividend. And we do now have the flexibility to use 10%, the board will have to make a decision as to what amount of cash they would authorize in that particular distribution. The distribution itself needs to take place or a 2010 conversion needs to take place by the end of 2010. So the board is carefully considering what that might be and the timing. In terms of the yearend, we would also need to make sure that we put that conversion in place, the mechanics for the conversion in place, probably no later than the end of the third quarter, beginning of the fourth quarter, even though you haven’t have yearend to pay it out, we will need to send out information to our shareholders about the amount of cash and stock in that distribution. They have the ability to make an election.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Thank you Patty. I'll turn it over.
Patty Bedient: Okay, thanks Pete.
Operator: The next question will come from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Yes, just two questions. The first one is that, you announced the other day this new dissolving pulp substitute, I think pro 429, and what I want to ask you, is this sort of marking a re-entry into the specially dissolving market. I know you had existed I think with the Cosmopolis a few years ago, and how many tons could you see this ramp up to?
Dan Fulton: Well, Chip, we did announce that the introduction of our Pearl 429 which as we indicated is primarily going to be used in lacquers, paints, inks and thickening agents. And it can partially replace dissolving great pulps that are traditionally higher costs. We are still in a very early stage of marking this. We are encouraged by the customer response, but we expect that the markets for this will be relatively modest inside, but it will be a specialty niche market there that we think will create value in increased margins. And so, we look at this introduction of this product as just an ongoing part and example of the new specialty solutions that will bring into the market place that we believe will add value not only for ourselves but also to our customers.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: So, you are saying maybe like less than 100,000 tons?
Dan Fulton: This time I wouldn’t want to speculate where that would go. We are in the very early stages of it, but we are obviously encouraged by the initial response so far.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Okay, just a last quick question is, you know, Patty thanks for the update on the how the EMP might work, and as you have gone through your shareholder list, obviously if you’re an individual or maybe even an mutual fund with a low basis and your owners are in the high tax bracket, you are basically going to force them to reduce your proportion of ownership in the company if you just do a 10% payout, but that maybe for the greater good if you are relatively small proportion. And so have you kind of done any analysis, and can you tell us about how you think about whether it’s going to be 10% or 15% or 20%, you know, specially about how much of your shareholders would be impacted by only getting 10%?
Patty Bedient: If I couldn’t give you any further clarification in terms of how many of the shareholders might be impacted by that and certainly it would take place at the time that the distribution would be made. What we have said in terms of the combination of cash versus stock, while it would be true that at 10% cash you would have to have additional cash to pay the tax, if you are taxable. And those dividends would be taxable at 15%. You will also if it’s at 10% be getting more shares than you would at a 15% cash distribution. And differently than some other distributions because this is taxable, shareholders will have full tax basis in those shares. So they could have left to sell those additional shares, take that cash to then pay the tax that would be due on the cash or on the total distribution. So it's difficult to say what portion of the shareholder base is taxable and what decision shareholders might make as a result of that, but they are net out of pocket at the end of the day. Cash perspective would be the same whether we did a 10% cash or a 15% cash because they’ll be getting more stock if we did 15%, or less stock if we did 15% than they would have if they got 10.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Connelly with Sterne Agee.
Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee: Thank you. Two parts to my question, first is, with how weak that your business has been in terms of log sales over the last couple of years in these increased deferrals, is it enough to affect your timber rotations? And do we need to think about your wood makes any different, but in the past you made some strategic changes in the rotations. I am just wondering if this cumulative effects since 2006 might be big enough that we start thinking about your wood mix differently?
Dan Fulton: Well, I think Mark, over the long haul it won’t have a material impact as we go forward. We have obviously had deferrals in light of what the economics are, in terms of harvesting now as opposed to deferring for a few years. So, potentially if this was to continue for a very extended time, we might have to re-look at that. But, at this point in time now, we don’t anticipate making any substantial changes to our several cultural regions.
Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee: Okay. And if I could just ask one quick follow-up, your cancellation made obviously in the real estate business is better than it was in 2009, did you think of that as stabilized nor improving at this point?
Dan Fulton: I would hope Mark that certainly they were stabilized and we would hope that we would see some small improvement.
Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee: Okay, thank you.
Dan Fulton: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: The next question will come from George Staphos with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, everyone, good morning. I just wanted to confirm, when we look at the free cash flow, obviously from very, very low levels, you nonetheless showed progress, it would appear that you were mostly positive on free cash flow, and it doesn’t look like there was much effect or benefit from the receipt of the alt fuels tax cut. I just wanted to confirm that to start?
Patty Bedient: Yes, George, this is Patty. We have just under $30 million of receipt of alternative fuel tax credits in the quarter. The remainder of those funds will be received in conjunction with the tax returns.
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. Second question around free cash flow again, do you think there is further opportunity within the operating businesses to bring working capital down further or have you hit as much productivity and optimization as you will see at this juncture, said differently, can you just maintain more or less re-cash breakeven given the markets and holding pricing constant with current levels into the first several quarters of 2010.
Tom Gideon: George, this is Tom. We did over the last two years as we’ve gone through this downturn has really work our working capitals while reducing our operating costs. We did make substantial reductions in our working capital over 2009 compared to 2008. It doesn’t necessary have the same level of opportunity going forward but it is still an area that we’re going to continue to work diligently.
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, so should we then assume just to conclude that now you can stay more or less around breakeven from a cash standpoint from here on now borrowing changes in the market?
Tom Gideon: Well, again we’re going to take a look at what we need to do against what the market does, and the demand that we can supply profitably, and that will dictate whether or not we stay or good to cost breakeven across the entire forest product segments.
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last question, and I’ll turn it over, a similar type of question Tom for you. If we hold price constant, and given what you are seeing in terms of your conversion market, do you think we’re at a point where the wood products business can get to breakeven or better by the conclusion of 2010. And what is some of the parameters around that occurring or not as you think about them? Thanks very much. Good luck in the quarter.
Tom Gideon: Well, George, we’re encouraged by what we've seen obviously so far in January, but again the first four weeks don’t necessarily determine how the remainder of the year will go. We are presently surprised by the level of volume and demand that we see as well as the price depreciation that we have seen particularly in lumber and OSP. We think we have done a good job this year in reducing our costs and positioning ourselves to take full advantage of these improving markets. And as we look at it compared to 2008, our sales were down 43% or nearly $1.5 billion, and yet even despite those really difficult conditions we actually improved our operating earnings year-over-year by reducing our cost of goods sold and our SG&A. We are going to continue to work those things. We are going to take advantage of the market as they present to us. And as they say, the watchword is, hey let’s continue to rationalize our operations as appropriate. Let’s make sure that we are optimizing our core set of operations and matching supply against demand, and then we are going to continue to rigorously reduce costs where we can out of our system. With that no guarantees but we feel --
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Understood.
Tom Gideon: We feel much better about where we were at this time last year than going forward.
George Staphos – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks very much. Good luck in the quarter.
Patty Bedient: Thanks, George.
Operator: The next question will come from Gail Glazerman with UBS.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Hi. Carrying on the last comment for a minute, can you talk a little bit more that any theories you have and what you are seeing in terms of wood products market which is obviously fairly unusual for this time of year?
Tom Gideon: Well Gail, as we look at that we think what we saw during 2009 was besides just great volatility there was a lot of destocking, I guess, at the inventory channel throughout the system and that wasn’t just at the producer level but that was all the way through the distribution channel, all the way, to our customers and when you took a long time for that to work itself out. So, at this point in time what we think we are seeing is a basically while we think as a motto maybe whatever normalized maybe, replenishment of inventory as product is sold, where people are buying on a more consistent basis, but at this point in time we're not willing to speculate whether or not we've seen any for underline demand increase at this point in time. So, we're taking a watch and see approach.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. And then similar question on asset sales, particularly land sales, lots sale and the timberlands in the west that you've been marketing. Can you give us an update on how the marketing on the timberlands is going, and what your plans might be for lot sales in 2010?
Dan Fulton: Okay. We'll start with timberlands and then we’ll move it to Larry after Tom comments.
Tom Gideon: Yes, Gail, we had announced earlier that we are at least exploring the potential sale of 88,000 acres of non-strategic timberlands in the west. We have been evaluating bids from interested parties. And again, what we'll do is we'll take a look at those as they come forth, and if they’re appropriate in their values that we feel good about then we'll consummate the sale. And that’s basically the status of where we are in that progress for those lands.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: And just, has interest been good or too early to say?
Tom Gideon: Say again, Gail, please.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Has interest been good so far or just too early to say?
Tom Gideon: We have had very good interest, we're still trying to evaluate what that does in terms of how that translate into the kind of values that we think are appropriate for the quality of lands that we are offering for sale.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Thank you.
Larry Burrow: Gail, as it relates to WRECO, about a year ago we talked about having kind of a change in some of our assets in where we had that kind of, define them as move them to non-strategic, and we talked about approximately 4,000 lots that we were looking to sell. And in my remarks this morning, we accomplished that and we actually did a little bit more of as we went out to the market. As we think about 2010, we have always kind of been long on land and we have been rewarded for that, and we think that in a market where you are seeing some land like builders there may be an opportunity at some point in time for us to be thinking about selling lots in a profitable basis. I am not saying that the markets come back and it is demonstrating that yet, but that’s kind of what we’re thinking about. Again, we’ll also be looking at our inventory in land and if we can improve it one way or the other, and if it means that we may have some other assets sales we kind of look at that as we get further into the year.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Wilde of Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Good morning. And I just wanted to ask some questions mainly around timberland, is there any of that drop-off in the fourth quarter, was any of that weather related or was it all of that really just a financial decision?
Tom Gideon: Well, it was a combination as we went forward with some of our financial decisions. Some of it was the fact that we saw experienced lower demand which required less volume coming forward, and then in the south we did have weather restrictions somewhere in the magnitude of about 250,000 cubic meters that were strictly due to the poor weather conditions.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay and then I am just curious, Tom, it seems like not only you but a lot of theme [ph] homes and private land owners have been holding timber off of the market because pricing and demand has been so weak, how do you think about sort of potential pent-up supply coming into the market when things start to pick up? Is this going to be an issue?
Tom Gideon: I can't really speculate on that, Mark, going forward, but what I can focus on is the real pressure for us is how we reposition ourselves for residential market recovery. So what we do is, we are ensuring that we have a broad base of both internal as well as third-party customers, both domestic as well as international that allows us to flow our logs to the best value. So for example, in this year we have actually reestablished good solid markets to China for volumes that they haven’t been taken in recent years. So in addition to that we’re maintaining our course set of harvesting capabilities that will allow us to increase harvest demand and values one. So, we are positioning ourselves based on what we know and against the customer base that we have established going forward.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank:
 :
Tom Gideon: We don’t forecast out beyond the quarter. We will see for the first quarter, we will see a seasonally improved volume compared to the fourth quarter but it will be down from 2009 first quarter.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then finally for Larry. I just wondered if you’d be willing to comment at all on a article that was in Wall Street Journal, I think yesterday just on consolidation and potential consolidation in the home building market. And I am particularly interested with you guys if you can give us any more color on how big the land book is particularly around San Diego and Los Angeles for you guys?
Larry Burrows:
 :
 :
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right, that’s very helpful. And any thoughts on that article?
Larry Burrows: No, not, I really don’t want to get in a position to speculating what may or may not happen in terms of consolidating and what other guys might do, we’re kind of focused on kind of what we are doing.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: As you should be. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Claudia Houston with JPMorgan.
Claudia Houston – JPMorgan: Thanks very much. Good morning. Just a couple of questions. Wondering, I was just curious if you have a housing outlook, housing stat forecast that you are working from for 2010 and then maybe how that’s changed, or if it’s changed from last quarter?
Larry Burrow: I will address that, Claudia. I don’t want to share our internal outlook. We have an internally generated forecast. We look at other sources of information. We are expecting improved conditions in 2010 versus 2009. We are expecting a slow steady recovery, and that is informing decisions that we make in our home building business as well as our wood products business and our timberlands business.
Claudia Houston – JPMorgan: Okay, thanks. And then shifting gears, on the, your corporate expenses sort of moved around a lot, I was wondering if have any guidance for 2010, a normal range for that? And then also any update on pension expense and any potential contribution for 2010?
Patty Bedient: Yes, Claudia, this is Patty. In terms of the corporate segment, it is as you think about forecasting it, difficult to forecast because it is where a lot of moving parts end up like foreign exchange, variable comp, and our transportation assets are in that segment as well. But if you think about going forward I would say something around the $15 million to $20 million a quarter, certainly at that level as we think about the first quarter is probably a good rule of thumb. I think you also asked about pensions, looking at pension and other post-retirement benefit. We don’t have the final number yet for the year of 2010, but I would expect that we will have a slight pension credit, and we will have other post-retirement expense, probably likely to offset each other as you think about it. So I would probably just keep that as a flat number. In terms of contribution that we look forward for the pension at 2010, speaking to the minimum contribution that we would be require to make, I think as we sit here today with the preliminary estimates that we have in, it looks like we may need to make a minimum contribution to one of the plans in the level of about $30 million. Now that will be for the year of 2010, but we have actually until the fall of 2011 to make that contribution. We’re also looking at whether or not we may want to make some voluntary contributions into those plants. So I hope that’s helpful.
Claudia Houston – JPMorgan: That is. Thank you very much.
Patty Bedient: Welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Weintraub of Buckingham.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Group: Thank you. Dan, last call you had finished up saying that the climate bill being debated and congress has the potential to have a meaningful impact on your timberlands activities. Any update on that?
Dan Fulton: Well, as you see what happened with healthcare, quite frankly, it's hard to speculate, Mark. Our view is that there is some renewed energy around attempted passage of a climate bill, we are keenly focused on what the outcome maybe as I mentioned in the call last quarter. There is potential impact on the operation and management of our timberlands. As we look at that resource we have certainly the potential for carbon credits. There are critical definitions around biomass that become addressed in both climate and energy builds. So, we are tracking closely, but I cannot handicap Congress at this point other than to say that we are engaged in the process and we are strongly representing the interest of our assets.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. Fair enough. And just a few clarifications, so the $550 million tax receivable that you are expecting to get in March or April, does that include the benefits from the alternative fuel?
Patty Bedient: Yes, it does, Mark.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. And so the $600 million that's on the balance sheet does that -- that also I take it and does include the alternative fuel mixture credits?
Patty Bedient: Yes. And the difference between the 600 and 550 is a combination of some State refund as well as some foreign tax credits that will be freed up, that will have to file amended return to get. So, those -- the remainder of that will likely come in over the remainder of the year.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay.
Patty Bedient: And we would anticipate getting almost 550. Again, at the end of the first quarter at the earliest, but at the beginning of the second if not then.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: And then bringing two prior questions together, I know if you would be willing to give us an assessment on what type of housing start environment do you think is necessary for your key businesses to be in balance where you presumably can we start seeing profitability?
Dan Fulton: The goal in each of our businesses is to be profitable with the housing starts that were dealt, Mark. So we made significant improvements across our wood products business over the last year to drive down cost, to be more competitive, as Tom said to match our production with profitable demand. In the case of our real estate business, we came through this downturn, as Larry noted we had profitable single family operations in Q4, Patty talked about the first quarter activity, and as you know, in the first quarter starts are relatively low. And so you see a typical seasonal falloff, but we are projecting an increasing activity in 2010. And our goal in both of those businesses is to be profitable at the level of housing starts that we see in front of us.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay, but I just want to make sure I’ve heard that right. So, you think it’s a realistic goal to potentially be profitable in the wood products as well as, of course, homebuilding business in 2010?
Dan Fulton: I’m not making a projection for profitability for the year. We provide guidance one quarter out, but our goal in all of our businesses is to be producing products at a profitable level. We certainly have our challenges in this downturn. So I can't project for the year, but we are making changes that we need to make in order to operate in the conditions that we find ourselves in.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Fair enough. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Patty Bedient: Next question.
Operator: The next question will come from Steven Chercover with D. A. Davidson.
Steven Chercover – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of quick ones. First of all, with respect to Pearl 429, will sales prices and margins be similar to those of which left hold, can you give us a sense?
Tom Gideon: Again, what we anticipate is that margins there will be enhanced above the products that we currently have in the market place.
Steven Chercover – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Including fluff in that. Okay and then with respect to the REIT is it your opinion that it’s important to have a dividend that’s competitive with the peer group?
Dan Fulton: The board is carefully considering what the appropriate dividend level should be as we convert to a REIT that’s a significant focus for us this year. As Patty said, we have a shareholder growth that will occur at our meeting in April regarding the issuance of shares, and so, we are actively engaged in carefully considering what the appropriate dividend is going forward. And it’s really critical for us that we communicate that at the time that we announced the timing of conversion. So, we have got the April shareholder growth and we look forward to providing further guidance in May as we have our Investor Conference.
Steven Chercover – D. A. Davidson & Co.: And just as a follow on to that, if the EMP purge was done early well prior to the year end, would you have to start behaving as a REIT, by that I mean, paying the dividend that you assume is reasonable?
Patty Bedient: Steve, in terms of what we would do if we purged in 2010 and converted for the year of 2010, that means we would be operating as a REIT for the full year. In terms of the amount of the dividend, there are really two questions, one would be the amounts that we would need to distribute to our shareholders in order to not have to pay tax on that dividend. That dividend in terms of the level would likely be very low in 2010 given the amount of harvest deferral or qualifying timber income in this very depressed economic cycle. So I wouldn’t equate necessarily the two, there is amount that you would need to divest in terms to meet the – pass through tax rules and then there will be amount that the board will take – they will take that into consideration but then they’ll also look at just what would be the appropriate dividend level overall, so one minimum level driven by regulation, the other driven by dividend policy.
Steven Chercover – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Quinn of RBC.
Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thanks, just follow-up questions on the strength in building material markets. We are seeing a pretty strong lumber pricing rally right now, just wondering in term of, I guess the question is, are you seeing signs of improvement on the lumber demand or is this simply restocking?
Dan Fulton: Well, again as I mentioned earlier, it's again too early to tell. We certainly believe that there is some restocking and replenishment that’s going on. And we do see the downstream replenishment being on a more on a, I guess consistent basis in terms of how often that they do replenish, but in terms of whether that’s truly an indication of underlying demand is going to be stronger and the timing of that, it still is tricky for us to tell. But we certainly are enjoying the improved lumber in our realizations as we speak.
Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: You’ve taken a wait-and-see approach, I guess, on increasing production but for the industry as a whole, what’s your assessment of the ease of increasing production?
Larry Burrow: I really can speculate on what the industry as a whole is doing, but as I have indicated on prior calls, we actually are on a weekly basis evaluating market conditions against where we are and supplying product to the market. And so, we do try to make real-time decisions in terms of what’s appropriate, in terms of the supply that we bring forward.
Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, And then just lastly just on Chinese markets for logs and lumber, it has created some excitement up here in my province DC, just wondering whether you are seeing the same sort of level of pick up?
Dan Fulton: Well, we are certainly seeing on the log supply component there, Paul. But what we have actually seen over the last year, we have seen an increased takeaway of what would typically have been a domestic GC type quality of log going into the construction market in China. We do have takeaway of lumber into China primarily from our Canadian operations, but at this time the predominant amount of volumes that’s going here is basically lower-grade material. Now this is an area that has opportunity, but we’re obviously going to monitor it appropriately and if it materializes we are certainly going to participate appropriately.
Paul Quinn – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks guys. Best of Luck.
Kathy McAuley: We have time for one more question here.
Operator: Yes, Ma’am. Our final question will come from Joshua Zaret with Longbow Research.
Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research: Thank you. I have three quick questions. First, when you report on real estate earnings for the first quarter, are you going to treat the contribution, the 33 million contribution from the sale of the partnership increase as your current income or you’re going to treat that as unusual income? And the reason for that.
Patty Bedient: That will be a part of our regular segment mostly likely Josh, because we do have partnership interest that we are participating in as a part of the business, and it is not unusual for us to have sales of partnership interest, if you look back to the segment you will see those. But, when we do have them, we try to isolate those and give you information around them, so that you can separately evaluate our home-building business, our partnership investments, which are all part of the business of the real estate segment.
Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research: Okay, so you will include, I just want to make sure you are all on the same level, but one missing line. You reported fourth quarter real-estate earnings in the release as 21 million and in your handout as 11. Clearly that’s the loss on the land of lots sales. I would think that would be included in your income and use the 21 because it seems to be recurring but why do you have two different numbers, is there something that obviously should be one number? And which one should it be in your opinion, 21 or 11?
Patty Bedient: Well, again, land and lot sales are not an abnormal part of the business of our real-estate segments. We try to be very explicit in terms of giving you information about what the various pieces of the real-estate segment has to do. So land and lot sales marked as of $10 million although it's a little larger number than normally because as we talked about in fourth quarter, we moved the significant amount of lots to take advantage of some tax losses that were in those sales, and....
Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research: I don’t disagree with that, I would just hope you would be consistent on your material since it does create some confusion there. And then my last question, Tom, you talked about your timberland sale, can you sort of give us species age class, et cetera, so we can sort of get a feel for what you are selling?
Tom Gideon:
 :
Joshua Zaret – Longbow Research: Yes, it sounds like that, great. Those were my questions. Thank you very much.
Tom Gideon: Okay?
Kathy McAuley: Thank you. Dan?
Dan Fulton: I would like to make a couple of final wrap-up comments as we end the call. I would like to talk about our safety performance during 2009. Those of you on the phone will follow this know that operating safely is a core Weyerhaeuser value. We care about safety because of a concern for the wellbeing of our employees, because we believe there is a high correlation between safety performance, operating efficiency and product quality, because our safety record translates directly into lower operating and employment costs and because it’s simply the right thing to do. For those of you who have had the opportunity to visit our operations whether in the woods, at our plants and mills, our home building projects or even in our offices, you know that all of our employees are keenly focused on keeping everyone on all of our sites safe. As a result of this long-term commitment to improving safety across the company, we ended 2009 with an annual recordable incident rate of 0.62, which is the lowest in our history and the best in the industry. I am taking the time to share the good news in order to recognize the accomplishments of our employees but more importantly to make another point. Our success in safety management shows what's achievable if we are relentless in holding ourselves accountable to a clear objective. I'm committed to focusing that same levels of commitments across our entire company to deliver the financial results that our shareholders deserve. As I stated at the top of this call, our company has been operating in an extremely difficult economic environment since the precipitous downturn in the US housing began. And in order to weather this storm, our employees, our retirees, our operating communities and our shareholders have all made sacrifices. I want to thank all of you for your support during this difficult period, entering 2010 in a still uncertain and fragile environment, I'll state again that I'm confident that we will deliver improved financial performance. And I thank you all for taking the time to join us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn McAuley - VP, IR Dan Fulton - President and CEO Tom Gideon - EVP, Forest Products Larry Burrows - President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Patty Bedient - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Gail Glazerman - UBS Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Claudia Houston - JP Morgan Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Q3 '09 Earnings Conference Call on Friday, 30th of October 2009. (Operator Instructions). I'll now hand the conference over to Kathryn McAuley. Please go ahead, madam.
Kathryn McAuley: Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I am Kathy McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer, Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products; and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. This call is being webcast, at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported breakeven results for the third quarter on net sales of $1.4 billion. Significant after-tax items were a gain of $98 million or $0.46 per share on the sale of 140,000 acres of non-strategic timberland in Northwestern Oregon, a gain of $74 million or $0.35 per share for alternative fuel mixture credits, a charge of $62 million or $0.29 per share for corporate and wood products, asset impairment and restructuring charges, a charge of $33 million for $0.16 per share for real estate asset impairments and restructuring charges, a charge of $21 million or $0.10 per share for income tax adjustments. Excluding these items, the company reported a net loss of $56 million or $0.26 per share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart four in the earnings information package, as I will next discuss this waterfall chart. Chart four is a bar chart detailing the changes in contribution to earnings by segment from the second quarter to the third quarter of 2009. This is presented on the basis of contribution to earnings before special items, interest and taxes. Turning to chart four. Changes in Weyerhaeuser's segment earnings from the second quarter to third quarter were as follows. Beginning with the first bar on the left-hand side of the page, Weyerhaeuser lost $61 million in the second quarter of 2009. Proceeding from left to right across the waterfall chart, we begin with the discussion with timberlands. Timberlands earnings were $13 million lower in Q3. This decline was driven by significantly lower harvest volumes and fewer non-strategic land sales, excluding the 140,000 acre Oregon land sale. The wood products loss improved by $55 million in the third quarter. This improvement was driven by higher prices for softwood lumber and OSB, manufacturing cost improvements, as well as lower lot costs. Cellulose fibers earnings were $51 million higher due to less maintenance expense in the third quarter. Also pulp realizations rose and shipment volumes increased. The real estate loss widened by $11 million in Q3 due to lower average home prices. While total home closings increased from Q2, the mix of product in Q3 was generally at a lower price point, which decreased margins. Also, there was less earnings from land or lot sales in Q3. Corporate and other expense increased by $6 million in the third quarter due to foreign exchange, lower earnings from less wood shipping and marking some equity compensation to market. The final bar to the right of the page is the third quarter loss of $15 million before special items, interests and taxes. Please note chart one in the information package contains the actual second and third quarter contribution to earnings by segment and the total of special items, interests and expenses and taxes. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton.
Dan Fulton: As I begin my comments this morning, I'd like to first say that we're pleased this morning to report a quarter-over-quarter improvement. As a company with three of our four business segments linked closely to US housing starts however continue to operate in extremely challenging markets. Throughout the year we've begun to see signs of stabilization and even slight improvement in new housing construction activity. While we continue to be confident about market recovery, the pace of recovery is still uncertain and the market feels tentative and sometimes fragile as we move towards yearend. The reinvigorated economy will benefit all of our business segments, but we're not relying simply on market recovery in order to improve our financial performance. Once again, Tom Gideon and Larry Burrows join me on this call to discuss the quarterly performance of our forest products and real estate business. Our CFO, Patty Bedient, will provide our outlook for the balance of the year. Patty will also report on financial details and additional actions taken to improve our financial flexibility as we prepare for a recovery, while positioning ourselves for a continued period of uncertainty. Before I turn the call over to Tom, Larry and Patty, I'd like to discuss a few high level points that I'd like all of you to take away from this call. Across the company during the quarter we continued to make operational changes in order to adapt to market conditions. In our timberlands business, Tom will report on the sale of non-strategic land as well as increased harvest deferrals, actions to position our land portfolio for long-term value creation. In our wood products business, Tom will share continued actions to adjust our operating posture to better match demands. At the same time, we're making improvements across our wood products system to enhance cost competitiveness in any market condition. Tom will also discuss our cellulose fibers business where we continue to focus on improved performance of our operating facilities. At the same time we're taking steps for the future as evidenced by our announcement this morning of our intent to build a new converting facility in Gdansk, Poland. When completed, this new facility will process cellulose fibers from one of our Southern US mills for use in hygiene products produced by Procter & Gamble. This provides us an opportunity to grow with one of our key customers in international markets. Turning to real estate business, Larry will provide an update of our previously announced plans to sell non-strategic lots where we can capture significant tax benefits, thereby repositioning our land for the future while generating near-term cash to further increase our financial flexibility. In addition to these changes in our operating businesses, we continue making long-term improvements in our cost structure, significantly reducing SG&A, adjusting headcount across the company and making long-term structural changes in overall employment costs. During the quarter, we also continued to take steps to improve our financial position to assure our ability to deal with uncertain market recovery as well as to maintain future financial flexibility. With all of this progress, we are in a better position today than we were at this time last year. These are not one-time efforts intended to get us through this market. These are deep and lasting changes designed to help us emerge a fundamentally different company, positioned to be much more competitive. Before turning the call over to our team, I wanted to make one final comment about one other major influence in our current and future performance that we don't talk about very much, and that is public policy. During the past year we've seen the effect of the alternative fuel blending tax credit on our cellulose fibers business. Homebuyer tax credits both at the federal level and in the State of California have in some measure affected our real estate results. As we look ahead, there is some potential effect related to extension and possible expansion of homebuyer tax credits, of a new cellulosic biofuels producer tax credit and potential payments related to the USDA's new Biomass Crop Assistance Program or BCAP. Longer term, we believe the Climate and Energy Bill under debate in Congress could significant affect how we manage and operate our extensive timberland holdings. We're convinced of the inherent value that our sustainably managed timberlands hold as part of longer term solutions to climate change and the development of new sources of renewable energy. A mix of economics, science and politics will determine long-term management of these resources. In addition to our focus on continuing improvement in operations, cost control and financial position, we're also engaged in monitoring these public policy discussions and influencing them where we can make a difference. By executing in all fronts, we will continue to position ourselves to maximize shareholder value for all of our assets. Now for the details, I'll turn the call over to Tom Gideon, our Executive Vice President for Forest Products. Tom?
Tom Gideon: This morning I'll start by discussing the third quarter market performance of our timberlands business followed by wood products. These are two business segments closely tied to the US housing market. I will close with cellulose fibers. During my discussion of each business, I'll also cover the steps we're taking in respond to market conditions and the benefits we're seeing from those actions. In timberlands, the primary driver of our third quarter performance was the sale of 140,000 acres of timberlands on the North coast of Oregon. This acreage was heavily damaged by the 2007 windstorms and it was not well suited to Douglas-fir, the primary species we grow in the Pacific Northwest. Focusing on Douglas-fir improves the efficiency of our operation and helps us deliver better value to both customers and shareholders. As we evaluated this land, we saw an opportunity to adjust our portfolio to better meet our criteria for productivity, growing conditions and species mix. This sale produced $163 million pre-tax gain for the business. During the quarter, domestic and export realizations in the West strengthened somewhat due to lower availability. Export volumes were relative unchanged compared to the second quarter and year-to-date are only 13% below 2008, which includes significant sales of salvage whitewood. In the South, prices for grade logs dropped from the second quarter, reflecting lower mill demand. However, demand for fiber logs remains strong, resulting in a slight improvement in prices. In view of continued depressed grade log values, we increased our harvest deferrals. Harvest levels were reduced 12% from the prior quarter, and compared to the third quarter of last year, we have reduced our harvest by 34% or nearly 2 million cubic meters. Regarding minerals, we elected to monetize royalty payments from some producing properties in the South, which were well developed and where we had a firm understanding of their potential value stream. These sales generated an additional $6 million in revenue during the quarter. We still own the underlying mineral rights and the land associated with these sales. In wood products, sales were down 42% from the same quarter last year. Due to the steps we've taken, however, the performance of our wood products business improved from the second quarter, resulting in a lower operating loss and improved cash flow performance. Compared with the second quarter, our cash usage improved $20 million and for the quarter we were just over $10 million negative. Prices were a factor in this improvement, as we saw stronger prices for softwood and hardwood lumber, as well as oriented strand board. Sales volumes for those product lines, however, decreased from second quarter levels. Engineered lumber products experienced an increase in sales volumes compared to second quarter levels. Also contributing to our improved performance was reduced manufacturing costs, resulting from lower log costs and improved operating efficiencies, as well as actions we took to match our supply to orders. We took 53 weeks of downtime across our lumber system in the quarter in addition to reducing operating hours at a number of our facilities. Any discussion of our improvement has to include giving credit to our teams' effort to significantly reduce SG&A costs. This hasn't been an easy task for any of us, but the work is producing bottom-line results. SG&A costs for the third quarter of 2009 were $28 million less than for the same quarter last year. On a year-to-date basis, we've slashed SG&A costs by $85 million. The long-term result is a more competitive and productive segment that is positioned to provide strong returns when the market recovers. That being said, we know we're not out of the woods yet as we're about to enter our seasonally slowest quarter. Managing through the current market challenges will require continual vigilance to managing costs, improving efficiency and aggressively marketing our products. We are committed to continuing to improve our financial performance. I'll end my portion of today's call by discussing cellulose fibers where quarterly results from operations improved approximately $50 million from the second quarter. Approximately $43 million of this improvement came from lower maintenance costs and higher productivity due to fewer maintenance outages. As you'll recall, last quarter we had our annual outages in Grande Prairie, Alberta and Fort Woodworth, Georgia. In addition we had a major recovery in boiler rebuild in Columbus, Mississippi which was completed on July 15. Without these outages we were able to produce 61,000 more tons during the quarter. Our higher operating rate also means we will qualify for approximately $15 million in additional alternative fuel tax credits compared with the second quarter. Higher average price realizations and volumes also contributed to the stronger performance for the business. Compared with the second quarter, pulp sales volumes increased nearly 14% and price realizations improved slightly. Favorable costs for fiber and chemicals contributed to the remaining improvement and the performance of our cellulose fibers business. I will now turn the call over to Larry Burrows who will discuss our real estate business.
Larry Burrows: High unemployment and fragile consumer confidence are contributing to the tenuous nature of the housing recovery. Market uncertainty was apparent during the third quarter as WRECO's traffic and sales declined from second quarter levels despite near record levels of affordability. Many markets are caught in a state of transition as positive trends in housing inventories, home sales and pricing are counterbalanced by increasing foreclosures and mortgage delinquencies. The positive momentum that developed in the second quarter began to erode late in the third quarter. We felt these effects in all our markets, Houston, the Puget Sound, San Diego and Washington, D.C. have held up better, while Las Vegas, the Inland Empire and Phoenix have slowed more. These trends are reflected in the key indicators table on chart nine. Comparing the third quarter of 2009 to 2008, traffic decreased 50%. Closings declined by 30%, reflecting the adverse sales environment early this year. However, third quarter home sales increased 12% compared to a year ago and our cancellation rate improved by 14 percentage points. Our backlog of homes sold but not closed stands at 997 units. Our financial results reflect the housing market's continuing struggles as WRECO recorded a loss in the third quarter. Included in our $64 million charge to pre-tax earnings are $55 million in one-time charges. These charges include $13 million for restructuring, $40 million for impairments, primarily in our California, Nevada and Washington, D.C. markets, and $2 million for terminating options to acquire land. Excluding these charges, WRECO lost $9 million on third quarter operations. As we ended the third quarter, and thus far in the fourth quarter, the underlying fundamentals of the housing market remain uncertain. Though national inventories of new and existing homes declined substantially in the third quarter, the number of seriously delinquent loans is on the rise. Foreclosures, which have continued at a steady pace in virtually all of our markets, are starting to occur at higher price points. We continued to experience disconnects between contracted sales prices and appraised values, particularly in Las Vegas, Phoenix and the Inland Empire. Also lack of clarity regarding an extension or expansion of the Federal housing tax credit is keeping some customers on the sidelines. WRECO continues to relentlessly pursue its primary goals of generating and conserving cash. We've made significant adjustments to our staffing and to our land spending and have substantially reduced unsold inventory. As previously discussed, we are divesting approximately 4,000 non-strategic lot positions in Arizona, California and Nevada. Year-to-date, we have closed over 50% of these lots and we are on track to meet our goal of closing 4,000 lots by yearend. Though our financial performance is not yet where it needs to be, the steps we have taken and continue to take, combined with the eventual stabilization in our markets, will allow WRECO to reemerge as a highly competitive profitable homebuilding operation that will deliver significant shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the fourth quarter.
Patty Bedient: While we reported significantly improved results in the third quarter, the traditional seasonal downturn, coupled with the continued uncertain nature of the housing recovery, will put significant pressure on fourth quarter results. I'll start the outlook with timberlands. In the West, export sales volume is expected to be comparable to the third quarter with a small increase in sales realization. Domestic sales realizations are also expected to increase, although volumes will be down. We anticipate that the harvest in the West will be down almost 20% compared to the third quarter and we expect that inventory levels will also decrease. In the South, log sales volumes will likely be down with stable sales realizations compared to the third quarter. The harvest is also expected to be lower. We anticipate higher logging costs and seasonally higher silvicultural costs in both the West and South. Mineral income should also be down in the fourth quarter as we do not expect a similar sale of mineral royalties as occurred in the third quarter. In addition, we don't anticipate any significant sales of non-strategic timberlands in the fourth quarter. Overall earnings in our timberlands segment is expected to decrease in the fourth quarter compared to the third. In wood products, we expect sales realizations and volumes to decrease seasonally as the fourth quarter is traditionally the slowest quarter of the year. The largest volume decreases are likely to be in engineered wood products, although lumber volumes are expected to be down around 10% compared to the third quarter. We will continue to match supply with demand and anticipate that significant curtailments will continue, especially as we enter the holiday season. Although we will maintain our focus on reducing costs wherever possible, manufacturing unit costs are expected to rise as a result of lower production volumes. Given the fourth quarter slowdown, we expect the loss in wood products to be greater than that of the third quarter. In cellulose fibers, continued strong demand in the global pulp markets is expected to increase sales realizations in the fourth quarter. The largest cost variation quarter-to-quarter is expected to be in maintenance downtime. We anticipate our New Bern, North Carolina mill will be down approximately 30 days, and this shutdown should be completed by the middle of November. In addition to performing annual maintenance, this planned outage will enable completion of a capital project to rebuild the recovery boiler to increase its throughput, allowing for the shutdown of the existing, less efficient gasifier. This project should reduce the mill's dependence on fossil fuels and also increase its reliability. We are also likely to experience increased fiber costs and somewhat lower chemical costs in the fourth quarter. Overall, the increased costs, including the effect of maintenance downtime, are anticipated to offset the effect of improving sales prices. As a result, we expect that total operating earnings for our cellulose fiber segment in the fourth quarter will be comparable to the third quarter, excluding tax credits. We anticipate a slightly lower amount of (inaudible) credit in the fourth quarter compared to the third. Moving on to our real estate segment. Unlike our wood products business, the fourth quarter is seasonally our strongest quarter for closings in our single family home building business. We expect that closings will increase significantly in the fourth quarter compared to the third, with total closings in excess of 700. This compares to just over 500 in the third quarter. As a result, we expect that our single family homebuilding operations will be about breakeven compared to the third quarter loss of $9 million. This does not include the effect of land sales in the fourth quarter. As we have previously reported, we are focused on optimizing the amount of our potential tax refund from the carry-back of our current year net operating loss. As Larry just discussed, we are currently considering a number of land sales in the fourth quarter. For economic to do so, our focus is to accelerate transactions that generate tax losses into the fourth quarter and defer those that generate gains to next year. Given the preliminary status of the transactions, we don't have an estimate at this time of any potential earnings impact that might result. Now I'd like to update you on a few other financial items. Through the end of the third quarter, total capital expenditures year-to-date for Weyerhaeuser Company were approximately $152 million. We expect our full year expenditures to be around $200 million, as we have previously reported. At the end of the third quarter, we had cash of $1.6 billion. During the third quarter, significant sources of cash included approximately $300 million from the sale of 140,000 acres of non-strategic timberland, as well as around $100 million from alternative fuel tax credits. We also retired just over $400 million in debt in the third quarter and the third quarter is also the quarter that we make our semiannual interest payments. So cash for interest pavements was higher than is otherwise normal. Also during the third quarter, at our request, our banks agreed to amend our two existing bank credit lines. We reduced the amount of credit available under one line, which was to expire in March of 2010, from $1.2 billion to $400 million. We have maintained our other credit line at $1 billion and it does not expire until the end of 2011. In addition, our minimum net worth covenant as defined under the agreement was adjusted to $3 billion, down from $3.75 billion. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we issued 500 million of senior unsecured bonds at a 7-3/8 coupon. These are 10-year maturities and proceeds are for general corporate purposes, which include working capital, capital expenditures and refinancing or repayment of existing indebtedness. Our scheduled debt maturities for the fourth quarter are only about $37 million. Although the timing of the economic recovery is uncertain, we have ample liquidity to meet our needs. With that, I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Dan Fulton: Having provided an overview in each one of our businesses and also the financial overview that Patty has just been through, I'd like to now turn the call over to questions.
Kathryn McAuley: Would you please open the floor to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Gail Glazerman from UBS Financial.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Dan, just digging into some of the government policy a little bit more, I guess there was some news out yesterday that the cap will be restricted to biomass and residuals. I'm just wondering is there any sort of quantification that you could give us in terms of how many tons of residuals you may have that you would be able to qualify as use of biomass increases?
Dan Fulton: I can't give you a number at this point. As you correctly point out, there is a lot of uncertainty surrounding this program. It's being administered by the USDA. There's questions around what would qualify. There's significant questions about whether it would be eligible if you were to transfer from, let's say, our own timberlands into one of our own facilities. At this point, I would rather not speculate. I can tell you that we are watching this very closely and are prepared to take advantage of it should the opportunity arise.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: I'm also just looking for a little bit more color on the pulp markets and perhaps the decision to expand and to converting in Europe. What type of demand conditions are you seeing and can you give any sense about the price increases you've announced, kind of what you think you have forming over the next few months to realize?
Tom Gideon: I think you mentioned Poland, what we'd like to say about that is that we view this as a very exciting opportunity to expand our long-term relationship with Procter & Gamble. We are building a converting facility in Poland that will apply proprietary technologies to the fiber that P&G will use in their hygiene products and it will allow us to convert closer to the end customer and participate in future international growth. So, that is a logical extension of our strategy to continue to grow with our long-term customers.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Current demand both for fluff and what you are seeing for more commoditized pulp and in terms of fluff kind of where you stand in terms of price increases and realized pricing?
Tom Gideon: As you know, we've made some price announcements earlier this month regarding prices, both for paper grade as well as for fluff. As you know, we remain of the view that fluff market is very attractive for us going forward. It's a market that's growing at 4% a year, roughly 150,000 to 160,000 tons per year. We are well positioned to do well in that market with our mills in preferred locations in terms of wood baskets, as well as being able to supply both domestic as well as a wide array of international markets. They are highly competitive in both cost and efficiency. Along with that, we have a direct sales relationship with our major customers who see an experienced continued growth and who want us to grow with them. So, putting all of those things together, we continue to think that absorbance is going to be an attractive market space for us and we believe we'll continue to do well and participate in that market.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Just taking into more current demand, do you think it's being driven by actual consumption? Are you concerned about inventory builds at the customer level?
Tom Gideon: As you look at that you and you have a great observation from an industry perspective as well, obviously, over the last few months we've seen significant increase in demand from China. That seems to have moderated. I think what we really need to do is to take and evaluate the difference between how much is demand driven going forward and how much is due to supply constraints?
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Connelly from Sterne Agee.
Mark Connelly - Sterne Agee: Two things. You said out in your New York meeting some new value propositions in your housing, better price points that would help optimize your profitability. I wonder if you could give us a sense of how well that is working and how much you are still playing around with it? Secondly, we've been hearing paper companies talk about higher fiber cost given the wet weather. How much of the increase you saw in lumber prices would you ascribe to weather conditions, if any?
Larry Burrows: As we talked about, all of our businesses have been looking for ways and have been successful in ways in reducing kind of our hardened construction costs in terms of costs of goods sold. Regardless of whether it's a first time homebuyer or even a move-up customer, what we know is customers today are wanting more for less and that homes are probably a little bit smaller and less expensive. We've had good success really across all of our businesses in being able to achieve that and continue to kind of reposition communities and also introduce and reproduce precision product and have a little bit less expensive product.
Tom Gideon: With respect to weather impacts, we have gained significant rainfall as you know across the south. It's has had an impact and curtailed the logging and silvicultural activities and has produced some downtime at some of our facilities. Weather is very difficult to predict, but based on what we know today and the position that we have, we believe that we can keep our facilities wooded for the remainder of the year. Due to the lower availability, it has increased prices somewhat for fiber and it will have an increased impact in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub from Buckingham Research.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: First question was just were you cash flow positive from operations in the third quarter beyond your CapEx needs and dividend needs?
Patty Bedient: If you look at the analyst package, you'll see that our cash flow from operations was $34 million, our CapEx for the quarter was roughly around $50 million, I believe. 
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: That's great. I didn't realize there was that $34 million number out there.
Patty Bedient: We will be filing the Q next week and you'll get the full cash flow, but there are some selected items in the cash flow. The one that's not in the cash flow is interest. We did have some, as I mentioned in my comments, additional interest payments in the third quarter because we'd pay semiannually on some of our interest payments in the third quarter and the first quarter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: When you were talking about potential land sales from the real estate business, you talked in the past about monetizing lands, which you had written down last year. It sounded like there were some other or additional possibilities that you were considering. Is that an accurate read?
Larry Burrows: I don't think that necessarily is the case. I think when we talked about it, when we had our strategy shift and we talked about it in the fourth quarter of last year, I think we identified approximately 4,000 lots that we were looking to take to market. That's kind of what we're doing. We always continue to look and evaluate our land portfolio and we'll continue to make adjustments in terms of rebalancing it as we see opportunities to do so.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Patty, you had mentioned ample liquidity to meet your needs. Does that statement cover the E&P distribution if you were to choose to go that route in the year ahead?
Patty Bedient: As we have said, we want to maintain flexibility for consideration of conversion if the Board were to make the decision to do that. There is, as you know, questions around exactly how much that E&P distribution might be. So, we are looking at all of those and taking all of those things into consideration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier from Barclays Capital.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: I was hoping as a follow-up to the previous question about flexibility on the cash, as you consider as one possible opportunity, reconversion, I'm curious if you can share with us from a timing standpoint you've shared with us at '09 for a lot of reasons doesn't make sense. As you approach the Board, can you share with us reasons why it would make sense to have discussions earlier in '10 versus waiting as long as you can in '10 to assess what you think the right outcome is?
Dan Fulton: I don't want to get ahead of our Board on this one. This is an issue. As you say, we've made comments in the past about 2009 not being value creating. Listening to Larry this morning, you get a sense of we're taking land to market, we're taking advantage of our tax position this year, and for the reasons that we shared before, 2009 is unlikely. We're maintaining flexibility with respect to 2010. We can continue to monitor any potential changes in operating conditions, as well as tax law. So, I can't prejudge at this point timing of any kind of a decision with respect to 2010. We need to discuss it with the Board and we're maintaining the flexibility. The actions that we're taking in 2009 put us in a position to maintain that flexibility into 2010, both with respect to our operations as well as our financial position.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: For 2009, I believe you indicated that the harvest in the quarter was down about 35% year-over-year. I'm curious if you can share with us for full year is that about right? How does the harvest for '09 compare to your sustainable cut? Related to this, do you have a preliminary outlook for '10 as to whether it would be up?
Dan Fulton: As you know, we don't give guidance beyond the quarter that we're talking about. In terms of our harvest deferrals in total, our biological ability to harvest would be slightly higher than what we're doing today, but of course we're taking a look at what makes economic sense both now and in the long-term in terms of what's the best return. We will see continued harvest deferrals as Patty had mentioned, and I would just say that we will be at about the numbers that you referenced in your remarks.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Tom, I was hoping that you could help us to provide some color in the Pacific Northwest, some of the trade publications have shown a pretty steady climb, month after month after month on log prices. I'm curious if you could just help us to understand some of the moving parts, whether it's the impact of the Canadian dollar or diesel fuel and BC and the impact its having or whether it's an export issue or domestic demand, what are some of the drivers that you are seeing in the Pacific Northwest today?
Tom Gideon: The best way I would say that is we have seen some firming of log realizations in the West. It's a combination of lower supply. For us, of course, it's a continuation of good export takeaway. So it's really just a combination of what's available against the demand that's is out there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from Claudia Houston from JPMorgan.
Claudia Houston - JP Morgan: I just really had a quick question on the corporate expense, I wondered what sort of base should we be using and then how should we think about the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange on your share price and is there anything else that sort of cause the volatility lately?
Patty Bedient: If you look at page four of the statistical information that we presented, you'll see some additional color on the corporate and other segments that's included there. As you think about the impact of foreign exchange, we pull that out and isolate it for you because, as you noted, it does tend to fluctuate and this is where that gets booked. In the quarter, the impact of foreign exchange was about $17 million positive. That compares to positive in the second quarter of $21 million. So, a pretty big impact in that segment. The other thing that runs through there in addition to just ongoing corporate expense is the impact of our pension and other post retirement benefits, which have been running credits as we amortize over in accordance with accounting rules. It's non-cash, but you'll see that isolated separately on that same page. If you think about just ongoing corporate expense, the way to think about the expense is about $25 million to $30 million a quarter, give or take. It's difficult to see that as you look at the package unless you look at the detail because corporate segment is where all of those other items get included. In addition for this quarter, we also have the large restructuring charge that we have pulled out as a separate item for some asset impairments in the corporate region, as well as the impact of the pension settlement charge, which was also non-cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde from Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: I wondered if you can give us a little more color in the wood segment on the benefit from lower log prices there.
Dan Fulton: Mark, during the quarter overall log benefit was roughly about $9 million favorable. Of course, if you look in what we did, that was about a third of what we generate in terms of improved manufacturing costs.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: I just wonder also in this business, it looks to me from the numbers that I've run that your unit losses in the lumber business are larger than average in the industry, yet in my experience you've got very well invested assets. So what do you think the issue is here?
Tom Gideon: I will just tell you, as we look at our business, we do think that we are very competitive, that we run well, we look at all attributes of our cost, including not only at what we do from a gross margin point of view in terms of operations, but also in terms of what is our SG&A that's associated with that. As Dan has mentioned on a number of occasions, we're diligently working at all of those costs, not just manufacturing, but also the SG&A costs that are attributable to the business, so we continue to go forward. We also have some ongoing costs that are related to the fact that we have some indefinite curtailed facilities and that has an impact each quarter as well.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Tom, in the international timberlands you're still running just a small loss there, I wondered do you have any idea when international timberlands will start to be a positive? Also, I think most of those timberlands are in Uruguay, which has become a which has become a much more popular location for the industry over the last few years. I wonder if this increases your options for what you can do down in Uruguay.
Tom Gideon: When you look at international timberlands from an operational point of view, we're actually doing better in terms of being cash and on this positive, but we're also in the process of completing the build out of our second line at Los Piques and that ends up to being some of the cash negative that you see. We do see some improved pricing and we think it will come from European panels going forward in the fourth quarter. Overall, we expect to see some improvement as we go forward through the year.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Finally, I noticed that your R&D spending was down quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and I wondered whether you had done some downsizing there whether there was something else in the numbers.
Tom Gideon: As you know, we already have looked at every facet of our cost structure going forward trying to make sure that we're focused on those items that we get the best return from, and yes, just like other areas of our company, we have taken some staffing reductions in the technology organization. We will continue to look at that and monitor that. At the same time, we believe we've maintained our fundamental core competencies and ability to take advantage of our technology expertise as markets recover.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Skidmore from Goldman Sachs.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to follow-up on the wood products business. You had talked about trying to get to free cash flow to breakeven in that business by yearend, if I recall correctly. Could you talk about what additional steps you can take in the wood business to narrow the cash burn? You've made pretty good progress there, but any additional steps you can take so that you see?
Tom Gideon: You are right. We have made significant progress, despite sales being down 42% year-over-year, realizations being lower than they were in 2008. We've continued to significantly reduce both cash usage as well as improve our operating earnings. The real focus is going to be continually on better executing our business fundamentals. As I mentioned during our Analyst Meeting in New York in May, we continue to have our weekly Friday meetings with our entire lead team. We continually assess at each one of those sessions our market conditions and trends. We evaluate whether each mill is cash positive and contributing to fixed costs. We examine all opportunities to improve margins and reduce all costs, whether it is SG&A, manufacturing or working capital, and then we then initiate real-time adjustments considering what needs to be done. So we're basically continuing to execute appropriately against what the market conditions are.  I would say as an example of that process, we mentioned that we made decisions to take out 53 weeks of lumber downtime in Q3. What that translated to is that 18 out of 21 of our sawmills experienced at least one week of downtime, but yet two of them were done for six weeks. So we used this weekly process to, as they say, make real-time adjustments to what market conditions are and continually try to do what we can to reduce our cast usage. Quite frankly, we don't want to be just cash positive as soon as we can, we want to get into their earnings positive realm as well.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: As you think about the, back to trend in housing, in your discussions with Larry, has there been any change with regards to how you think about the run rate long term normalized housing level given both the depth of the downturn and the pickup in foreclosures and any other factors that might impact housing such that you need to maybe reassess the footprint again?
Dan Fulton: Our view of long-term trend numbers for housing total starts are really consistent with numbers generated by the Harvard Joint Center of Housing. So we would be looking at 1.7 million to 1.9 million per year. That's a trend number. It's going to take us a while to get back to that point. The recovery has been slow. As Larry shared, even in the past quarter we saw the market becoming more tentative. So, we believe we've got a footprint in our wood products facilities that serve that recovering demand, the footprint of our homebuilding business is such that we'll be able to ramp-up to meet that demand, but we are managing our operating posture today based upon the level of starts that we have and then we will respond and move up accordingly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon from Credit Suisse.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Could you just talk to us about how much of the timberland that you are harvesting this year is going towards your own converting facilities and how that might compare to like earlier in the decade?
Tom Gideon: It's kind of changed given the portfolio changes. As you know, we used to have a significant amount of our fiber that was going into our containerboard facilities, and of course those are now going into IP. I would say that for this year we've actually seen a slight movement quarter-over-quarter into more third party volumes, and again all of them are down because we've done harvest deferrals. Again, the relative strength of the export market has actually increased our third party sales compared to Q2.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: I was thinking more just in terms of the wood products plants. Is it fair to say that half your harvest used to go into your wood products plants and maybe because of the weak market it might be a greater proportion because you are deferring this year say versus years past?
Tom Gideon: I'd have to take a look at that. I think we've been fairly constant in terms of the amount of fee versus non-fee on average over the last four to five years. Some periods it can go up more or less. On average, I think we've maintained a fairly representative cross section of fee where it made sense and outside purchase where it was the best value opportunity for us.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Patty, could you just confirm for us, I know the E&P, if it is made next year, it's based on the beginning of the year level. I'm not asking you to predict the fourth quarter, but if we froze the third quarter, where would that be? Would it still be about a [$2 billion and $6 billion] in terms of the cash and the total? Then if you could review for us what your ability is to sort of carry-back losses? I believe that you would only be able to continue carry-backs once you are a REIT in the TRS. Is that all correct?
Patty Bedient: What we have said is, as we came into 2009, our total E&P was just under $6.5 billion. What we've said about the end of 2009, or the beginning of 2010, is that we would expect it to be under $6 billion. As we said, that will depend on a number of factors in terms of what we do in the fourth quarter and a number of other alternatives. So that's the total amount of E&P. Now we have also said that a significant amount of that E&P can be distributed in the form of stock. Others, as they have converted, have used 20% cash and 80% stock. And so that's where we get to the over $1 billion number. So it's a computation of the E&P that is made as of the beginning of the year in which you convert. You have until the end of the year to make the actual distribution.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: In terms of your ability to access your tax loss carry-backs?
Patty Bedient: In 2009, as we've said that it's very unlikely we would do a conversion in 2009 and I would underscore "very unlikely''", because the ability that we have to take our net operating loss back against 2008 where we have the very significant containerboard packaging gain from the sale of that business. If we were to convert in 2009, then we would have to take that loss forward. So you are correct in terms of the NOL upon a REIT conversion would have to be carried forward, not carried back.
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: What do you see capital spending next year at?
Patty Bedient: We have not given guidance for capital spending for 2010. We will do that on our yearend call. Having said that though, given the uncertain nature of the recovery, we will be very disciplined about capital expenditures going forward.
Operator: There appear to be no questions at this time. Please continue with any further remarks you wish to raise.
Dan Fulton: I'll wrap up the call. As I started the call, I made the comment that we've got three of our four business segments that are closely linked to US housing starts. Though we believe that housing recovery is underway, it's pace is, what I would characterize as highly uncertain. So we're positioning ourselves for the recovery, but we're taking steps today to manage through this timeframe. We're focused, as I mentioned earlier, on continuing to drive down our SG&A costs as a function of headcount. It's also a function of employment costs, including not only current compensation, but we've made a number of adjustments for benefits and post-retirement benefits. In our businesses, as you look forward to the next quarter, our theme would be in timberlands. We're deferring harvest at a relatively high level in response to demand conditions. The good news is our export volumes are steady. In our wood products business, our operating posture is to match production with profitable demand. In our cellulose fibers business our operating posture is to meet continued strong demand, though in the fourth quarter we have our outage at New Bern to deal with, and then in WRECO our focus for the next quarter is an elevated level of closings, which is consistent with this time of year, and then completion of the land sales in order to take advantage of our tax position. As I commented, we're closely monitoring a number of public policy issues. There is the homebuyer tax credit, which has a direct impact on WRECO and an indirect impact on our wood products business. The alternative fuel blending tax credit has a direct impact on our cellulose fibers business, as does this potential cellulose biofuel tax credit. We talked about the BCAP allowances earlier. That would have an impact on our timberlands business and likely our wood products business. Finally the climate bill, that's being debated in Congress, has the potential to have a significant impact on our timberlands activities. So that's our focus. We appreciate your attention this morning, all the questions, and as always, we know that you've got opportunities to follow up with Kathy. I thank you for your attendance and attention. Thanks very much.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn McAuley – VP, IR Dan Fulton – President and CEO Tom Gideon – EVP, Forest Products Larry Burrows – President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Patty Bedient – EVP and CFO
Analysts: George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee Gail Glazerman – UBS Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator instructions) This conference is being recorded Friday, July 31st of 2009. And I would now turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Kathryn McAuley: Thank you, Sharnay. Good morning. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I’m Kathy McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products; and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release material for this call can be found at our website or by contacting April Meier at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported a net loss for the second quarter of $106 million or $0.50 per share, on net sales of $1.4 billion. The loss includes the following after-tax gains and charges. A gain of $72 million or $0.34 per share for alternative fuel mixture credit, we began mixing at our five US mills in early April; a charge of $36 million or $0.17 per share for real estate impairment and pre-acquisition write-off; a charge of $30 million or $0.14 per share for corporate restructuring and asset impairment; a charge of $14 million or $0.07 per share for closures, restructuring and asset impairment primarily in Wood Products; a gain of $14 million or $0.07 per share on litigation and insurance settlements; a gain of $13 million or $0.06 per share on the sale of a closed box plant we retained from International Paper containerboard sale. Excluding these items, the company had a net loss of $125 million or $0.59 per share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart four in the earnings information package, as I will next discuss this waterfall chart. Chart four is the bar chart detailing the changes in contribution to earnings by segment from the first quarter to the second quarter of 2009. This is presented on the basis of contribution to earnings before special interests and taxes. Changes in Weyerhaeuser’s segment earnings from the first quarter to the second quarter were as follows. Beginning with the first bar on the left hand side of the page, Weyerhaeuser lost $142 million in first quarter 2009. Proceeding from left to right across the waterfall chart, we begin the discussion with Timberland. Timberland earnings were $31 million higher in Q2. This improvement was driven by more non-strategic land sale, lower harvesting cost and higher volume. Lower log prices partially offset this improvement. The Wood Products loss improved $29 million in the second quarter. This improvement was driven by lower SG&A, lower manufacturing and lower raw material costs, as well as some model improvement in volume. Cellulose Fibers earnings were $39 million lower in Q2, resulting in a loss for the segment. This was attributable to extended maintenance at two facility and lower prices. Average pulp prices declined $45 from the first quarter. The Real Estate loss improved by $26 million in Q2. A favorable mix of business, land and lot sales, lower SG&A, and higher volume drove the improvement. Corporate and other expenses were $34 million lower than in the first quarter. This improvement was primarily attributable to foreign exchange gains and pension and post retirement credit. The final bar to the right of the page is second quarter loss of $61 million before special items. Please note chart one in the information package contains actual Q1 and Q2 contributions to earnings by segment and the total special items, interests, expenses and taxes. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Dan Fulton: Thanks, Kathy. In our earnings release this morning, I noted that we’ve seen signs of improvement in the housing market, but I also cautioned that it’s too early to declare victory. Despite the encourage headlines about June new home sales and the turnaround in the Case-Shiller Home Price Index, there are indications that the housing market will undergo some minor downturns on its way to recovery. This means that our Timberlands, Wood Products and Real State businesses continued to operate in very uncertain market conditions, as we noted when we announced our dividend action earlier this month. Later in this morning’s call Larry Burrows will share the hopeful signs we’ve seen in our real estate markets and some of the items tampering our outlook. As Larry goes through his explanation, it’s important to remember that we have multiple lines of business and the timing of improvement will be differential. When homebuilding starts to improve, it will first benefit our Real Estate business, then Wood Products, and finally Timberlands. We welcome the positive signs we saw this week and we know that stronger markets lie ahead. Our future success lies in making lasting changes to our cost structure, work that has our full attention and commitment. Since second quarter last year, we’ve achieved a 34% reduction in SG&A after adjusting for the sale of our Containerboard Packaging business. This equates to approximately $450 million in annual savings. As both Tom Gideon and Larry will describe in a moment, we’ve achieved additional savings through operational improvements. These steps address the challenges of the current market and create a more competitive cost structure that will provide significant long-term benefits in more robust market conditions. To provide more detail on the state of our current markets and the operational adjustments that we’re making, I’d like to turn the call over to our business leaders. We will start this morning with Tom Gideon, who will provide details on our Forest Products segment.
Tom Gideon: Thanks, Dan. Second quarter market conditions continued to be challenging. While we saw some indications of market stabilization, the rate of recovery is uncertain. We continue to focus our efforts on reducing costs and improving our performance. Starting with Timberlands, referenced on chart five, second quarter earnings were favorably affected by non-strategic land sales and seasonally higher harvest levels. While the continued market slump with downward pressure on both domestic and export realizations, these declines were partially offset by lower operating and SG&A costs. Although harvest levels did increase seasonally, overall harvest levels are down 30% compared with the second quarter of 2008. We expect harvest levels to decline further in the third quarter. I should point out that the decline in our harvest levels varies by region. In the West, log prices are depressed because of the collapse of the California housing market. We’ve reduced harvest levels by 35% compared with second quarter last year while we neared completion of the final (inaudible) of stands damaged by the December 2007 storm. We also had higher export log sales during the quarter due to our close ties with Asian customers and our determined marketing efforts. Our key Japanese customers improved their market share despite lower post and beam housing starts. In addition, we have seen renewed demand for domestic quality Douglas-fir in China. We have leveraged this opportunity to sell these logs at margins higher than we would have received from domestic customers. This is a prime example of the work we do to maximize the value from our logs. In the South, harvest volumes were 23% lower when compared to second quarter of 2008. Most of this long reduction is in grade logs and we anticipate additional grade log deferrals in the third quarter. We are continuing our early thinning [ph] program to improve stand values and servicing fiber log customers. Moving to Wood Products, please refer to charts six and seven. We continue to adjust the levers that we can influence; balancing our production against demand, controlling our costs, maintaining our pricing discipline, and taking appropriate actions to improve our cash performance. Today, we are running about half of the facilities that we were at peak market conditions and have reduced staffing by a comparable amount over the same timeframe. I should point out that more than 1,900 of those positions were eliminated this year alone. In the process, we are also making some fundamental changes to how we operate Wood Products that we will carry in the stronger markets. This includes lowering product inventories by $68 million in the second quarter alone as we have effectively balanced production against demand and applied lean manufacturing principles to lower inventory levels in our replenishment system. While we are still not satisfied with our results, we are making progress even in due of revenues being down 46% and lumber realizations off by $58 a 1,000 compared to second quarter of last year. We continue to rescale our business and reduced all of our costs. Earlier this month, we announced the permanent closure of our Taylor, Louisiana sawmill, our 16th sawmill closure since 2006. Given our losses in lumber, we will take significant further curtailments across our lumber system in the third quarter. We also initiated further staffing reductions in mid-June, which will eliminate another 300 positions by the end of the quarter. Turning now to Cellulose Fibers on chart eight, second quarter earnings were negatively affected by an extensive boiler repair at a Columbus, Mississippi operation and annual maintenance outages at two other facilities. Realizations declined by $45 per ton, but were partially offset through improved freight, fiber, energy, and chemical costs. The business has continued to improve its competitiveness by aggressively reducing input, manufacturing, maintenance and SG&A costs. This focus on cost reduction and operating excellence positions the business to capture optimum value when the markets rebound. I would also like to mention that once again we led the industry in safety during the past quarter. This is a real tribute to the caring and commitment of our employees during these challenging times, and we continue to see improved safety translate into improved operating performance. I will now turn the call over to Larry Burrows.
Larry Burrows: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. Housing margin conditions improved across all WRECO geographies during the second quarter. Record affordability, low interest rates, and modestly improved consumer confidence, combined with federal and California tax credits induced home buyers to enter the market. WRECO’s Arizona and California markets demonstrated the greatest improvement during the second quarter, as they experienced increased traffic at greater number of home sales and lower cancellation rates relative to the first quarter. The Puget Sound and Washington DC markets also strengthened. Modest market gains occurred in Houston and Las Vegas. These trends are reflected in the key indicators table on chart nine. Comparing the second quarter of 2009 to 2008, home sales increased 6% and our cancellation rate declined significantly. However, other metrics remained well below 2008 levels. Traffic decreased 33% compared to the second quarter of 2008 and closings fell by 47%. WRECO’s financial results reflect the slightly enhanced market conditions. We recorded $50 million pretax loss in the second quarter, including $52 million in one-time charges. These charges include $2 million for restructuring, $11 million from terminating options on land in the states of Maryland and Washington, $5 million of impairing investments, and $34 million from impairments in virtually all of our markets. We also realized gains of $16 million from the sale of land, lots, and partnership interests located in California, Nevada and Pacific Northwest. Excluding the gains on land and partnership sales and the one-time charges, WRECO lost $14 million on second quarter operations. I have previously discussed WRECO’s strategy to sell approximately 4,000 lots, principally in Arizona, California and Nevada. We closed approximately 20% of these lots during the second quarter and are in active negotiations on the remaining properties. Though we are somewhat encouraged by signs of potential recovery, the housing markets still face significant headwinds in the third quarter. Consumer confidence remains fragile. It improved through much of the second quarter only to decline in June and July. Unemployment continues to rise. Though the pace of foreclosures had slowed, the availability of foreclosed homes continues to place downward pressure on new home prices. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac’s May 1st implementation of new appraisal standard creates a potential disconnect between a home’s contracted sales prices and its appraised value. Earlier this month, the State of California exhausted its available tax credit funding. Though the federal credit is available through December 1st, potential buyers of a to-be-built home must purchase soon to ensure they can settle before the credit expires. The combination of these factors threatens to delay the housing market recovery. WRECO expects to incur a greater loss from home-building operations in the third quarter compared to the second. While we anticipate a comparable number of home closings in the third quarter, our mix will temporarily shift away from higher priced California homes in favor of lower priced Arizona properties. In the second quarter, Pardee [ph] Homes successfully sold and closed on much of its available California inventory before building its backlog with sales that we expect to close late this year. In contrast, (inaudible) homes, which had little standing inventory in Arizona, sold primarily to-be-built homes during the second quarter. These sales will be reflected in third quarter closes. We continued to adjust staffing, reduce the quantity of model homes and pair down [ph] unsold inventory. We have cut land spending to a bare minimum. As Dan said, we believe that stronger markets lie ahead. However, numerous obstacles lie between current housing market conditions and a full sustainable recovery. The actions we continue to execute are enabling WRECO to generate cash today and returning to profitability as our markets stabilize. I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the third quarter.
Patty Bedient: Thanks, Larry, and good morning. While we believe that markets are stabilizing, we don’t expect a significant improvement in economic conditions in the third quarter. Our focus will continue to concentrate on cost control and disciplined matching of supply with demand. I’ll begin the outlook with Timberland. As Tom has already described, we expect to be deferring additional fee timber harvest as a result of weak prices for logs. This is especially true in the south where realizations for grade logs are expected to soften. Export price realizations in the west are also likely to weaken somewhat. We anticipate the per-unit costs will be slightly higher due to lower volume. Excluding the impact of non-strategic land sales, we expect that Timberland earnings in the third quarter will be lower than the second quarter. In Wood Products, we believe that low demand levels will persist. While we may see some slight price improvements in selected products, we do not believe that it will result in significant earnings improvement. We continued to take additional downtime in order to balance our supply with demand. Tom has already given you an overview of some of the additional actions we are taking in the third quarter, especially in our lumber system. Our increased focus on working capital and cost control should result in lower losses in the third quarter compared to the second. In Cellulose Fibers, we expect pulp prices to stabilize in the third quarter. Pulp production is expected to increase due to less maintenance downtime. This increased production and lower maintenance spending and input costs should result in improved earnings. We expect to blend slightly more alternative fuel in the third quarter compared to the second. Overall, we expect earnings in our Cellulose Fibers segment to increase in the third quarter compared to the second. Larry has already shared the third quarter outlook for our Real Estate business where we anticipate the loss in our single-family homebuilding business to increase compared to the second quarter, primarily as a result of lower average closing prices driven mostly by a change in mix. Now I’ll close my remarks with some selected financial comments. Our cash flow from operations improved significantly during the quarter, primarily as a result of improved operating results, receipts from alternative fuel tax credits and working capital reductions. Our capital spending for the quarter, including reforestation, was approximately $40 million for a total of $107 million year-to-date. We anticipate capital expenditures for the year to be approximately $200 million. At the end of the quarter, we had no borrowings outstanding under our $2.2 billion lines of credit, and we are in compliance with all debt covenants. We have debt maturities of approximately $400 million in the quarter and we will be making our semi-annual interest payments of approximately $150 million. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Dan Fulton: Thanks, Patty. This quarter was one of continued challenges for three of our businesses and strong operational performance for the fourth. Our Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate businesses are all feeling the effects of the weak housing market. In response, our Timberlands business is deferring harvest, while Wood Products continues to adjust its operations to match supply with demand. Real Estate saw some improvement across the board, but expects to experience continued pressure on margins. Cellulose Fibers is our bright spot, as this business is generating cash from both operations and from the alternative energy tax credit. As you’ve heard from several others this morning, we’ve made significant improvements in our cost structure, but we know more can be done and we continue our focus on identifying opportunities to further reductions. And now we’ll open the call up to questions.
Kathryn McAuley: Sharnay, we’re ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) Our first question is George Staphos with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, everyone, good morning to you. I guess the first question I had within Wood Products is, if you think about the next two to three quarters and eliminate the impact of seasonality and whatever trend we may see in the market per se, what kind of incremental benefit do you think is possible to be seen from your own efforts within the business from an earnings power standpoint, not necessarily next quarter, but say over the next two or three quarters?
Tom Gideon: Well, George, we have seen sustained progress as we rescaled our business over the course of the last six months. And we did see significantly improved earnings from operation as well as cash usage throughout the second quarter. And in fact, I would note that for the month of June, we were still slightly negative from an earnings point of view, but with working capital reductions, we were cash positive. Now, we are the first to admit that one month is not a trend mate and that there is a lot of uncertainties still going forward. But July at this point looks similar to June, and we expect that we’re going to continue to move forward across all the actions that we’ve taken and what we need to do additional as market conditions warrant. We are not waiting as others have mentioned for market conditions to improve or counting on that improvement, so we are going to adjust all of the levers that we have available to us to make this improvement occur. As we all know, sustainability at this level is going to be a function of what price is, what we do with respect to demand and volume, and of course, what we can do to continue to reduce our costs. So we continue to do the levers that we have, including deferring harvest, including further curtailments on our operations. We announced the closure of our Taylor, Louisiana sawmill, and of course we’ve taken additional staffing reductions, as I mentioned in the remarks, of about another 300 individuals throughout our organization. So our focus is going to remain on improving our cash usage, and we believe (inaudible) going to be on the basis of continued low levels of demand.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Appreciate the comments, Tom. Maybe two quick questions to finish up -- first of all, how much were boiler and repair outages and impact of those things in the second quarter within Cellulose Fibers?
Tom Gideon: Say, George, could you kind of repeat the question for me?
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Yes, sorry about that. How much was the overall effect from boiler repair and outages in the second quarter?
Tom Gideon: Okay. Are you talking about in terms of expense or --?
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Yes, exactly.
Tom Gideon: Okay. Well, the expense for the Columbus boiler repair was approximately $30 million of maintenance expense spread out over a 45-day outage.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I guess the last quick one, just out of curiosity, that box plant that you had not sold to IT that went to somebody else, which facility was that?
Tom Gideon: George, that was our facility in Honolulu, Hawaii, one that we had taken out early in the process of the transaction with International Paper.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Seemed like it was a good price you got for it. Anyway, I’ll turn it over.
Patty Bedient: George, just one thing on the 45 days that Tom was mentioning on Columbus, we had 30 of that in the second quarter and 15 of it will be in the third.
George Staphos – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Patty.
Patty Bedient: Yes.
Tom Gideon: Thank you, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee: Thank you. Two questions. First, Tom, you talked about activities that go beyond right-sizing, and you mentioned working capital. Can you give us a sense of those activities that are going to make the business look different when the volumes come back? Most of what you mentioned just sounds like it’s right-sizing. I’m just curious, is there much going on beyond that to try to shift what this thing is going to look like when the recovery is here?
Tom Gideon: Sure, Mark. One of the activities that we are doing across our entire organization, and in fact, we are applying against all elements of our business system is applying the concept of lean manufacturing to sustainably and predictably improve our performance. That involves looking across our supply chain, removing inventory buffers on a permanent basis, taking up waste wherever we can across our system and improving our operational reliability. And we apply that both to our operating facilities as well as to our business systems. So we believe we’ve made some fundamental sustained improvements on our business system going forward.
Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee: And that will take your working capital down then on a sustainable basis as well?
Tom Gideon: Yes, we’ll take it down, but we should recognize that as markets improve and working capital goes up, we will be able to maintain it at a lower level than it would have been had we not under the actions [ph].
Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee: Great, perfect. Okay. And a question for Dan, big picture question, when you think about your portfolio and obviously this is a tough time in a lot of businesses, when you think strategically, do you think that Weyerhaeuser needs to rethink its product diversification? When we look at the old portfolio, maybe some of the businesses weren’t great, but it was far more diversified than what you have now. And that was -- those were decisions made over decades that have been pretty much reversed in the last two or three years. I’m curious how you are thinking about dealing with diversification as we get past this cycle.
Dan Fulton: Good question, Mark. I mean, clearly as we exited the Fine Paper business and we exited the Containerboard Packaging business, we are more reliant on US housing market. And as we look forward, the Cellulose Fibers business gives us diversification away from the housing market and also puts us on a global market situation where we compete all over the world. So that’s a positive for us. As we look at our Timberlands, we have opportunities in our Timberlands business to diversify earning streams in the future that will come from what we would call the bio-products and biochemical opportunities that emerge from our land. We’ve talked about that in some of our sessions such as in May so that -- I think, as we look at the Timberlands, we’ve got an energy potential in the future and a bio-products potential in the future. We also have potential to expand beyond our borders in our position in South America. We’ve got a small position in Timberlands in China. And so our focus would be to continue to build our Timberlands capabilities and opportunities, and I think that’s where we are going to find the diversification opportunities that will lessen reliance on the housing cycles in the US.
Mark Connelly – Sterne Agee: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Hi. Actually, maybe just taking the opposite side of that equation when you look at the portfolio and you start seeing markets recover and you may have some more opportunity to sell, do you think you might consider further restructuring beyond what you’ve done?
Dan Fulton: Gail, we continue to evaluate the performance of the portfolio on an ongoing basis, as we’ve shared before. Our foundational business is our Timberlands, which includes the land, the timber, the minerals, and oil and gas rights that come with that, as well as what I mentioned in the conversation with Mark, biomass and energy potential. Our other businesses, the challenge that we have for them is that they operate on top quartile basis. We have significant scale in our Wood Products business, and we believe that that has significant earnings power and cash flow generation potential for us, as the housing market recovers. Our Real Estate business has been a top quartile performer in the past, and as we come out of this cycle, our focus will be getting back to performance at that prior level. And our Cellulose Fibers business, as you know, is focused on high-value absorbance. But the goal for each of those is that they would be able to perform at peak levels in top quartile as compared to peers, that they would be able to generate cash for the portfolio as well as for their own internal needs, and we have the ability on an ongoing basis to measure their effectiveness internally in the valued Weyerhaeuser company as compared to alternatives. So I think the message from me would be that we continue to evaluate the portfolio. We like the businesses that we have today, but our goal is for them to be top performing.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. And a couple of questions for Patty. Patty, how much cash did you actually receive from the fuel credits in the quarter? And can you also give an update on the status of your loans to the pension plan? I thought that maybe they were kind of callable at six months or something like that when they can.
Patty Bedient: Yes. In terms of the alternative fuel tax credits, we received actual cash receipts in the quarter of right around $80 million and the bulk of the remainder in the -- right after the end of the quarter, so in this month. In terms of the loans to the pension plan, there was no activity on those loans. We did extend the payment terms on some of them for another six months. I would expect that we would see some of that cash coming back late in the year, but probably the bulk of it after the first of the year.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay. And Dan or Patty, I don’t know if either one of you want to comment on the decision to cut the dividend again, especially in light of the improved cash flow in the second quarter.
Dan Fulton: I’ll comment, Gail. The decision was made by the Board, as we said when we announced it, to enhance liquidity and provide financial flexibility in light of what we continue to believe is an uncertain market. So the point we are making this morning, we are pleased with the activity in the second quarter. As Larry talked about, we saw a turnaround in housing. We started to see some improvement in Wood Products, but we are not convinced that it is sustainable at this point. And we think that we will have significant uncertainty during this recovery until we see unemployment peak and start to come down, and consumer confidence be restored and we still have significant issues on dealing with the foreclosed housing inventory that exists. And as Larry pointed out, interestingly, the boost that we got from the tax credit programs, both federal and state, can provide some disruption in the marketplace. So we benefited from it, but when those tax credits go away as they have in California, then there is an adjustment. So the decision of the Board was focused on -- we continue to believe there is a significant amount of uncertainty in the direction of recovery and then couple that with the desire to have greater flexibility and liquidity as we move forward.
Gail Glazerman – UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I had some questions around the timberland. Is it possible to get a sense of how much the gain was in the quarter on that -- the non-strategic land sales and also where those sales occurred at?
Dan Fulton: Sure, Mark. As you know, we have an ongoing land adjustment program. So we had a number of parcels that we are looking at to see if there is an opportunity to exchange or sell. We had some non-strategic timberland sales this quarter. The bulk of that was focused in a comfortable region in Southwest of Washington and it was for about 14,000 acres.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And the gain on that?
Dan Fulton: Tom?
Tom Gideon: Overall what we had, we saw the sales price for that was about $34 million for the 14,000 or approximately $2,500 an acre. This was property that was very heavily oriented towards Hemlock Stands as opposed to Douglas fir. It was an area that had not only seen some salvage activity as a result of the December 7th storms, which still has some residual impact that they are still resident in the stands themselves. And it’s also one that, as an entity, is significantly young in its age class. It only averages 24 years, so significantly high percentage of pre-merges on that particular set of property. So when we look at everything and put all of that in to consideration, we thought it was overall good valuations for us, Mark.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Couple of other questions, Tom, on the timberland. I noticed just digging back in the details that your outside sales of southern timber were up about 2.5-fold year-on-year, but when I look at the depletion in terms of kind of cubic meters in the south, it was down sharply. Can you help us explain -- help us understand what’s going on there?
Tom Gideon: Well, in some respect, that’s the fact that we have looked at outside sales as we’ve reduced the usage internally, and it’s just the balancing of that against our usage against what’s available in the marketplace.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then in your commentary, you kind of leave open in timberland a question of additional non-strategic sales in the second half. Can you provide us with any thoughts on what we might see there?
Patty Bedient: Yes, Mark, this is Patty. As I made the comment about excluding the non-strategic timber sales, as you know, we have an ongoing program of improving our portfolio through timberland sales and its changes. And just to give you some color on that, I just -- in terms of giving you the guidance for the third quarter, I have excluded those. They are lumpy, so it just depends upon what we find in terms of good value where we look at potential to improve that portfolio. So we really -- I think Tom has already taken you through the changes in the second quarter and we really aren’t forecasting what level that might be in the quarter.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Well, I guess to come right to the point, I mean, there were reports about six months ago about you guys having a lot of land for sale potentially in the Pacific Northwest. I think many of us have written about that. Aside from this sale of 14,000 acres, we really haven’t seen much. I’m just trying to get a sense of whether we should assume much in a way of land sales as we look into the second half.
Tom Gideon: Again, Mark, we just don’t comment or speculate on rumors that are out the marketplace regarding the potential land sales. One thing that I would like to go back and reiterate was when you were talking about the third-party sales, you might have been referring it back far enough that when we sold CBPR, a lot of the internal sales of fiber logs have been transferred into third-party sales as a result of them going to International Paper.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And finally, just a question on Wood Products. Volumes are off sharply. We’re all uncertain about when the housing market is going to recover. Would you consider in your Wood Products business things like perhaps creating some joint ventures that might help to rationalize things on the supply side, say, in the engineered wood type business?
Tom Gideon: Mark, again, we are focused first and foremost on improving what we have and what we have -- what we need to do in order to make the sustained improvements that need to happen. But again, as Dan has mentioned, we will consider any opportunity that could potentially add value and would be accretive to the return to our shareholders.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay, very good. Thanks very much.
Kathryn McAuley: Next question. Operator?
Operator: I’m sorry. The next question is from the line of Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. First question is on the homebuilding unit, and I was just curious, do you have -- you used to tell us or you do tell us that your rough -- your tax basis for the timberland is around $1 billion. What would be the similar number at this point for the homebuilder?
Patty Bedient: I think what we’ve said, Chip, as it relates to Timberlands is that our tax basis is less than $1 billion. So it is well under what our book basis and fair market value basis is. In WRECO, in our Real Estate business, our tax basis exceed our book basis, primarily as a result of the impairments that we’ve taken because we can’t take those for tax purposes until we actually dispose off the land. So it would be greater than book value.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: And could that be by as much as -- looking at all the impairments and I can’t add them up right now, but it would look like there could be as much as $1 billion gap in the other direction there.
Larry Burrows: Chip, this is Larry. I think when we chatted in New York a couple of months ago, we said that I think we had a book value -- and this is going back to the first quarter of about $1.6 billion and there was about a little less than $1 billion -- in addition, there was about $1 billion of impairments that we have on top of that.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you, okay. So 2.5 for tax purposes at this point [ph]. And I guess, Larry, you are mentioning the lot sales, and just to make sure I got that right that there are about 4,000 lots you’re actively marketing in California, Nevada and Arizona, and you got about 20% of them sold. I’m kind of guessing here, but did you -- are you getting, what, roughly -- I mean, it’s like 10,000 a lot sort of where prices are moving right now?
Larry Burrows: It really varies greatly because of not only the location but kind of the condition of the loss. So something in Arizona would be different maybe than something in Vegas versus Southern California. And also -- are they -- all of them are entitled, some of them have some land spend that’s already been part of it, but some of them don’t. And so it varies. And so something that’s entitled, then in the raw, you get -- it would be a little bit lower price if something is entitled, but also has some land development spending that’s been associated with it.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. And last question is, Dan, at the top of the call, you said that when we see housing recovery, you expected the WRECO to benefit first and then Wood Products and then Timberlands. I’m just kind of curious. I always thought there was a bit of lag in terms of the ability to get pricing up on the houses. Obviously, the units would improve, but is there a chance that maybe next year we would see Wood Products lead the way only because there could be a better chance that repair and remodeling could lead the way?
Dan Fulton: My take on the sequential recovery is that we’ve had disappearance of the significant number of participants in the homebuilding business, the private builders. And as the recovery begins, the larger, well-capitalized public builders should have the capacity to take advantage of that first, because they have got a land position and lots to build on. And they don’t need a construction loan from a bank. And so our experience is we’ll start to see that uptick earlier, and then we’ll translate into home -- into Wood Products. In Wood Products, there is a bit of a lag and there is more of an overcapacity issue in the Wood Products arena. And then Wood Products producers, as their activity starts to pick up, they need to earn a margin on manufacturing and that ultimately then translate in the log values. And it’s going to be differential by market and it’s going to be very regional, but it’s a general comment.
Chip Dillon – Credit Suisse: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Thank you. Just following up on the timing of things getting better and perhaps also things getting worse. Do you think that the Timberlands business, which as you noted tends to be lagged, has seen the full brunt of the effect of the downturn, or do you expect that there will still be more downward pressure, particularly on private market values for timberland?
Tom Gideon: Markets we look at in terms of just the log usage and takeaway as well as pricing, I think Timberlands is reflecting what the markets have to offer in Wood Products and up through housing today. Again, what happens there will mirror what the recovery that we see throughout those components of our portfolio.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. But so -- as long as things don’t get worse in housing, you think that Timberlands essentially have bottomed though? Is that a fair characterization of what you just said?
Tom Gideon: I would say -- I was trying to say that this is going to mirror that and we still believe there is some uncertainty going forward, and we are not able to pinpoint with the high degree of accuracy on where we are at in the system, but it does appear that we’ve seen some relative stabilization across demand going all the way from housing and through Wood Products and then eventually down through to Timberlands.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. I’m sorry, I may have missed it, but what did you say the gain on the FIA sale had been?
Tom Gideon: I didn’t mention what the gain was. I mentioned that the total sale price for that sale was approximately $34 million.
Patty Bedient: And the gain, Mark, was just under $30 million.
Mark Weintraub – Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Thanks, and good morning. Couple questions. Is it possible, Tom, to share with us the amount of gains that you may have had in the first quarter and also in the year-ago quarter? I think they were much lower?
Tom Gideon: Peter, could you help me out a little bit more about what specific gains you’re referring to?
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: I’m sorry. The non-strategic land sales gains in the timber business.
Tom Gideon: Okay. And you are asking what we are year-over-year?
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Well, in other words, you shared with us what the gain was in the second quarter. I’m curious to be able to have an apples-to-apples comparison. I'm curious on how much gain you may have had embedded in your reported numbers in the first quarter and in the year-ago quarter for Timberlands.
Tom Gideon: I was hoping that -- I just don’t have -- really available to me, but something that I think Patty can get back to you.
Patty Bedient: I’ll get back to you, Pete, on that.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay. And I’d also be curious, Tom, to the extent you can comment on your harvests in terms of what you would characterize a saw timber versus pulpwood and has that shifted much over the last year or so.
Tom Gideon: Well, certainly over the last six months, we’ve started to see some reduction in our pine grade as compared to our fiber in the south [ph]. And we expect that that’s going to continue, Peter, as we take off our harvest deferrals up a little bit going forward in the third quarter.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay. And Tom, also you mentioned your -- some of your commentary on log exposure to Japan, I’m curious if you could comment on the demand and pricing trend you’re seeing for logs and lumber outside of Japan and other Asian markets, whether it be China, Korea or elsewhere.
Tom Gideon: Peter, as I mentioned, we are starting to see some renewed demand in China for a domestic log that previously wasn’t something that the export market was looking for. So we’re exploring that. It’s had good margins compared to our domestic alternative, and we think that that can move into a very fruitful market for us as things progress.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay. Just lastly if I could, maybe a question for Dan -- I'm curious, Dan, on what you’d be willing to share your thoughts on the timber deed structure announced recently, and I’m sure you’ve looked at every structure under the sun, but can you share any thoughts on whether that might be something applicable for Weyerhaeuser?
Dan Fulton: I’m not able to comment on that today, Peter.
Peter Ruschmeier – Barclays Capital: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Yes. Just a couple of cleanups. One, it looked like the tax rate came down quite a bit quarter-to-quarter. Can you comment on that, Patty?
Patty Bedient: You got it, Mark. As you think about our tax rate, in the first quarter, our tax rate for the year, we were looking at about 38%. As we look at it now at the end of the second quarter, our effective tax rate is around 36%. So you had about 2% or somewhere around $10 million of cumulative rate cleanup for the quarter -- or for the year-to-date that runs to the second quarter. And then we had about $13 million, just over $10 million of discrete items in the quarter for some state tax, deferred taxes, as well as some FIN 48 charges. It’s about -- going forward the tax rate for the year, as we sit here today, we’re looking at just under 36%.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And I also noticed -- it looked like SG&A came down sequentially about $24 million. Is that level we saw in the second quarter, is that a new sustainable level?
Dan Fulton: Mark, I think what you’re going to see is continued decline in SG&A. As I mentioned in my remarks, on a year-over-year basis, our SG&A is down $450 million at a run rate level. And we are continuing to take out costs, and so you should expect to see that number to continue to decline.
Mark Wilde – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Very good, Dan. Good luck in the third quarter.
Dan Fulton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn it back to management for any closing remarks.
Dan Fulton: Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. Just a couple of wrap-up comments. I want to emphasize that we are doing business in a changing environment with varying degrees of uncertainty related to the economic situation, consumer confidence, and in addition, the political environment. Our current focus continues to be to respond to market opportunities while maintaining a focus on driving cost down for long-term sustainable benefit. And we believe that our portfolio of the building blocks that we have in our portfolio and their relationship to the new energy and climate change policies that are being developed offer us new opportunities for our biomass, and we believe we will see benefits from our longstanding practices of sustainable forestry. And finally, our strategic view is the portfolio of assets that we have are well positioned to take advantage of that changing environment. I appreciate your attention today. As always, follow-up questions can be directed to Kathy. Kathy, any final comments?
Kathryn McAuley: No, I don’t believe so, but I’ll be back in my office shortly and I’d be happy to take any of your questions.
Dan Fulton: Thank you very much.
Kathryn McAuley: Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Weyerhaeuser second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of today’s conference, please dial 1-800-406-7325 or 303-590-3030 and access code 4100961. AT&T would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathy McAuley - VP of IR Dan Fulton - President and CEO Patty Bedient - EVP and CFO Tom Gideon - EVP, Forest Products Larry Burrows - President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch Gail Glazerman - UBS Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Mark Connelly Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser 2009 First Quarter Earnings Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, May 5th, 2009. And now I’d like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kathy McAuley. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Kathy McAuley: Good morning. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I am Kathy McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products; and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Meier at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported a net loss in the first quarter of $264 million or $1.25 per share; a net sales of $1.3 billion. This includes an after-tax charge of $46 million or $0.22 per share for forest products closures, restructuring and asset impairments primarily in wood products, an after-tax charge of $45 million or $0.21 per share for impairments and reserves for real estate assets. An after tax charge of $17 million or $0.08 per share for corporate restructuring and asset impairments. An after tax charge of $12 million or $0.06 per share for a reserve for an agreement in principle to settle the litigation. Excluding these items, the company had a net loss of $44 million or $0.68 per share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart four in the earnings information package, as I will next discuss this waterfall chart. Chart four is the bar chart detailing the changes in contribution to earnings by segment from the fourth quarter of 2008 to the first quarter of 2009. This is presented on the basis of contribution to earnings before special items, interest and taxes. As noted in the first bar on chart four in the fourth quarter of 2008, the company lost $213 million before special items, interest and taxes. Changes in Weyerhaeuser's segment earnings from the fourth quarter to the first quarter were as follows. Proceeding from left to right across the waterfall chart, we begin the discussion with Timberland. Timberland’s earnings were $21 million lower in Q1. This decline was the result of a lower fee harvest due to market conditions and lower log prices, particularly in the West. These factors more than offset improvements in fuel and silviculture cost. Q1 earnings included a $14 million gain on the land donation on behalf of the Weyerhaeuser Company foundation. The wood products loss decreased by $23 million in Q1. Costs were lower due to facility closure, cost controlling measures, lower raw material costs and a decrease in SG&A. These cost reductions were offset by lower lumber and OSB prices and lower volumes in all product lines. Sale of fibers earnings were $33 million lower than in Q4. This decline was primarily driven by a $100 per ton drop in pulp prices, which offset lower costs for fiber, freight and maintenance. The real estate loss decreased by $121 million in Q1. This change was largely due to a loss of $130 million on land sales in Q4. There were no major land or lot sales in Q1. Corporate and other expense was $19 million higher than in Q4, an improvement in corporate overhead and lower foreign exchange losses were more than offset by lower pension income, a higher variable comp expense primarily due to a higher stock price, and a donation to the Weyerhaeuser Company foundation. The final bar to the right of this page is the first quarter 2009 loss of $142 million before special items. Please note chart one in the information package contains the actual Q4 and Q1 contribution to earnings by segment and the total of special items, interest expense and taxes. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Dan Fulton: Thanks, Kathy, and good morning. When I first participated on this call as President of Weyerhaeuser Company, back in February 2008, I commented that our real estate business was in for a tough year. That may have been the understatement of my career. Although we had already seen some weakening in our wood products business, no one expected the housing market to plummet to the levels we haven't seen for decades and become [mired] in a downturn that continues today. In a moment, Tom Gideon, our Executive Vice President of Forest Products, will outline the significant action that we've taken to address the challenges of this market. Although not readily apparent these were extraordinary actions. Nonetheless, we know that additional measures are required and we will further improve the performance of our wood products business. The same is true for Larry Burrows. Even though Larry and his management team have been through market cycles before, the depth of this downturn and the utter collapse of markets such as California, have put their management skills to the ultimate test. They've responded by continuing to cut overhead and reducing and rebalancing land positions to improve performance. Larry will outline the actions of our [Ricoh] team in his remarks this morning. I wish the effects of the weakened economy had remained confined to those two businesses, but as we noted on last quarter's call, we began to see some deterioration in the fluff market during the fourth quarter due to the worldwide economic downturn. This carried over into the first quarter and is likely to continue into the second. Even our timberlands business, a traditional steady performer in our portfolio, is now deferring its harvest levels due the cumulative effect of a weak housing market and the global economic slowdown. In response to these conditions, every business has taken action to reduce costs and align production to meet lower demand. Across the company, we are reducing SG&A costs. Last May we established a goal of achieving $375 million in cost savings over a two-year period. As of the end of the first quarter we have already met that goal, but given the deteriorating market, we're committed to finding further cost savings. And while we have faced challenging market conditions, we cannot use this as an excuse. No one associated with this company is satisfied with the results we've achieved. As I said in our release this morning, our current performance is unacceptable. We recognize that our past actions have not been enough and that our top priority is to improve our competitiveness. Every aspect of our operation is under review, and you have the commitment of our management and our Board that we will take all actions necessary to improve our performance. Weyerhaeuser will weather the current challenges. Our future is based on our timberlands assets and the land that we own. I'm confident in the fundamental value of these assets and we continue to develop new revenue streams from these lands. In addition, our wood products, real estate, and cellulose fibers businesses have built strong customer relationships and hold leading market positions. But we must strengthen the ability of all of our businesses to succeed in this changing competitive environment by making fundamental changes to our cost structure. All of our businesses must be top-quartile performers. That's my focus and we'll deliver on that commitment. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tom Gideon to discuss our Forest Products businesses.
Tom Gideon:  Thanks, Dan. The first quarter was every bit as tough as we expected. The continued deterioration in global and domestic market conditions had a significant effect on the performance of our wood products, cellulose fibers and timberlands businesses. In response, each business put on a [full core press] to reduce cost, to position them to improve their performance at these new levels of demand and pricing. Starting with wood products, referenced in chart six and seven, we know the key questions are what are you doing to get to cash neutral and when will you get there? Let's turn first to what we're doing. Housing starts continued their decline during the quarter, putting significant downward pressure on pricing for our core products. Lumber realizations were 11% below fourth quarter levels, while OSB realizations fell 4%. As a result, sales were down 44% from a year ago, and 25% from last quarter. Despite these adverse conditions, our first quarter's performance was slightly better than both of these periods, while our performance still isn't where it needs to be, it is improving. During the quarter, we closed or indefinitely curtailed 10 operating facilities and five distribution centers. Lumber production was down 27% from Q1 2008 and 12% from Q4, representing an operating rate of 58%. The four lumber mills we curtailed during the quarter had 870 million board feet of capacity. OSB production was down 52% from Q1 of 2008 and 35% from Q4, and we operated at just 38% of capacity. We also took out 520 million square feet of OSB on an annual basis. We operated our engineered system at less than 20% of capacity during the quarter. The three engineered mills we curtailed had 17 million cubic feet of solid section capacity. In total, the mill curtailments and operating posture changes resulted in the elimination of 1300 positions. The total cost impact of the mill curtailments, changed shift postures, and reductions in SG&A is significant. Actual manufacturing and direct SG&A costs were lower by $54 million compared to the fourth quarter, and the March run rate indicates an even higher reduction. We estimate that the annualized run rate of these cost reductions will be in the neighborhood of $250 million. In addition, we moved to a [core set] of operations, which we are running more efficiently and at lower cost. As a result, we saw progressive month to month improvement in reducing our cash losses, even though our weekly sales were relatively flat throughout the quarter, and the full impact of these actions were not fully realized in first quarter results. Regarding the second question as to when; it is very difficult to provide a specific forecast given the cash neutrality is primarily a function of price, volume, and cost; with the first two largely determined by the market demand and supply dynamics. What we can say is that we have positioned ourselves to take full advantage of the cost reductions already implemented and have made substantial progress in enabling system cash breakeven even at low levels of market demand. During our last call, I stated that our goal was to get to a [core set] of operations that can be cash neutral in this severely depressed market and can serve as the platform for significant operating returns when markets rebound. That is still our goal and we are closer and encouraged by our progress. We are not satisfied with the results as they are not yet where they need to be. So we will continue to adjust the levers we can influence. Relentlessly reducing costs, ensuring we have the best balance between demand and supply, maintaining pricing discipline across all of our product lines, and constantly evaluating progress against our goal, and taking the necessary actions to achieve it. Turning to cellulose fibers on chart eight, realizations dropped by $100 a ton as global demand shrunk dramatically. In response, we flexed our production to better match this decline in demand. Through our cost reduction measures, we were able to partially offset these negative revenue impacts through improved fiber, chemical, freight, and maintenance costs. Inventories increased slightly in anticipation of planned downtime in the second quarter associated with an annual maintenance outage and a major boiler repair project. Moving to chart five in timberlands, the full impact of the sharply lower housing starts and corresponding lower demand for wood products was reflected and significantly reduced harvest levels. Harvests were down 21% from the fourth quarter, and 32% from a year ago. The harvest reductions were higher in the west, as we completed most of the salvage harvest by the end of the fourth quarter. Both domestic and export log prices declined during the quarter. Our Asian markets have also been affected by the slowing global economy. Japanese post and beam housing starts are down 22% from 2008 levels and as a result, we sell our log shipments to Japan declined by 5% year-over-year. Shipments to China and Korea continue but at a lower and overall slower pace. While export log prices remain attractive compared to the domestic alternative, we experienced downward price pressure in all three Asian log markets. I would like once again to recognize our employees for their outstanding safety achievement. 2008 was our safest year ever with a recordable incident rate of less than one. So far in 2009, we have improved that record low incident rate by 50%. This industry-leading performance is even more impressive given the market and operational challenges we faced this past quarter, and as we have mentioned in previous calls, we continue to see a strong correlation between improved safety and better operating performance. I'll now turn the call over to Larry Burrows.
Larry Burrows:  Thank you, Tom. Good morning. The market conditions Ricoh experienced in the first quarter were incredibly challenging. Macroeconomic conditions affecting our industry continued to worsen as consumer confidence declined substantially from the fourth quarter's record lows and unemployment rose to levels not seen since 1981. In California, our largest market, unemployment exceeds 11%. Such recessionary conditions reduced the pool of potential homebuyers as prospective customers lack the confidence to make sizable purchases. At the same time, the wave or foreclosures continues. While inventory is beginning to clear, the consequence is continued price declines. The precipitous market contraction in the fourth quarter carried over to the first quarter. All of our markets struggled. Sales in Washington D.C., the Pacific Northwest, and Houston markets continued to decline. Phoenix, Las Vegas, and California's Inland Empire remain our most challenging markets. These trends are reflected in our key indicators on chart nine. Comparing the first quarter of 2009 to 2008, traffic decreased 43%, sales declined 51%, while closings fell 49%. Ricoh's financial results reflect these painful markets. We’ve recorded a $96 million pretax loss in the first quarter including $72 million in one-time charges. These charges include $4 million for restructuring, $13 million from terminating options on land in our California and Washington D.C. markets, $26 million from impairing investments, and $29 million from other impairments primarily in communities where we continue to operate. These communities are located in Arizona, California, Maryland, and the State of Washington. Excluding these charges, Ricoh lost $24 million on the first quarter operations. In April, we began to see an increase in sales activity. However, we remain focused on adjusting staffing, reducing land spend, shrinking unsold inventory, shuttering communities and substituting smaller and less expensive product. Cash generation remains our primary emphasis. Another action we are taking is land sales. During last quarter’s call, I mentioned a strategic shift that resulted in Ricoh impairing land in Arizona, California, and Nevada, in anticipation of future sale. While we have not yet closed such sales, we are in active negotiations on many of these properties. These non-strategic properties represent approximately 10% of the 44,000 lots that we own. Of the lots that we own, approximately 50% are located in California, and approximately 30% are in Nevada. The balance is split roughly equally among our Pacific Northwest, Washington D.C., Arizona, and Texas markets. In addition, we control 72,000 lots through option agreements. Our Ricoh leaders and I are dissatisfied with Ricoh's financial performance. However, I am confident that the initiatives we are taking place us on a path to generate cash and return to profitability as our markets stabilize. I will now turn the call over to Patty to discuss the outlook for the first quarter.
Patty Bedient: Thanks, Larry, and good morning. I'll give you an overview of the outlook for the second quarter and then I'll wrap up my comments with some remarks about financial items. I'll begin with timberlands. As Tom has already described, we are operating at curtailed harvest levels. While these harvest levels are expected to increase somewhat seasonally, compared to the first quarter, we do not anticipate this increase to be significant as we will continue to defer harvest in response to depressed market demand and soft domestic prices. Export pricing is also expected to weaken further in the quarter, as we continue to feel the effects of slowing Asian markets. We will likely have some severance charges in the second quarter, as a result of curtailments, primarily in our Western operations. Before the impact of any severance charges, we expect that second quarter earnings in our timberland segment will be comparable to the first quarter. Our second quarter outlook for wood products anticipates some seasonal improvement in prices and volumes in most product lines, compared to the first quarter, although to-date we have yet to see any meaningful pickup. We expect that our operations will continue to have significant curtailments in all product lines, and depending on market conditions, further shutdowns could occur. Although we're not expecting much improvement in market conditions, the impact of our actions to-date including cost reductions and manufacturing and overhead, combined with lower you raw material costs, should result in lower losses from operations in the second quarter compared to the first. Average sales realizations in cellulose fibers are expected to continue to weaken in response to depressed global economic conditions resulting in decreased revenue in the second quarter compared to the first. As a result of our continued focus on cost reduction, we expect to realize some decreases in costs, primarily in the areas of fiber, chemicals, and energy. However, as Tom mentioned, we will be incurring significant maintenance expense in the second quarter, as a result of extensive boiler repairs at our Columbus, Mississippi mill. This will be in addition to a planned annual outage at our Grand Prairie Alberta mill. Shipment volumes are expected to approximate the same levels as the first quarter, as we have been planning for the extended outage at Columbus and we will be shipping out of inventory. This should result in decreased inventory levels at the end of the quarter. Primarily as a result of the extended maintenance expense, we expect that cellulose fiber segment will incur a loss from operations in the second quarter. This does not include any benefit from the potential for alternative fuel mixture tax credits. We have applied for registration with the IRS to become qualified as an alternative fuel mixer and we began blending alternative fuel at our five facilities that could qualify during the first week of April. Through last week, we have used approximately 77 million gallons of fuel that we believe could qualify for the credit, subject to a number of uncertainties. In our real estate segment, we expect much of the same economic conditions that Larry described to continue in the second quarter. Even so, we anticipate an increase in the number of single family home closings in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. However, the average sales price is expected to decline due to mix as well as weakness in pricing. Operating results in our single family homebuilding business are expected to approximate the first quarter. Our real estate business continues to reduce costs wherever possible including reductions in overhead costs and product repositioning. We do not anticipate restructuring and impairment charges to be at the same level as the first quarter, although this is subject to market uncertainties. Now I'll wrap up with some comments on other financial items. Capital expenditures for our Forest Products business were approximately $68 million in the first quarter. This included $53 million in Property and Equipment, and $15 million in Timberlands Reforestation. We expect total capital expenditures for the full year to be approximately $200 million. In addition to funding losses from operations, other significant uses of cash for the first quarter included $53 million for dividends, interest payments of about $160 million, which was higher in the first quarter as this included our semiannual interest payment and loans to the pension trust of $85 million. These loans reflect January and February benefit payments, which were higher than normal as a result of our corporate restructuring and downsizing efforts. This brings the total loan balance to $285 million. These loans have a six-month term and may be renewed. We had no borrowings outstanding under our $2.2 billion lines of credit and we are in compliance with all debt covenants. Now I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Dan Fulton: Thanks, Patty. As you've just heard, we're taking action to respond to the current challenging economic situation. But we know that we must do more to position Weyerhaeuser to be competitive, regardless of market conditions. You have our commitment and as we've demonstrated in the past we will deliver on that pledge. With that, Kathy, let me turn it back over to you and we'll open the call for questions.
Kathy McAuley: Nicole, could you please poll the roster for questions?
Operator: Yes. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of George Staphos with Banc of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks, hi, everyone, good morning. A few questions maybe on wood. First off, if we can look at the SG&A run rate that you're targeting, I think you said $250 million earlier in the formal remarks, when do you expect to get to that level in terms of the quarter? And if we hold pricing and volume relatively constant, I realize that's a big assumption, when would you, therefore, expect to get to breakeven either on EBIT or cash flow basis or for the wood products business? Then I had a couple follow-ons?
Tom Gideon: Well, George, just to ramp the size, the $250 million of annualized savings that we have it's a combination of reductions in manufacturing costs as well as SG&A. So it's a total cost reduction that we have done.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: I understood.
Tom Gideon: Quite frankly, we're not focused our business on operating at about 350,000 single-family housing starts, and so it's going to be very difficult for us to get to cash breakeven at those levels. Having said that, we've made substantial progress to enable breakeven status at these low demand levels and we're going to continue to adjust the levers that we have available to us to get there. We're going to decide what we offer in terms of the volume and mix that we present to the marketplace, where we produce it, continuing to ensure that we operate our core operations at higher efficiencies and lower costs and also at the price at which we offer our products to the marketplace to ensure we're contributing to being cash neutral. So we're constantly evaluating and we'll be making continual adjustments to ensure we're operating our financial performance and improving our financial performance in reducing our cash position.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Tom, I guess a quick follow-on. Again I realize if you don't want it necessarily to be pinned down to this but if 300,000 housing starts isn't where you can be cash breakeven, given the actions you've taken what level of activity would you need to see in terms of starts to get to cash breakeven?
Tom Gideon: Again, George, it's difficult to project
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: I understand.
Tom Gideon: Predict and estimate what pricing and overall demand levels are going to be because that's based on relative market conditions. All I can say is that we positioned ourselves to be cash neutral at levels that are well below, whether the high trend rates of 1.2 million to 1.5 million.  
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi. Good morning. Can you give an update, one, I guess, Patty on how you would look at potential REIT conversion, given the current operations in terms of some of the hurdles that have been -- that you've talked about in the past?
Patty Bedient: Well, Gail, what I would say is as you know, we made the changes at the end of the year in terms of structure to enable us to have the flexibility on a go-forward basis. As we sit here today, the first test from a REIT perspective would be the asset test at the end of the first quarter. Based on our portfolio, we believe that we did pass that asset test. As we go forward, I think there are a number of considerations in terms of the economic outlook, the need for purging the earnings and profits, a bond REIT conversion, as well as the performance in all of our businesses, but also in the timberland segment where we all are deferring substantial harvest. So we have not made any decisions in terms of REIT conversion at the Board level, but it is something we continue to look at quite actively.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Also can you offer an update on the status of the tree act, where it is in Congress and what type of impact if any it would have, were it not extended, given your current kind of operating position?
Dan Fulton: Gail, the current act expires on the 22nd of May, this month. And we've got active support, both in the Senate and the House, attempting to advance a bill that would provide an extension. Our primary sponsor in the Senate is Senator Blanche Lincoln, in the house it's Congressman Jim McDermott who is a leading member of the Ways and Means Committee. We're optimistic given the feedback that we've got from our Congressional representatives. But as you know, it's not over until it's over in Congress. In terms of the benefit, you know, that accrues to us, we did pick up a significant benefit last year. This year, given current operations, it likely has less immediate benefit but the challenge for us is that we would like to see it extended and ultimately made permanent.  
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Thank you. Patty, just one last question. Can you give any sense of your head room under your existing covenants based on quarterly results?  
Patty Bedient: Sure, Gail. In terms of our covenants, the primary covenants are in our bank credit line of which we have no borrowings outstanding under the line. As we sit here today, both Weyerhaeuser Company and Ricoh can borrow under those lines. The Weyerhaeuser level, we have just under $500 million of cushion in the equity calculation, again, as we sit here today; and Ricoh, which can also borrow under those lines has probably just under about $1 billion worth of cushion.  
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. Patty, a question, two questions for you really just. Can you just walk through a little bit more detail what the major items in the negative cash usage from operations was in the quarter? And on that point, can you just talk about the tax rate and would you expect that the losses you're currently incurring can be applied to the gains that you had, say, on the containerboard sale?  
Patty Bedient: Sure, Rick. I'll give you an update, but I would refer you to page three of the analyst packet, which does have some selected information on cash flows for you. We'll have the full cash flow obviously in the Q that will be filed either at the end of this week or early next. In terms of the cash from operations, you had asked about the tax rate and the tax rate is about 38% on an effective rate going forward. I think it was a little higher than that, which is a benefit in the first quarter, given that we had some one-time pickups from state, I think, charges that were running through there, some benefit from that. But 38% is the right effective rate that you should use on a go forward basis. In terms of the refund associated with that tax benefit, we do have the ability to carry that refund back in 2009 against the large gains that we had in 2008 as a result of the containerboard sale. I think, as we have talked in the past, that would be our intention subject to anything that we might do in the REIT area I think as we've talked about on previous calls, if we were to convert to a REIT in 2009, we would have to carry those losses forward from the taxable REIT subsidiary and would be precluded from carrying those back. So I hope that's helpful to you as you think about that.  
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Sure. And just to clarify, the net cash from operations on that page three was minus 436. How much of that was usage and working capital?  
Patty Bedient: I think that there was decrease in accruals and payables, if memory serves of about 250 or so. Receivables were basically flat to down. The tax receivable, though, is included in that number and that number is somewhere increased by about $200 million as a result of the tax benefit.  
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.  
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions. I was curious if you would be willing to comment and/or quantify any plans you may have on the land sale side for Ricoh, either in aggregate acres or timeline and whether your guidance for the second quarter includes or excludes land sales and whether you'd be willing to comment on timberlands and whether that's something you're looking at and what timeframe you would look to make more permanent decisions on that?  
Larry Burrows: Sure, Pete, this is Larry. I think that I mentioned that we have a little over 4,000 lots. Of that, we are taking to the market. We have activity and interest in a little over a third of those right now that we are negotiating. I don't know, just given Stu steady periods and whatnot whether we'll see any kind of really consequential impact from of those potential sales in the second quarter.  
Dan Fulton: Pete, this is Dan. With respect to timberland sales, we have no comment on any activity.  
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Dan, I was hoping you could comment, expand on your comments, I appreciate the difficult conditions out there. I was hoping you could expand on your comments that performance is unacceptable, you plan to put in place competitive cost structure regardless of the cycle and I believe that means more than just the $250 million of cost cutting that you're targeting. Can you perhaps share more of the process that you're envisioning and maybe lay out a time line on when you think it might be reasonable for investors to expect more conclusions on that process?  
Dan Fulton: Sure. Just to clarify once again, I think we might have created some confusion this morning around the comment about 250 million. That was a number that Tom used in his remarks and as he shared, the $250 million savings that he's identified in our wood products business is not just overhead. That's operating costs. Going back to last May, after we sold or announced the sale of our containerboard business, we put together a program to address significant reduction in support cost at the corporate level related to the fact that we were selling the containerboard business and also we had exited the fine paper business. We needed to right size our corporate overhead structure for a smaller company, and that created the targeted savings that we identified last year of $375 million. We thought that it would take us two years to achieve the $375 million savings and in fact as I’ve reported this morning on a going forward run basis, we hit that number by the end of the first quarter. Now what we're doing and have been doing for some time is looking at each one of our individual businesses, addressing their cost structure so that they can be competitive in their respective industry. As you know, we've seen a significant change in the makeup of the forest products industry over the last five to 10 years as we've had land move in one direction and manufacturing facilities in another direction. Our historic competitors are very different than they used to be, and our challenge for each of our businesses is that they be able to compete at a top-quartile level in their respective businesses, whether it's wood products, homebuilding, cellulose fibers, or timberlands. So the efforts that are under way on a continuous basis are to right-size our support structure, our overhead, so that we can be best-in-class in each of those businesses. That's a process that's ongoing today. As I said, we completed the $375 million initiative, but we're going beyond that.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Just lastly, Dan, is it an ongoing process or perhaps you're not willing to share a specific timeline with us today, but do have you a timeline that you're working on to get to or is it really more of an ongoing process as you go?  
Dan Fulton: It's an ongoing process, although we have already committed to some significant changes this year and we can provide an update on some of those changes when we get together in New York at the end of the month.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with (Synergy). Please go ahead.  
Mark Connelly: A question for Dan and Larry, I guess. If you think about your distribution business from the perspective of a homebuilder, I'm just wondering -- we've seen you do eye level. We've seen TJ try some new things, but I'm wondering with the changes we've seen over the last couple of quarters, they've been mostly incremental, shutdown here or there. And I'm wondering if you think that the distribution model that you have in place is still the right one or could we see something, more fundamental changing in the way Weyerhaeuser gets its product to homebuilders.
Dan Fulton: Thanks, Mark. You mentioned Larry's name, but I'm going to direct that question to Tom.
Tom Gideon: Sure, Mark. We're evaluating all elements of our portfolio on how we're going to market. We have changed our distribution model over the last several years, moving from a broad-based utilizing third party products into more focused on internal product distribution on a channel to the marketplace. And again, that's as we've talked, we did take out the five biases earlier this year and it's a component of our business that we're going to continue to evaluate to ensure that we're getting optimum return from it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning. First question is on the log prices. It looks like just doing a little math, if it is apples-to-apples that your log prices were only down about 10% both in the west and the south year-to-year. That seems to be a bit better than some of your -- you know, the other timber companies out there. What would you ascribe that to?
Tom Gideon: Well, Chip, I haven't done an evaluation against what others have done. We continue to go to the market and the set of customers that we choose to maximize the return to our logs. Of course, we not only have good domestic partners both internally as well as externally, but we're also a significant presence in the international log market and I'm sure that helps our overall valuations. 
Chip Dillon - Credit Suisse: Okay. Okay. And then second question is you mentioned about 44,000 lots you owned throughout the system. And about half of those were in California. Could you talk a little bit about how many of those are lots you've opened for, say, a number of years, perhaps in the San Diego County area, roughly how much of those, you know, what I would imagine would be about 22,000 acres are there?
Dan Fulton: Sure, Chip. Of the land that we own in California is generally comprised of three regions. One as you just mentioned, is San Diego. The majority of what we have there is that we've owned for quite a while. Another part of land that we own in California, the lots we own are in the Inland Empire. Some combination of lots that we bought over the last several years, but then again a lot of those also were long-lived. And then the other area that we have a presence in Southern California is in the LA, Ventura area; and a large portion of what we own there we've owned for some many years. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Chun with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: Yes, thanks. Good morning. First of all, I had a couple questions on the cellulose business. Can you tell us how much more in maintenance costs you're going to have in 2Q than in 1Q?
Tom Gideon: Christopher, I don't know if I can give you an exact amount, what that is, but it will be in the several tens of millions of dollars compared to first quarter. 
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: Okay. If we're trying to estimate what your price realizations are going to be in 2Q relative to 1Q, would it be appropriate just to look at, you know, published prices for fluff pulp or are there mix or timing issues that would not make that a great idea?
Tom Gideon: Well, I can't really evaluate for you how you ought to be thinking about that other than to say as you know, we're predominantly into the fluff and specialty market arenas in terms of our volume and our market focus. Those are the areas that we're going to continue to focus upon, so over 70% of our product goes into those product lines. 
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: Okay. In the black liquor area, you guys mentioned 77 million gallons of fuel burned. Can we get some more information on exactly what period that covers?
Dan Fulton: That period, as Patty mentioned in her remarks, we began blending five facilities that would qualify during the first week of April and the 77 gallons that she identified was the amount from that beginning period, beginning of April, through last week. 
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So that's approximately four weeks?
Patty Bedient: Yes. It's about at the end of the first week of April to actually Sunday, I think was the cutoff that -- for the period that we used. 
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Finally --
Tom Gideon: Four weeks. 
Patty Bedient: Yes. 
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: Excuse me?
Tom Gideon: That will be four weeks. 
Christopher Chun - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Okay. My final question has to do with the land positions and the lots for sale again. I was just wondering, you know, what the pros and cons are of selling the lots that you are selling now? I mean, you know, it seems to me that certainly a con would be that the prices are off significantly from a few years ago. So I was just wondering if you could give us some more color on exactly how much those prices are down relative to let's say three years ago, and then, you know, what the pros would be of selling them at this point?
Larry Burrows: Sure. I think that what I talked about at the end of last year, at the end of the quarter is, is that, when we looked at the length of land that we owned and we looked at actions that we need to take to generate cash, one of the steps and strategies and levers that we have was to look to kind of rebalance our land position. We sold over probably about a little over 5,000 lots last year. We had been in the market and we had what we thought is an understanding of how land may transact in this environment and we made the judgment as a strategy shift to impair these lots in anticipation of selling them. When we did that, we essentially kind of looked at do we need the lots, are they strategic? How soon would we get to them and you really look to do a return to whole calculation and you're just making a cash flow judgment, are you better off with some cash today or are you better off holding them, again, with a pretty deep land position in some pretty attractive markets, we felt that these lots would be appropriate to take the market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on your expectations for fee depletion this year and also perhaps what you think that number would be in a more normal environment, given what you see as your sustainable harvest?
Tom Gideon: Well, Mark, we're continually going to evaluate what we're doing in the area of harvest levels as we go forward. In a typical year, we would see a seasonal upswing in second quarter compared to first. This isn't a typical year and so we're going to evaluate what happens in the market and what the prices are offered in terms of was we're going to bring to the marketplace. Normally, I guess you've seen the past harvest levels that we've seen over the last three to five years and as we go forward, we would -- taking that trend average would be above what you would expect going forward in the next three to five, in a normal typical market whatever that may be.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Close to 24 cubic meters or million cubic meters as a trend, if I look at the historical 23, 24. So for this year, as a starting point we’re at - would be 18 or 15 or what might be a reasonable range do you think to understanding that you're going to be flexible, given market conditions, but given what you see today, what might be a reasonable range to guesstimate?
Tom Gideon: Well, I really can't give you that kind of an estimate. Again, you've seen what we've done in terms of the reduction that we've done in response to market conditions year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. And we're just going to continue to adapt and adjust as appropriate to maintain the best value for the company and the shareholders going forward. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. 
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Thanks. Two quick questions, please. First of all with black liquor, is it $0.50 a gallon? Is that how we should look at it?
Dan Fulton: That's the number that's being used, $0.50 a gallon, Steve. 
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Great. Thanks. And secondly, a couple years ago I think you gave us a number of 6 billion, which was the legacy retained earnings. If you were to convert to REIT at the end of Q1, what would be the value of your historic retained earnings?
Patty Bedient: Steve, this is Patty. The earnings and profits, which is a calculated number in accordance with IRS regulation, so it's not exactly a comparable to retained earnings, but as we've said in the past, that number at the beginning of the year is roughly $6.5 billion, so that is the amount of earnings and profits that we would have to payout in 2009 if we were to convert to a REIT. As we have also said in the past, that it is possible to pay a significant amount of that earnings and profits through a stock distribution as well as cash. Others, when they have done the distribution, have used a combination of 80% stock and 20% cash, but those are all things that we continue to look at. 
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Okay. As a follow-on, if the tax treatment of dividends were to change, would you adjust the ratio?
Patty Bedient: Those are all things that we are monitoring as we're going forward in terms of how we are looking at that potential. Tax legislation certainly is an important element of that. The tax treatment not only from a Weyerhaeuser perspective, but from our shareholder perspective on that distribution is an important consideration, not only as it stands today but as it may change as we go forward, so all of those things are being considered. But I don't have any additional specifics to give you at this time. 
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Thanks, Patty. 
Patty Bedient: Thank you, Steve. We have time for one last question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of George Staphos with Banc of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Hi, guys. Two questions. Back to wood if we look at the operations is it possible to comment which, whether it's lumber or panels is furthest right now below breakeven. And [separately] in pulp if we exclude the repair and maintenance expense in Columbus, I think you said for second quarter, would you be above breakeven? Thanks, guys, good luck in the quarter. 
Tom Gideon: With respect to wood, both of those segments go into slightly different market segments. The engineered component is much more heavily directed to the new residential housing and we're more evenly split in terms of where our lumber goes. We have equal opportunities to go forward. As you know, we ran our engineered capacity at very low levels in the first quarter. We've taken some efforts to right-size that and we'll be improving our operating rates and our cost structure in those product lines as well. So they're both challenged. They're both showing improvement and we're both taking in both situations, George, we're taking the same type of actions to adjust the levers that are controlled to improve their operating performance. Could you repeat your question regarding pulp again, please? 
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Just pulp without the repair and maintenance expense in 2Q, especially the repair expense I think you cited Columbus, would you be above breakeven?
Tom Gideon: We would be much closer to breakeven if we did not have the maintenance expenses associated with the outages, that's correct.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks, guys. 
Patty Bedient: Thank you. I'd like to turn the call over to Dan Fulton for some closing comments. 
Dan Fulton: Hey, just a couple of brief comments as we close here. I want to reiterate that our priority as a company is to ensure a competitive future for this business and to protect shareholder value. For me, that means that we need to achieve top-quartile results across the Board, all businesses. We need to have a competitive tax status in which to operate in. These are extraordinary times that we're operating in. I believe we're taking some extraordinary measures in each of our businesses to right size them and to adjust our cost structure so that as we go forward, we will be able to be top-quartile. Though economic conditions are tough, it's not an excuse for our performance and our goal is to be able to be competitive in any market condition and that's what our group is engaged in right now. We appreciate your support on the call. We look forward to talking to many of you later in the month when we're in New York. Thanks very much.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay. If you would like to access the replay system you may dial 303-590-3000, and enter in the passcode number of 11130409. You may also dial 1-800-405-2236, and enter in the passcode number of 11130409. Again, those telephone numbers are 303-590-3000 and 1-800-405-2236 and the access code is 11130409. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our Weyerhaeuser 2009 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co. Anna Torma - Soleil Securities Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thank you of standing by. Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser 2008 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded today Friday, February 6, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Kathryn F. McAuley: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I'm Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me this morning are Dan Fulton, President and Chief Executive Officer; Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products; and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. The call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Meier at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported a net loss in the fourth quarter of $1.212 billion or $5.73 per share on net sales from continuing operations of $1.8 billion. This includes an $827 million or $3.91 per diluted share goodwill impairment in our iLevel and Cellulose Fibers businesses writing off all of the goodwill in these businesses, real estate impairment related after-tax charges of $313 million or $1.48 per diluted share, an after tax gain of $149 million or $0.70 per diluted share on the ownership restructuring of asset in Uruguay, an after-tax charge of $33 million or $0.15 per diluted share for closure and restructuring activities in wood products and corporate activity, an after tax gain of $21 million or $0.10 per diluted share for early extinguishment of debt. Excluding these items, the company had a net loss after tax of $209 million or a loss $0.99 per share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart four in the earnings information package as I will discuss the waterfall chart. Chart four is the bar chart detailing the changes in the contribution to earnings by segment from the third quarter of 2008 to the fourth quarter of 2008. This is presented on the basis of contribution to earnings before special items, interest and taxes. As noted in the first bar on chart four in the third quarter 2008, the company earned $17 million before special items, interest and taxes. Changes in Weyerhaeuser's segment earnings from the third quarter to the fourth quarter were as follows. Proceeding from left to the right across the waterfall chart, we begin the discussion with Timberland. No land sales and reduced timber volumes resulted in lower Timberland's earnings of $45 million. Significant declines in number and OSP prices, and weak volumes throughout our product lines were the main contributors to the $90 million reduction in wood products earnings. Falling coal prices and market related downtime reduced cellulose fiber earnings by $13 million. There was no Containerboard, Packaging and Recycling activity in the fourth quarter. Whereas the third quarter contained one month of CBPR earnings. This had a negative $8 million impact. The loss on land sales at Weyerhaeuser Real Estate companies of $130 million was the most significant factor in the $62 million decline in retail earnings. Corporate and other contributed $12 million less. Foreign exchange was the largest factor in reduced earnings. The final bar at the right of the page is the fourth quarter 2008 pre-tax loss before special items of $213 million. Please note chart one in information package contains the actual Q3 and Q4 contributions to earnings by segment excluding special items, interest, expenses and taxes. Lastly I want to point out that our tax rate for the continuing op -- for continuing operations for the year is now approximately 41%. This excludes Uruguay restructuring gains and the goodwill impairment. I'll now turn the call over to Dan Fulton.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thank you, Kathy. And good morning to everyone on the call. When I spoke to you in December, I mentioned the conditions in all of our markets had significantly deteriorated since the end of the third quarter. I'd also said these were some of the worse conditions in my career, and we foresaw a continued weakening of the economy. As this morning's sobering results indicate that prediction came true. Single family new home construction has nearly come to a standstill. During the fourth quarter alone, annual construction plummeted to a rate we haven't seen since 1959. Not only have we seen a 77% drop in housing starts since 2005's peak level of 1.7 million but the pace of this decline has accelerated. By 2007, starts had fallen to a level of 1 million. In 2008, they plunged to 620,000 and by December, starts had dropped to an annualized rate of 398,000. Story in the repair and remodel market is the same. Tighter credit and fears of possible unemployment have caused people to delay projects they might have undertaken only a few months ago. As a result, with products are barely moving and what is selling is going for prices substantially below third quarter levels. These figures demonstrate the complete capitulation of the consumer in the last half of the fourth quarter. It's not surprising. Consumer confidence has now soaked to its lowest levels ever as buyers face an environment of uncertainty. They wonder what congress will do and if its action will help stem this free fall. Everybody they read thousands of job cuts and wonder if they're next. In this environment, even qualified buyers have decided to sit on the sidelines rather than take advantage of lower home prices. Such conditions obviously affect our Real Estate, Wood Products and Timberland businesses. But the bad news doesn't stop there. Over the past couple of years, Cellulose Fibers has provided a bright spot due to our competitiveness and a weaker dollar. However, the rebound in the US dollar during the quarter, combined with increased weakness of the global economy took its toll on pulp prices. All of our markets are facing extremely difficult conditions. In response, we have moved to align our production to the rapidly deteriorating markets and to lower cost. At the moment, Tom Gideon and Larry Burrows will outline in detail the actions they've taken and will take in the coming months. Patty Bedient will provide the first quarter outlook and explain the goodwill charges that we reported this morning. Based on today's results, it may seem hard to believe that the steps we've taken so far have made a difference. But we're dealing with a market that's weakening faster than anyone envisioned. So far, we have taken steps to reduce overhead by 375 million and have eliminated significant production. We recognize that these are unprecedented conditions which require an unprecedented response. We are accelerating the necessary and tough decisions to get us through this protracted down cycle and to position ourselves for the market upturn. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom and Larry who will go through their specific areas in detail. Tom, I believe you're first.
Thomas F. Gideon: Thanks Dan. As you've just heard, we're facing some extraordinarily challenging markets and we're committed to taking the necessary steps to improve our performance under these conditions. In this portion of the call, I'd like to detail some of the actions we are implementing in our Wood Products, Cellulose Fibers, and Timberland businesses. Because our Wood Products business was the most heavily affected by the current financial situation, I will spend most of my time discussing what we're doing in that business. However, be assured each business in the forest product segment is responding to this need to act with the same discipline and sense of urgency. Prices in sales volumes for building materials fell during the fourth quarter. As we have throughout this downturn, we continue to make operating adjustments to balance our production with declining demand. Today, virtually all of our facilities are experiencing some degree of reduced operation; both lumber and OSP are now running at a rate approaching 50% of capacity. For engineered products, we are operating our mills at less than one-third of their capacity. Since the market peak in 2005, North American lumber demand has dropped 30%. During the same period Weyerhaeuser production has declined 32%. In addition to volume impact, we've also seeing significant price decline. For example, we have not seen Douglas-fir fir pricing at these low levels in 25 years. In response, we are monitoring demand and supply on a weekly basis and making real time adjustments to our operating schedules to more aggressively mange our response to these unprecedented market conditions. In addition to modifying operating postures, we are also making tough decisions about permanent capacity. In just the past 11 days, we have announced the closure or indefinite curtailment of lumber and veneer operations at four mills in Aberdeen, Washington; and Pine Hill, Alabama. These are in addition to the seven operations we either closed or indefinitely curtailed in 2008. In the coming weeks, we will continue to assess the market situation and make additional operating decisions as appropriate. From January 2008 through today, we have eliminated approximately 2700 positions in our iLevel business due to closures, sales or modified postures or nearly 25%, of our total operational and staff roles. This translates into a total reduction of $175 million in payroll costs. For 2009, we've reduced our capital spending by 50%. We will continue to fund only those projects critical to maintaining optimal and operating performance, ensure safety and meet environmental regulations. We have restricted or eliminated discretionary expenses such as travel and training and all in all we are challenging all of our employees to find ways of doing every aspect of their jobs faster, better, cheaper and of course safer. Our immediate goal is straightforward; to get to a core set of operations that can be cash neutral in this severely depressed market. These assets will then serve as the platform or significant operating returns when the marked rebounds. While we firmly believe that the long-term prospects for residential housing demand are strong, we recognize the current conditions in the home building industry warrants severe cost conservation actions. That is why we were taking unprecedented steps across all areas of our business to save cost. Turing to Cellulose Fibers, prices and volume declined due to the dramatic changes in global market conditions. We continue to improve our operating efficiencies into the quarter. This was offset by the sudden severe declines in market pulp prices and demand. In response we adjusted our production to meet declining demand and reduced production by 16,000 tons. We will continue to match production with demand by appropriately adjusting capacity utilization. In November, we began actions to dramatically reduce our spending in key areas, including overtime, chemical usage, enterprising, staffing and the use of outside contractors. We expect to start seeing the results of these actions this quarter. In addition, we've reduced 2009 capital. Combined with these caps -- these cost reduction actions, we believe Cellulose Fibers is well positioned to meet these challenging market conditions, given our efficient operations and strong presence in the fluff, pulp, and specialty fiber markets. Moving to Timberlands, we are dealing with lower harvest levels in response to deteriorating market demand. Harvest levels in the fourth quarter were down approximately 13% from the third quarter due to market declines and adverse weather conditions. For the year, harvest levels were essentially flat to 2007. It should be noted however that nearly one third of the harvest in the west was associated with the need to harvest wood damage by the severe storms that struck the northwest in December 2007. Following the reduction in demand, domestic log prices were also lower while export realizations were up slightly as our export markets remain steady. Volumes to Japan were comparable to 2007 levels. During 2008, we took advantage of our experience in Asia to expand our sales to the Korean Hemlock market. We had improved lease revenue from minerals during the fourth quarter, primarily for leases originating in the Hainesville shale region. Looking across the entire company, I would dearly miss if I didn't recognize our employees for their outstanding safety performance in 2008. We had our safest year ever and turning fewer and less severe injuries than ever before. Given the market and operational challenges we faced this past year, this was truly a superior achievement on their part. And now I'll turn the call over to Larry.
Lawrence B. Burrows: Thank you Tom, good morning. As Dan mentioned, what started as a dramatic deterioration in the housing and financial markets, is now significantly affecting the overall economy. Rising unemployment and economic uncertainty have driven consumer confidence to the lowest levels since the index began in 1967. The supply of customers has become very limited as potential home buyers have lost confidence to make major purchase. Against this backdrop, foreclosure activity is accelerating, driving up inventories of unsold home and placing downward pressure on prices which continue to decline in all markets. Conditions in our markets have eroded considerably in recent months. For the middle of last year, there were signs that the Washington D.C. market, one of the first to enter the downturn might begin to stabilize. Any hopes of stabilization was dashed during the fourth quarter with the rise of unemployment and the collapse of consumer confidence. Phoenix, Las Vegas and the Inland Empire in California remain our most challenged markets. The Houston and Pacific Northwest markets which had remained relatively steady through the third quarter and now deteriorating. This deterioration is evidenced in our key indicators on chart nine. Comparing the fourth quarter of 2008 to -- through 2007, traffic decreased 33%, sales fell 44% and closings were off 53%. Our backlog of homes sold but not closed dropped to slightly more than two months. Our average sales price was down 13% from 2007, consistent with a 15% new home price decline nationally. In the past we've discussed the actions we are taking to adjust to this difficult operating environment. We have cut land acquisition and land development spending, adjusted staffing, reduced work in progress, closed communities and repositioned others with smaller, less expensive product. Efforts in all of these areas are ongoing, but are insufficient. We reviewed our homebuilding projects, land portfolio for opportunities to generate cash and avoid future development spending. This effort and the increasingly uncertain timing of recovery resulted in the change in our land strategy for certain projects. We decided to sell the land rather than hold it for development. Consistent with this strategy in the fourth quarter, we sold land, eliminated option and impaired land identified for future sale. These land related activities account for 469 million of our 630 million fourth quarter pre-tax loss as follows. $130 million from divesting land in Arizona and California, 58 million from eliminating options on land in virtually all of our markets and 280 million from impairing land we are likely to sell in the future. This land is located in Arizona, California, Nevada and the Pacific Northwest. An additional 135 million in asset impairments relates to communities where we continue to operate. We also incurred restructuring charges of 10 million. Excluding the loss on land sales and the non-cash charges I just discussed, RECO recorded a loss of 16 million on fourth quarter operations. Our local managers are experienced and capable and together we will successfully guide RECO through the exceptionally difficult operating conditions we continue to experience. The actions we are taking position us to generate cash and return to profitability as our markets stabilize and recover. I will now turn the call over to Patty.
Patricia M. Bedient: Thanks Larry, and good morning. Well, as you've already heard the start of the year has been exceedingly challenging and we expect it will continue throughout the quarter. I'll begin the outlook with Timberland. Fee harvest volume is expected to decrease in both the west and south. Traditionally the first quarter is seasonally weaker than the fourth, and the market curtailments and shutdowns in mills across all geographies will only serve to exacerbate this trend. In the West, export prices are expected to decline due to the slowing Japanese housing market. Domestic realizations should remain weak. Prices realized in the South are anticipated to decrease although we anticipate a higher mix of grade log compared to the fourth quarter. We expect logging and handling cost to be somewhat less due to lower diesel cost and improved salvage cost in the west. Overall we expect the Timberlands earnings will be comparable to the fourth quarter. In wood products, prices and volumes across all product lines continued to be anemic. No curtailments in our geographies and product lines as Tom described are expected to be the norm as we adjust production to low demand level. Further shutdowns are likely if markets do not improve. As a result we expect that first quarter operating losses could be similar to the fourth quarter. Pulp prices and sales volumes are expected to decrease in the first quarter as the deterioration in consumer products and Asian markets continues. Production volumes are being adjusted to lower levels of demand which is expected to negatively affect operating efficiency. We will also have additional maintenance expense in the first quarter compared to the fourth as a result of scheduled annual maintenance. We do expect lower freight cost resulting from decreasing fuel surcharges and ocean freight. In addition fiber costs should be lower. However these cost decreases will not be enough to offset adverse market trends. We expect that overall operating earnings in the Cellulose Fibers segment for the first quarter will be significantly lower than the fourth quarter. In our real estate segment we expect that first quarter home closing will be seasonally lower than the fourth quarter. In addition the lack of demand that Larry has just described is not expected to improve as unemployment continues to be high and consumer confidence remains fragile. Low sales orders and high cancellation rates have been prevalent thus far in the quarter. Excluding impairments and losses on land sales which we experienced in the fourth quarter, we expect that the segment's loss from home building operations will increase in the first quarter compared to the fourth. Capital spending for Weyerhaeuser Company for the full year of 2008 was approximately $425 million. This included approximately 100 million for the containerboard packaging business we sold last August. As announced in December, we anticipate spending in the range of 200 to $250 million in 2009. Now as Dan mentioned, I'll provide some additional background on our goodwill impairments as well as other significant changes in equity during the quarter. Included in the loss of 1.2 billion for the fourth quarter, our non-cash charges of 827 million for goodwill write-offs associated with our Cellulose Fibers and Wood Products businesses. The accelerating deterioration in market conditions during the fourth quarter led to a fair value analysis which indicated that the carrying value of the goodwill was impaired. The analysis takes into account the industry's reduced market multiples, recent and expected operating performance and an expectation that weak macro economic trends will likely continue. After recording these impairments and according with financial accounting standards 142, the goodwill remaining on our balance sheet is approximately $40 million and is associated with our Timberland segment. At year-end, we also updated the funded status of our pension and post retirement benefit plans. Investment losses primarily in the second half of 2008 and a lowering of the discount rate resulted in an after-tax charge to equity of approximately $1.2 billion. Other changes in equity included the fourth quarter dividend payment of $127 million in addition to the approval of $53 million for the dividend that the board declared in December and which is payable in March. Changes in foreign currency translation accounted for the reminder of the decrease. In addition, we ended the year with $2.4 billion in cash and short-term investment and $6 billion in debt. This follows the retirement of $800 million of debt in the quarter. We remain in compliance with our debt covenants and we have available unused lines of credit totaling $2.2 billion. Now I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton: Thank you, Patty. I acknowledge the significance of our $1.2 billion loss. It reflects the speed and the severity of the deterioration of the economy especially in our markets. We're well aware of the challenges our markets present and we're taking action. Each of us is taking responsibility to accelerate our cost savings measures. We're questioning every expenditure and challenging ourselves to work more efficiently. There is no silver bullet here but we're confident that our focus will produce measurable results even in these economic conditions. We have a great asset in our Timberlands. Our businesses operate in markets that are anchored by sound long-term demographics. Consumer confidence will return, credit markets will ease, and we will see a rebound. In the meantime, we're dealing with current markets and the uncertain timing of recovery. We will improve our performance and put ourselves in the strongest position for the future. I have no doubt that we'll succeed. Now I'd like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). And we have a question from the line of Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities: Hi, good morning.
Daniel Fulton: Good morning Gail.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities: I guess just starting on the timber segment, if a third of 2008 volumes were salvage and I am assuming you are running through that activity. How should we think about harvest volumes and mix in 2009?
Thomas Gideon: Gail this is Tom. And looking to 2009 in the west you'll see a lower harvest level and it will be more aligned towards Douglas-fir as apposed to Hemlock.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities: Okay. And can you give any sort of visibility into, I guess, part of the change in the fourth quarter was one off land sales just a magnitude of land sales between the third and fourth quarter and all of 2008?
Thomas Gideon: Well as we indicated, we did not have any land and adjustment program sales in 2008 at 8.4 (ph) during the fourth quarter. We are in the market on an ongoing basis, and so the difference was that as we looked at the opportunities that -- there wasn't a match in timing between the assets that we were looking to the purchase and opportunities that we felt comfortable with exchanging for. So we had nothing in the fourth quarter.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities: Okay but you did in third, correct?
Thomas Gideon: Yes.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities: Okay. And just looking on the Cellulose business, the weakness that you referred to in emerging market was that more a commodity pulp or was that across the board including fluff?
Thomas Gideon: It was primarily in the paper grade segment which obviously over time has an impact and flows over to some degree on the fluff producers as well. As we are predominantly into market pulp -- excuse me, the reserve in pulp and specialty fiber markets but we weren't new into the slowdown in the Asian markets.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities: Okay and then Patty just a quick question. Can you remind us what the cash tax payments on the IP sale was in the quarter?
Patricia Bedient: Well we pay taxes on our total in all-in taxes Gail. So the total cash taxes that we paid out in the quarter were just over $1 billion.
Gail Glazerman - UBS Securities: Okay, thank you.
Patricia Bedient: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Richard Skidmore of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning, Tom could you just talk about your comment that you made with regards to getting to cash neutral in the Wood Products business and what are some of the steps that you think you could take and what the timing might be in order to get there?
Thomas Gideon: Well as you can Richard our goal is to do this quicker rather than later. The whole issue that we have is, is we really want to be cash positive and earnings positive, but during these extreme market conditions, our first goal is to make sure we're cash neutral in all of our operations that we continue to run. So we're continuing to look again against what we see as expected demand, against the customer commitments that we have, and against the facilities that most logistically advantage and cost effectively can meet those demands that we want to continue to fulfill. So it's an ongoing process of looking at every element of our business both our operating postures as well as the markets and the channel that we wish to go through as well as all of the dimensions of overhead expenses and spending that we can take a look at. So everything that is associated with operating and manufacturing businesses has been scrutinized.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: And then just on the recent move up in wood products, specifically lumber prices, you think, and it's only happened in this most recent week where lumber prices have moved up pretty sharply. Do you think that that's something that's just a seasonal factor or is that driven by something else? Do you think that's sustainable? Can you maybe give some comment on that?
Thomas Gideon: Well I wouldn't want to speculate in this market but there was a slight increase in some of our lumber pricing. But again, as we look at the economic situation and the market conditions, we don't see an ongoing uplift in the lumber prices going forward.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then if I can just ask one question for Patty, just with regards to pension. Can you just give us some detail with regards to what the status was at the end of the year in terms of funded status and what the pension income looks like for 2009?
Patricia Bedient: Sure Rick. As you know, at the end of 2007, our qualified plans were over-funded by almost $2 billion and our investment performance for 2008 was a loss of approximately 30%. Now our largest plans are US qualified plans and some of those plans are over funded and some are under funded by about a similar amount. For those that are under funded, we don't expect to be required to make a cash contribution until the end of 2010 probably around September. The amount is still an estimate but could be in the range of 50 to $100 million. In terms of income going forward, we're still in the process of our estimating that number subject to the year-end numbers. But we will have pension income during 2009.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Ruschmeier with Barclays. Please go ahead
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thank you and good morning. Just following up on that last question, Patty, I was hoping you could clarify. So the over-funded status of I think 1.9 billion, the planned assets came down 30%, what was the net effect?
Patricia Bedient: Well the net effect of the plans at the end of the year and you will see all of this detail in a couple of weeks as we filed the 10-K. But we have -- I am speaking primarily about the U.S. qualified plans because those are by far in a way our largest plan. And some of those, as I mentioned, that our over-funded, still over-funded some are under-funded by about a similar amount. I think it swings around $300 million.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Shifting gears to the Real Estate businesses, was hoping you can provide a little more color on the charges in terms of how much of the charges were cash charges versus non-cash charges? And what I am really trying to get out is how much was the cash burned for Real Estate business in the quarter?
Daniel Fulton: Peter --
Lawrence Burrows: On this --
Daniel Fulton: I am sorry, go ahead.
Lawrence Burrows: As I said, I believe that most of the charges related to land write-downs that should be a non-cash item; just trying to separate between the cash and non-cash charges.
Lawrence Burrows: I would say that the majority, in terms of, obviously the impairments we took which was a large portion of it -- it was non-cash; obviously the sale, was a little bit different. The 130 million came from selling the land, 58 million was money and cash that we walked away from in terms of auction deposits and what not. The $280 million of land that we are likely to sell in the future obviously was a non-cash charge. The severance of about $10 million will be a cash charge.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. That's very helpful. And shifting gears to the interest expense, Patty, it was a little bit higher than I expected. Curious if you can provide a little more color on that in terms of maybe interest expense, interest income. And do you have any guidance for us for either the first quarter or for full year '09 based on where you stand today?
Patricia Bedient: Yeah, the interest expense will come down simply because the debt is coming down. But I think really the change in the interest expense probably wasn't so much the interest expense itself, Pete, but the fact that we capitalize less interest in the fourth quarter compared to the third.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Last question --
Patricia Bedient: What we refer (ph) as the net.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Last question, I'll turn it over. I see the international operations are now reported in the Timber segment. Is it possible to give us the performance of that piece of that business in the fourth quarter and for 2008?
Thomas Gideon: Yes. In the fourth quarter I think we saw about $10 million loss in the International segment that was primarily driven by the product prices reduction that we experienced globally for the plywood that was being produced at our new operation down there. We also saw some increased depletion as a result of the step-up in basis, as a result of the partition, and some foreign exchange impact.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks very much.
Patricia Bedient: You'll see the break-out of those as we go forward Pete in the 10-K.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thanks Patty.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I wonder Tom and Patty if you could just help us unwind the timberland situation a little bit more. Tom I think you said that a third of the OA western harvest volume was salvage logging. Is that right?
Thomas Gideon: That's correct.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: And how much of the volume that you harvest in total across the company is western?
Thomas Gideon: I'd have to look at it. It's probably around 40% but I have to give back to you exactly on that amount, Mark.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Another question, I noticed that your year-over-year kind of depletion in unit volume in timberland was up about 10% and that your third party log sales were up about 20 or 25%. And I just -- I'm trying to understand why this is away from the salvage logging that this is occurring when the lumber and wood products markets are down so sharply in terms of both volume and price?
Thomas Gideon: What you'd see in some degree is that with less internal sales and more went to third parties as again we had a good export market and we increased some of our sales over into Korea with the salvage Hemlock that we had.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So of it's -- so most of the increased volume is going into the export market, it's not domestic sales?
Thomas Gideon: I wouldn't say most of it, I'll just say a good portion of it.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: I guess I'm just to trying to understand kind of -- it seems like you would almost aside from your desire to generate cash in the near-term, like there's a market where you'd actually want to be pulling your harvest volumes back pretty significantly?
Thomas Gideon: Yeah, again, when you look at that, our primary goals, particularly in the west was to get the value from the wood that was blown down and to get that into cash as quickly as we could otherwise it would have been sitting out there and degrading on an ongoing basis. So you did see that significant volume come in and it was good for us and the shareholders that we were able early in the year to get that into the market place before the degradation occurred out in the woods.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then switching over to Real Estate, with the land sales that you've identified out of the -- out of RECO, can you give us some sense of what your land book is likely to look at, look like after those sales are complete?
Lawrence Burrows: Mark this is Larry. Help me understand when you --
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Well unlike -- you're getting rid of some of your existing land position. Once you complete the sales that you are looking at right now, what will you be sitting on in the way of land inventory?
Lawrence Burrows: We have consistently said that we had a little bit longer land inventory than others maybe in the 7-year range; I think that were probably a little bit longer than that right now just given what's happening and so we're essentially looking to kind of work back roughly to about that kind of range level.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Is there any chance going forward just so that we can help both of us as the analyst and investors understand the company? Is there any chance we can get more color on where exactly the land book sits in and how much is there? So, I think one of the big questions people have right now is really trying to figure out how to value real estate. And if we don't really have any more information on what the portfolio looks like, it's kind of hard to do that?
Daniel Fulton: Mark this is Dan. We can do that. And as you know we've also committed that we are going to provide an increase level of disclosure in our Timberland segment. You can look for that in the 10-K and our annual investor guidance. And then you can provide some feedback to us as to whether or not it's helpful. But we will attempt to address your questions on the RECO land because we consider to be a significant asset and obviously better understanding is helpful.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, okay. And then my last question. Dan, is it possible to get an update on asset sales? I think you've -- you'd pulled the sale of the shipping business but as I understood it the sale of the short-line railroads was still in progress and I don't know whether you've added anything else to that asset sale. So could we go little update on that?
Daniel Fulton: We had three assets that we had announced processes on. One was as you mentioned the Westwood Shipping which we pulled off the markets for two reasons; one was just a general deterioration and ocean shipping business across the world, and secondly the financial market just made it impossible for any respective buyer to be able to pay what we thought was a reasonable price as business that's make money for us. And so we are going to hold it for time being. I can't comment on the railroad process; we are continuing to be in discussion and negotiation with potential buyer but can't provide a specific update. And then the third business that we announced that we had a letter of intent was our commercial I-Beam business. And once again I can't provide any update other than we are still in discussion with the potential buyer.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Would you consider on any other assets Dan? Would you consider like creating some joint ventures because it just seems like if the real estate market is not going to come back quickly, the deal with some of the oversupply that we've got in a lot of the building products markets that maybe some joint ventures would be wasted to start to get at more of that?
Daniel Fulton: We would not rule it out. One of the issues that we have generally in the wood products business is fundamental over capacity and so the industry has continued to take downtime and curtailment and both temporary and permanent closures. So, we're open to discussion but we have no ongoing discussions at this point of time.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: All right, thanks Dan and I do appreciate the commitment to more information, more transparency.
Patricia Bedient: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub with Weyerhaeuser(sic) [Buckingham Research]. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Daniel Fulton: Mark, did you change your employment?
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Yeah, I was kind of interested by that too. On the land, you mentioned that you roped down or mark-to-market land where you expect to build on, I'm sorry, what you expect to sell. Does that mean that you didn't on land which you at some date might develop? I wasn't quite sure with that distinction you were making there was?
Daniel Fulton: Mark, the distinction was is that we went back and we kind of looked at our portfolio. There was some land in our -- land portfolio that we said you know what, I think that we may be better off selling this rather than holding it to develop in the future and again this is a function of kind of looking at maybe a protracted difficult operating environment. And so what we did is we wrote that land down and anticipate being able to take that to market in sometime of this year. Likely it would be in the series of transactions and probably this is not something that will happen probably quickly. It would probably play itself out over the several quarters.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: So, can -- where you have on the balance sheet, you have land being processed for development and which is at $1.12 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. That would -- would that have been first of all where the write-downs would have shown up did the land you are talking about here?
Daniel Fulton: Yes I believe so. I think we also took some impairments approximately $135 million relating to communities and land where we are continuing to operate in belts. There's a little bit of both.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Understood. And how much -- can you help us at all understand how much of the land did not get a look through. So -- or -- and the one way we would get to that number is you told us what the write-down was, where did this land that you wrote down; where did it end up on the book side.
Daniel Fulton: I am trying to understand your question. You're talking about -- well first of all, every quarter, we go through a process where we look at our land held for impairments and we go through that. So everything gets looked at on a quarterly basis, the degree to which either we've had a change in strategy is the one that we've just outlined where we decided to go ahead and sell land or because of market conditions, things continued to deteriorate. That's when we would elect to take impairment. And you know the land that we are going to sell in the future -- projected to sell in the future, would go underneath, the real-estate in process of development and for sale. That's what shows up.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. The -- and I guess --
Daniel Fulton: Let me also -- I'll mention one other thing, the majority of what we ended up impairing is land that we acquired typically that has been in run up which is really kind of 2002 and beyond.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Right. And I can guess what I'm really trying to get to is get a sense as to how mark-to-market, how good the book value on the real estate business is which kind of I guess goes back to Mark Wilde's point, more information for us to be able to better assess would be very helpful cause -- and obviously you've still got a pretty big book value there, but in this type of market, people I think are unclear whether or not it's really got that type of value. So any help you can do would be great. And just a quick follow-up on the pension expense, I do assume that pension income would be meaningfully lower than the 177 in 2008. Would that be true or not necessarily?
Patricia Bedient: Yeah, I think that's a fair statement, Mark, and again we'll get you that number. It will be out in the 10-K here in a couple of weeks.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then lastly how much of your timber sales go through your building products manufacturing businesses?
Thomas Gideon: I would say approximately 55, 60% in general go through.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay, great. And then the puppet's obviously show up in your timber business though you don't book that at cost of building products, I assume.
Thomas Gideon: No, all of our logs are transferred at market pricing.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you
Patricia Bedient: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Staphos with Banc of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Hi everyone and good morning. Few questions here. First of all adding maybe -- on the impairment in the fibers business, obviously, there are some cyclical challenges here, but what changed, and given my words not yours, so radically that there had to been an impairment within the business. Could you give us a bit more color there?
Patricia Bedient: Sure, was your question on Cellulose Fibers George?
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Yes it was Patty.
Patricia Bedient: Okay.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: But can you hear me okay?
Patricia Bedient: Yeah. Basically it has to do with the way that the impairment test is done under FAS 142. It is a point in time test. And you're looking at now 12/31 where all of your market caps and market multiples have decreased pretty radically.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Sure.
Patricia Bedient: And, we could have a philosophical debate about whether or not those are indicative of the long-term value of the business. But the accounting rules dictate that those are the values that we use so that's one of the big drivers of why those -- that impairment occurred in Cellulose Fibers even though we would look at that business very favorably in terms of it's focus on especially the absorbent markets and the ability of that product line to continue to be attractive. So, really as the function of the downturn that happened at the end of year especially in the markets of that business operate in. And then just globally if you just look at what has happened to market caps generally not only in our industry but others, you are seeing an incredible amount of goodwill impairments in a lot of industries coming out in the fourth quarter and that's primarily for that reason.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the color on that. I realize this is not the reason why you would do it and it's driven by the accounting rules, but I was curious do the write-downs and impairments of goodwill help you at all ultimately in the process at some point in time to convert to or did it really not get into the various calculations and tests?
Patricia Bedient: Yeah, it really doesn't help one way or the other because as you know, those tests are market value tests.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Got you.
Patricia Bedient: Has nothing to do with what's on our books.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Patty can you remind us to -- given the sale and now the tax is paid on containerboard, where do you stand in terms of maturities and again if you -- you mentioned at the beginning of the call but what's the cash on hand at the end of quarter?
Patricia Bedient: Yeah, the cash on hand at the end of the quarter and cash and short-term investments was about $2.4 billion. Our maturities for 2009 are approximately 450, 460, and then as you look forward into 2010, I believe, our maturities are around 40 million so they drop off pretty dramatically and then in '11 another 30 or $40 million.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Patricia Bedient: And as I'd mentioned also on the call, we do have available our $2.2 billion of credit lines. Those expire -- we have nothing outstanding under them but those expire, 1.2 billion of them expire in March of 2010 and the remainder 1 billion is at the end of 2011.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Last quick one; I didn't hear necessarily the answer to Rick's -- Rick Skidmore's earlier question in terms of when, Tom, you expect that you'll be cash neutral within wood products? Is that holding current fundamentals going forward? Is that something that is achievable within 2009? Thanks guys.
Thomas Gideon: Well that is certainly our goal. I can't give you an exact timeframe. It's a market that's continually been slipping away.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: I understand.
Thomas Gideon: We are constantly trying to get in front of that and we're going to accelerate the decisions we need to get us to cash neutral absolutely as quickly as we can. I can't give you a specific timeframe and hope soon we can attain that goal.
George Staphos - Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Just looking at whether it's 2009 or sometime beyond. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chercover with D.A. Davidson & Co., please go ahead.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you, good morning. First of all, can you give us an update on the status of your two new saw mills in Oregon and Washington?
Thomas Gideon: Sure. We have one in Santiam and the other one in Longview; they have started up, they are well along in their start up curve. The -- our goal there is to make sure that the most efficient and cost effective mills are in the west we're well along on where we're expected to be. So good progress.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: So they are both running in presumably the shuts you've taken in this region have been -- it's just cannibalization.
Thomas Gideon: I'm making sure that we're moving our volume to our most effective and efficient operations that we can.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great thanks. And secondly, can you tell us philosophically where you stand on timberland values. It seems like eventually you might be a timber REIT, certainly going through the motions, and some of your existing counterparts are for lack of better words arbitraging the market where they look at private timberland values and realize that they can buyback stock or do things with their own balance sheet by crystallizing some extremely good values right now. How do you feel about that?
Daniel Fulton: Steve, this is Dan. I don't want to comment about arbitraging. If your question is what do we think about timberland values, I'll have Tom address that because obviously we're in the market looking all the time, and Tom can you just address what you see in the market for timberland?
Thomas Gideon: Well sure Dan. We have seen as we've been in the market on an ongoing basis and what we've seen with some of our recent third parties with Potlatch sale that we basically seen holding up at timberland prices. We haven't seen a significant diminishment or acceleration of prices and so they've been holding fairly steady in the marketplace.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Well I would agree that we haven't seen a decline, so if someone was to offer you what you thought was good value given the current environment, might you crystallize a little bit?
Daniel Fulton: Well we are always interested in looking at the best way to create value and add return back to the shareholders and we've got to take that on a case-by-case basis.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Patricia Bedient: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anna Torma with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead.
Anna Torma - Soleil Securities: Thank you. Just revisiting Mark Weintraub's question on real estate impairments. Can you give us the sense of what percentage of communities may have been impaired to-date? And what percentage of communities you've impaired more than once at this point?
Thomas Gideon: Sure. Anna this is Tom. I think if that -- if you were to look at the land that we'd purchased let's say kind of -- as I said in the run up, post let's say 2002 for our -- kind of in our home building operations we have impaired approximately close to two-thirds of it. And I'd say a good portion of that we have impaired of more than one time. If you look at our kind of entire portfolio when we do have some significant holdings that are prior to 2002, we are probably looking at something on the order of maybe about a third.
Anna Torma - Soleil Securities: Great, that helps a lot. And could you talk about some -- the kind of percentage reduction you might be seeing in the number of communities you had in '08. And what reduction you might expect in '09. And do you expect your footprint to change? Are you going to completely exit some markets or enter new markets? Thanks.
Thomas Gideon: Sure. We do not anticipate our footprint changing at all. Notwithstanding all of the challenges and the difficulties we like the markets that we're in. We saw about a 25% decline in our number of communities in '08 or excuse me, from '07 to '08. We would anticipate that being probably a little bit less today. And really its going to be a function as we are out there in the communities and we are seeing kind of how the market shapes up if we can be generating cash and being cash positive -- have a good position and able to get some sales and velocity, we will continue to operate those communities if we find conditions change where we're no longer able to do that then we'll revisit that and make a determination to close the community.
Anna Torma - Soleil Securities: Great. Thanks very much.
Patricia Bedient: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Claudia Hueston with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Hi, thanks very much. I was hoping you could just give an update on your SG&A initiatives, where you are from the timing perspective. And how we should think about those comings through in 2009 and then should we expect a lower corporate expense rate going forward.
Daniel Fulton: Claudia, it's Dan. When we announced the initiative in the mid part of last year we had targeted savings at the corporate level of $375 million. And we believe that we could achieve a run-rate of 50% of that by year-end 2008, 90% by the end of 2009. We are ahead of that rate at this point in time. And so I believe that certainly you'll see in the 2009 numbers a good part of that 375 come through our P&L. To give you a little flavor, from year-end 2007 to year-end 2008, our total headcount dropped 47%. Now that includes the elimination of our containerboard business both direct employees but also the indirect that supported them. And, at the staff level, which supports all of our businesses over that 12-month period we've seen a decline in headcount of 31%. We've made a lot of change. I would suggest that the 375 was a number that we started with in midyear. We are continuing to look for opportunities to find additional savings. So I am confident we'll have hit the 375 but I think you will see more.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe could you just comment on the importance, how you feel about sort of your credit rating and the importance of investment grade to you right now at this point?
Patricia Bedient: Claudia, this is Patty. I think as we look at our investment grade rating, it has been important to us. And we believe it's important going forward as it relates to our liquidity. So I don't think we have any change in the way that we think about it.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you. Operator: Thank you. And at this time there are no further questions.
Daniel Fulton: Okay. I'll take a minute to just sum up the call. I'll make a few concluding comments. Going back to December and certainly today you heard us acknowledge that we face some unprecedented challenges as we look at the economy today. The uncertainty of the timing of recovery is what drove actions that we took in December and continue to frame actions that we take in all of our businesses. We are moving daily with urgency and decisiveness to adjust to these markets. Adjusting capacity is necessary and even strategy is necessary. We've got disciplined cost control in effect in all of our businesses and support operations. At this point we are focused on action by congress to help stabilize the economy. We believe that they are addressing the need of fixing housing first which would create some stabilization of home prices. And following that we need a stabilization of employment and more than anything else is stabilization of consumer sentiment. One of the things that we saw significantly changed in the fourth quarter of the year as it relates to housing which of course affects most of our business activity is the -- what we called is capitulation of the homebuyer. So they went from being concerned about dropping prices to whether or not they had a job. And as every success of announcement comes out regarding employment, you see unemployment increasing; that's a concern, we got to get that fixed. Nevertheless we continue to affirm our long-term strategy. Timberlands are our core and we are going to continue to develop the Timberlands asset in all of its aspects. The land, timber, our minerals and energy, our biomass potential, and then the potential that comes from carbon. The markets for all of our products and all of our businesses continue to be supported by some demographics long-term, and so we like the businesses that we are in. And when the recovery begins we will be ready. My takeaway from this morning's call is that you'd like to see some greater disclosure on our Timberlands assets and our Real Estate assets, and we will respond to you and I think you can look for the increased Timberlands exposure -- disclosure in the 10-K and the investor guidance. And thank you very much for your attention this morning.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Weyerhaeuser 2008 fourth quarter earnings conference call. If you like to listen to our replay of today's conference, please dial 303-590-3000 or 1-800-405-2236 followed by passcode 11125016. ECT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - VP of IR Daniel S. Fulton - President and CEO Thomas F. Gideon - EVP, Forest Products Patricia M. Bedient - CFO and EVP
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Gail Glazerman - UBS Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan Chip Dillon - Dillon Research Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management Keith Wiley - Goldman Sachs Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser 2008 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today, Friday, October 31, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you, Mitch and welcome to Weyerhaeuser's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I'm Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Dan Fulton, President and CEO; Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President, Forest Products. The call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at the website, or by contacting April Meier at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter 2008 net earnings of $280 million or $1.33 per diluted share. This includes an after-tax gains of $303 million or $1.44 per diluted share on the sale of the container board packaging and recycling business, to international paper on August 4th. An after-tax gain of $158 million or $0.75 per diluted share on the sale of the Australian operations; real estate and related after-tax charges of $144 million or $0.69 per diluted share; an after-tax charge of $24 million or $0.11 per diluted share for asset impairments in wood products, and after-tax charge of $10 million or $0.05 per diluted share for restructuring activities. Excluding these items, the company had a net loss of $3 million or $0.01 per diluted share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website, in the information... in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart four in this package, as I will next discuss the waterfall chart. Chart four is the bar chart detailing the changes in earnings per share on a segment basis, from the second quarter of 2008, to the third quarter of 2008. As noted, in the first bar on chart four in second quarter 2008, the company earned $0.03 per share. Changes in Weyerhaeuser segment earnings from the second quarter to the third quarter were as follows, and this is proceeding from the left to the right across the waterfall chart, beginning with the timberland segment. Lower prices and volumes in timberlands were more than offset by income from oil and gas, mineral, land sales and lower transportation fuel costs, increasing timberland earnings by $0.01 per share. Lower wood products, manufacturing costs and higher prices offset volume declines, resulting in a wood products' earnings increase of $0.06 per share. Operating efficiency improvements less schedule maintenance downtime and higher pulp prices increased cellulose fibers earnings $0.10 per share. The containerboard packaging and recycling business was sold to international paper August 4th, five weeks into the quarter. This resulted in a decline of $0.28 per share in earnings. A loss on a California land sale more than offset improved single family home prices due to mix, lowering real estate earnings $0.15 per share. Included in the $0.22 per share increase in corporate and other income, is a $0.25 per share benefit from an increase in the effective tax rate applied to the year-to-date loss. The final bar to the right of the chart is the third quarter 2008 loss before special items of $0.01 per share. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Kathy. There is little doubt that we're facing extraordinary market conditions. Single family housing starts have dropped more than 65% from peak 2006 levels. Medium prices of new homes are below September 2004 levels. Consumer confidence is the lowest since tracking began in 1967 and tight credit threatens any near term recovery. Against this backdrop, we stated this morning that we expect that the housing market will remain difficult. Such a slowdown effects and challenges the majority of the businesses in our portfolio and we're prepared to take the necessary actions that these unstable market conditions demand. Although the outlook is gloomy, we've worked hard to position ourselves to emerge stronger and more competitive than before. Our strength begins with the very core of our company, more than 6 million acres of timberlands, which we intensively manage in order to extract maximum value on a long-term sustainable basis. In addition to the timber, we're tapping other revenue sources from this land, such as oil, gas and minerals. We complement this valuable asset with a closely aligned set of businesses that leverage our core competencies and boast some of the most efficient manufacturing operations in the industry. Even before the current economic conditions became widespread, we were working closely with our customers to ensure that our production met their demands, without creating unnecessary inventory. The recent $6 billion sale of our containerboard packaging and recycling business to international paper allowed us to strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our liquidity. This provides us with valuable flexibility to weather these turbulent markets. As announced last quarter, we're eliminating 1,500 corporate level positions and taking other steps to achieve $375 million in annual savings, which will further improve our financial and competitive position. As we manage through the downturn, we'll continue to look for additional and sustainable savings. Our strength also positions us for a future where we use our trees and land in ways unimagined a decade ago. Today, we use these resources to produce with products, build homes and produce cellulose fiber products. In addition, we've been generating increased revenues from mineral and energy resources on our lands and are focused on creating new opportunities from biofuels, biochemicals and carbon credits. There is no other renewable and sustainable resource that can do as much as a forest. More importantly, there is no company in North America with the vision, commitment, capacity and technology to do as much with timberlands as Weyerhaeuser. We're facing unprecedented conditions across the entire economy and we expect these conditions to continue. We're taking actions in response to this downturn and we'll prepare to do more if necessary. But we'll make those moves from a position of strength, a position based on the resource that's core to our company and enhanced by our strategies and competencies. We're prepared with the current tight times, but equally important we'll be ready for the recovery. Now to describe the third quarter performance of our timberland and forest products businesses, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom Gideon.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Thank you, Dan. During the third quarter, we continued to adjust to change in market conditions while maintaining our excellent safety performance. As Dan mentioned, we do not expect market conditions to improve in the near term. In response, we continue to balance our production with demand. This morning, I'll discuss the three businesses that comprise our forest products group: timberlands, wood products and cellulose fibers. Patty Bedient will include real estate in her report. Beginning with timberlands which is on chart five, earnings for the third quarter were slightly improved over second quarter. This was due primarily to an increase in oil and gas revenues compared with the prior quarter. We also benefited from an increase in the sales of non-strategic timberlands. In the West, log prices continued to soften due to the sustained low levels of lumber demand in the California market. Although, overall harvest levels were seasonably lower, we have continued to make progress and salvaging wood damage during last December storms. This is a complicated and dangerous test, but our cruise are making great progress and we plan to complete the salvage efforts in Washington by the end of the first quarter in 2009 in an Oregon towards the middle of next year. We started on this work before others in the industry, and this head start combined with our long working relationships with customers in Asia has allowed us to find the markets for that wood. Our export sales remained relatively stable and log prices increased, mainly driven by tight log inventories in the West. We are closely monitoring these markets to see how they are reacting to the global economic slowdown. In the South, great realizations were up slightly as less than half of the normal timber volume came to market. We also continued to see a solid contribution from our minerals group, primarily from our North Louisiana ownership. In both the West and South, we started to experience lower operating costs as diesels fuel prices began to ease. Moving now to wood products, I would direct your attention to chart six and seven. Overall, sales realizations were up across all major product lines as our supply better matched our demand. However, demand continued to drop throughout the quarter and that decline accelerated at quarters end due to the weaker housing starts that Dan referenced. We noted on previous calls our aggressive actions to adjust production to our projected demand and we are applying that same discipline and diligence on a real time basis as we look forward. We continued to focus on effectively managing our controllable costs, our operating efficiencies and our inventories. One example, we've reduced working capital by $324 million compared with third quarter of last year, with $53 million of that coming in the third quarter of this year. Now turning to chart eight, our cellulose fibers business improved both its financial and operating performance in the third quarter. Several of our facilities set production records as the segment's industry efficiency measures increased to 90.5% compared with 89.3% in the second quarter. This 1.2% improvement produces an incremental 130 days per ton across the cellulose fibers business. Sales realizations improved and maintenance costs were favorable compared to the second quarter as we had less scheduled maintenance downturn. Increases in chemical and freight costs slightly offset these improvements. Cellulose fibers is well positioned to adapt to the changing market conditions. We have a strong presence in fluff pulp and continue to enhance our position in specialty fiber markets. We also have annual contracts with volume commitments with our key customers. And we continued to monitor our inventories closely to ensure we keep them balanced with our sales. While we are in uncharted market conditions, we will continue to safely improve our operating performance by focusing on the business fundamentals and balancing productions against expected demand. We have made and will continue to make the necessary decisions to get us through this down cycle and favorably position ourselves for the upturn. I will now turn the call over to Pattie Bedient.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Thanks Tom and good morning. As Tom said, in addition to the fourth quarter outlook that I normally cover, I'll briefly discuss the third quarter performance of our real estate operations. Before I began my comments regarding the real estate segment, please refer to chart 10 in the presentation. Our real estate operations recorded pre-tax impairments of $235 million in the third quarter. In addition, an acreage transaction resulted in a pre-tax loss of $87 million. The loss from homebuilding operations was slightly lower than the previous quarter due to the mix of homes closed and lower selling expenses. Despite the lower loss from our homebuilding operation, the housing industry continues to be challenged by a series of adverse market and economic trend. Declining employment levels over the last several months, a lack of consumer confidence and the recent disruption in the financial markets are clearly evidenced in our slow traffic and new order trend. Home prices continued to decline in virtually every market. Vacant inventories are at record levels and foreclosure actions are increasing, particularly in the weakest markets. Land values remain under pressure with prices linked to trends in housing prices. In response builders have reduced housing starts, resulting in a declining absolute volume of unsold new home inventories. In recent months, sales of existing homes have increased year-over-year in Phoenix and certain California markets, driven by a significant foreclosure sale. While the pricing environment is discouraging, affordability is improving and the market will ultimately benefit from the clearing effect as existing home inventories have moved of peak levels. Our markets weakens throughout the third quarter. Homebuyer prospects scares the number to begin with, same to withdraw from active home search. And significant number of homebuyers continue to have difficulty in selling their existing homes. In addition, buyers were discouraged by tightened market standards. This was reflected on our contract cancellation rate of 36% during the quarter. We entered the fourth quarter with a sales backlog of less than four months compared to five months a year ago. We expect the number of fourth quarter closings to be comparable to the third, but at a lower average sales price realization. As a result, excluding the effects from impairments and land or loss sales, the real estate segments loss from homebuilding operation is likely to increase in the fourth quarter. Business conditions continued to be extremely difficult, and will likely remain so until buyers can be confident that the home purchase today won't be worthless tomorrow. In response, our homebuilding companies continues to right size their organizations for expected market conditions, and remain focused on generating cash through operations. Now, I'll turn to the fourth quarter outlook for our forest product operations and wrap-up with some additional financial comments. Beginning with timberlands, tree harvest is expected to decrease in the fourth quarter as a result of weakening domestic markets due to reduced mill operating postures and the seasonal downturn. Realizations are also softening, especially for Southern great logs. Export markets in the West are still holding up, and should offset some of the weakness in the domestic market. Overall, timberland segment earnings for the fourth quarter will likely be lower than the third. In our wood product business, we expect residential constructions activity to decline in the fourth quarter. Although fourth quarter is typically, seasonally slower than the third quarter, we anticipate that the recent upsets in the financial markets will further exacerbate the already depressed level of housing starts, as I discussed earlier. Average price realizations are projected to be down in most products, with lumber and OSB being especially effected. Likewise, sales volumes are also predicted to be lower than the third quarter levels. While we may get some positive improvements in raw material and manufacturing costs, we expect that the loss in our wood products operations will worsen in the fourth quarter as compared to the third. Pulp prices in our sale of fiber segment are softening in response to weakening global markets, and rising inventory levels worldwide. Paper grade markets have been hardest hit, and there is now some reduction announced for fluff prices as well. The weakening Canadian dollar will offer some earnings benefit. Overall, we expect that earnings in our sale of fiber segment will be slighter lower in the fourth quarter compared to the third. Now, I'll wrap up with some financial comments. During the third quarter, we used proceeds from our asset sales to pay-off our short-term line, and meet scheduled debt maturities. As shown on chart 12, as of the end of the third quarter we had debt outstanding of $6.8 billion and cash and short-term investments of $4.8 billion. In addition, we had no borrowings outstanding under our bank credit line. These lines represents available credit of $2.2 billion. We have debt maturities of about $400 million in the fourth quarter and about $600 million in 2009. In addition, at our recent Board meeting, the Directors declared the regular dividend of $0.60 per share which will be paid in December. This amounts to just under a $130 million. In December, we will also have a large tax payment to make primarily as a result of the containerboard packaging sales, and we expect this will be around $1.4 billion. Cash flow from operations as well as capital expenditures are not included on the slide. But through the first three quarters of the year, Weyerhaeuser Company spends approximately $320 million for capital expenditures. And we anticipate spending approximately a $100 million in the fourth quarter. Our strong liquidity position provides us valuables flexibility, and then navigating these uncertain times, we expect to use this flexibility to create additional value for shareholders, as we evaluate and balance alternatives for returning cash to shareholders, debt repayment, continued restructuring and disciplined support for growing our operations. Now, I'll turn the call back to Dan and I look forward to your questions.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Patty. Yesterday, I returned from a trip to Arkansas, where I met with the leadership of our Southern timberlands and lumber organizations, spending time in the fields, observing firsthand some of our Southern operations. There were a number of interesting aspects of the visit, but the most energizing was seeing the pride and determination of our employees. In this particular visit, I met with people who everyday lace up their boots, don their safety gear and head into our woods and mills with the singular focus of safely maximizing the return from our resources. For them that's not a term or slogan. It's a way of life. And as I look at our challenges ahead, I gain confidence from the strength of our balance sheet, our liquidly and what we've done to improve our competitive position as the economy recovers. These are important and critical, but most of my confidence comes from the people that I have spent the last two days with, our committed employees. Throughout Weyerhaeuser, we have employees focused on doing everything possible to ensure that our world leading timberland resource and manufacturing assets are managed and used to the benefit of investors and customers. This dedication will get us through these challenging times, and will create the exciting future that we envision for Weyerhaeuser. And now, we'll open the call to your questions.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Mitch, could you please open the line? Question And Answer
Operator: Yes ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from George Staphos with Banc of America Securities. Go ahead please.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. Hi everyone, good morning. Couple of questions. First Dan, I guess or Tom, in wood products in light of the economy and the extended downtime, we're likely to see at the mills. Is there anything that you need to do differently from a maintenance standpoint during this time of the year than you would normally do? And if so, are there any financial implications from that? And I had a couple of follow-ons.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Okay, George. With respect to maintenance, I don't know if there is anything differently that we need to be doing. As you know, we conduct our maintenance on an ongoing basis throughout the year as its appropriate to make the adjustments we need to make. So from that respect, I don't see anything unusual occurring.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Dan, if we look bigger picture, the sales of paper and containerboard look to be pretty well timed in light of the economy. That said, obviously Rico and with products right now are going through very, very difficult periods. Has your long-term view on the prospects for these businesses changed at all over the last year or so? If not, why not, if so, if you could share a couple of detail there?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: ThanksGeorge. Long-term view is not changed. Clearly, the housing market that we find ourselves in is tougher than what we had predicted. I've used the term unprecedented a number of times in presentations and comments to employees and I really do believe that the cycle that we're in is unprecedented. And we believe those businesses are both positioned to be leaders in their industries and with recovery they are positioned to gain share. And so, our view is not changed, but clearly we've been dealing with a really tough market situation.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Two detailed questions and then I'll turn it over. One, what do you think the operating tax rate was in the quarter end? And two, what was the acreage sale loss of $87 million related to? Thanks.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, I'll take the first one, George. And I guess I'll turn the other over to Dan. The tax rate for the year... the effective tax rate is just over 42% and so that is the rate that we used through the year-to-date operations, through September. And we would anticipate that that 42 will be the year end rate. Now, let me remind you that 42%, when we're in a loss position which is where we are from the loss from continuing operation, the bigger the tax rate the better in terms of computing that benefit. And included in that benefit is the benefit that we will receive as the part of the capital gains rate differential that comes with harvesting timber as a result of the of the TREE Act.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Right.And the $87 million acreage loss?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: George, that was a property that Pardee had been developing in Sacramento. It was one that we initiated a couple of years ago. Before the downturn, they had improved and partially improved lots. It actually opened up sales, and initial models. And as the market continued to deteriorate, we shut the project down, mothball the project, and the intent was to hold it off the market for several years, until the market recovered. We received an unsolicited offer for the property, and determined that given the certainty of the cycle, it was an opportunity for us to monetize the asset. And so we elected to sell it.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks Dan.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS. Go ahead please.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi. Dan, maybe going back to the answer on George's question, if you haven't change your long-term view as the market downturn worsen, are you seeing any opportunities arise that that would interest you in terms of growing the business thoughtfully?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we are looking all the time Gail. And I think that there will be opportunities that will emerge. Our focus at this point is to maintain a strong and operating position as we can with our existing assets. We still view the market as highly uncertain. And so, we're being cautious, although we are watching but I wouldn't expect any sudden moves from us.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And just to clarify obviously, given what's been happening over the last month, you are increasingly cautious. Back in September, you had talked about a hope for maybe, a little bit a price recovering, and with products 2009, and maybe ending the year with hope for volume improvement at the variant. Has that been pushed out, is it fair to assume?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't give you target quarter. I think we were more optimistic when we spoke even six or eight weeks ago, because the credit markets have deteriorated more. We've seen a direct impact on not only our housing sales, but sales across the country. And so that puts us in a more cautious position, as we look to a recovery. And I think we have to... in some part, look to Congress, and the Treasury, and the Fed, and see what actions they take in order to stabilize the economy and perhaps, provide some impetus or some recovery in housing. But at this point, housing starts are significantly off, and I think the market has really moved to the sidelines, pending some greater clarity.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And just last question on fluff pulp, can you give a little bit of insight into exactly what you are seeing in terms of both supply and demand on the fluff pulp side that's driving prices lower.? I mean, obviously paper pulp is weaker. But how is that flowing in the threshold?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Gail, as you know we have a very strong position in the fluff pulp market. You've seen global economic conditions kind of impact demand worldwide. You've seen the China demand diminished significantly. And so you've seen reaction to that. And you've seen a significant announcement across the industry, in terms of market related downtime. We are well-positioned with our key customers. We have a good standing history with them. We're providing quality product long-term. It's a growing market. We're positioned to grow with them. And we're working closely with them, as we go forward. And we're really pleased that how well our demand held up with our key customer group.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. But I mean is your sense of threshold demand has followed, or seen the same type of contraction, say magnetic contraction that's happened in paper pulp then?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: I think the issue that you're seen in the marketplace isn't demand driven, it's where you might have some incremental supply that maybe coming into the market, from people who haven't previously participated in that segment of the pulp segment.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, okay. Great, it's on the slide. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Mark Connelly, with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Just two things first, when you look at the new revenue streams, oil and gas, and mineral rates which were already there and then some of the newer stuff that you are hoping to develop, how much less volatile do those streams look to you, relative to the existing streams? I mean, are we seeing a process of derisking in your business, as we are seeing in ours? And the second question is about you lumber customers, both on the industrial and retail side. Certainly, across consumer retail we're seeing big changes in terms between customers and suppliers. Are you changing your terms, are you running into credit issues or seeing terms change around you?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: You want to address both of those?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Okay. In terms of the, your second question first, on lumber customers, obviously it's a tough economic environment. But we have not changed our trends. We're working well with our customers and monitoring it, and we're comfortable where we are with respect to our positions with them. In terms of new revenue streams, those are still in the potential to come out as you think about where might be in area of biofuels, where we might in area of biochemicals as well as in the carbon credit arena. So, over time that potential for that area will play out. We, as to what the risk factor that may be, we'll have to understand that going forward but we are exited about the potential in those areas to augment and to complement with what we are already doing in our main segments.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Well if you look at --
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Forget to add a point, a lot of these new potential product streams are related to oil prices and given the volatility that we've seen, there are surely some short-term concerns but long-term. We have a view that oil prices are rising. And I think what they do is they do create a pressure towards shifting from some oil based chemicals to some cellulose based chemicals. And we think that simply as an additional revenue potential that runs through the timberland and we view that is a real positive long-term. So it gives us some greater flexibility and it presents an opportunity for us, particularly in the biomass area to perhaps harvest fiber off of the lands that today is just being less than the woods.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. This question is for Patty, specifically which regards to the pension, as I look in the footnote, it looks like you had a pretty material swing in your pension income and your post-retirement credits in the quarter. And it look like it's actually a bigger swing than what sort of inferred in the 10-Q for the second quarter. Can you talk about what drove that swing?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure. There is a number of things that are impacting those numbers, both on the pension and in terms of post retirement. And it depends upon which period you are measuring. But just going back to the second quarter, you'll recall that we did make some changes in our other post-retirement benefits, primarily in our retiree medical which reduced those liabilities. As we come in to the third quarter, we have the containerboard transactions that we executed at the end of July, first of August. The significance of that transaction did require that we rewind the assets at that time and addition in conjunction with that transfer... with that transaction we also transferred some of the assets for one of our union plans which was very over funded, which was the requirement of the plan. And so there is a combination of impacts that are associated with that, both in terms of retirement benefits coming from retiree medical as well as the pension.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: And how does that look going into the fourth quarter? Should we expect the same level of sort of pension income and credits in the fourth quarter or does that tail-off in the fourth quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: I think that the pension income will be from the ongoing operations will likely be as significant in the fourth quarter as they have been in the third.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Peter Ruschmeier from Barclays. Go ahead please.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thanks, good morning. I want to ask a question if I could about the dividend. I believe your old payout ratio used to be 20% to 30% of operating cash flow with the cycle, but clearly the company has changed. And as curious, maybe Dan or Patty if you could help us to think through what metrics should we be thinking about, we try to determine what that level dividend is over the cycle?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as we share Pete, our policy has been to take range of 20% to 30% of cash flow over the cycle. As we've talked before, we are certainly in the downward portion of that cycle right now with respect to our wood products business, our homebuilding business, and even our timberlands. So the Board looks at the longer term, cyclicality of the businesses. We have received significant cash flow from the sale of assets over the past year. And that's been a factor in the Board determination of the ability to maintain the dividend at current level. As you know, it's an ongoing Board decision that is made. And at this point, I can't give you further guidance as to whether or not that range will change in the future.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Okay. Fair enough. I just hope, I could ask a follow-up, in terms of your latest thinking on, how you think about the REIT possibility, if you can update us with your thoughts there. And I guess on a related note, are there any technical reasons why if you chose to payout in the E&P distribution, why that couldn't be done this year, in essence in an effort to limit the tax leakage to just 15%? Or said differently, are there any reasons why you would absolutely not want to consider that?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Pete, this is Patty and I'll take that. In terms of our current thinking as we announced last month, we said at that point in time that given the changes in our portfolio and our assets that it might be possible for us to meet the retest in '09. And we still think that could be the case. And so, in order to preserve our auction to be able to do that, we have continued to move forward to position the company to make the couple of technical changes that would be required for REIT election. And those are the calendar year change, as well as the change in the legal organization setting up a separate subsidiary for the non-requalified assets. In terms of the payout of the E&P, you can payout dividends to shareholders at any point in time. The E&P would be as we referenced in the past, as of the end of '08 we expect that would be about $1.3 billion in cash, if we elected to payout 20% of it in cash. But indeed, the whole $6.5 billion would be taxable to shareholders. As it relates to tax legislation, it is something that we are monitoring very closely. And there are a lot of moving parts, as we all know both with changes in possible administration, both in terms of capital gains rates going forward. There are no announced changes for '09. And it would be highly unusual for Congress to put into place a tax change, and make it retroactive as opposed to prospective. So, I think we'll have some visibility and some time to think about that as we put that into the mix, with all of our other decisions going forward.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: That's very helpful. If I could just a quick one for Dan, I'll turn it over. I am curious Dan, how you think about the Russian export log duty situations, and how that may feed into what you're actually seeing in the markets, in terms of log export demand, and pricing in Asia in particular? Thanks very much.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to let Tom address that one, Pete.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Yes, Pete with respect to the Russian log tariff situation, as you know they have announced that as of 1/1/09 they'll go up to 80%. All indications are that that is still something that is going to occur. As we've reported last time and it continues today, we've seen increased opportunities for our products in the international markets, as a result of that. So particularly, if I've just mentioned the export log situation, we'll continue to see improvement in our volumes going to both China as well as Korea. So, it is an opportunity as we see it going forward.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Pete, I think the other potential impact of the Russian taxes is that it should have the effect of driving up fiber prices for the Scandinavian pulp producers. So that may provide some benefit to us.
Peter Ruschmeier - Barclays Capital: Thanks very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Claudia Hueston with J.P. Morgan. Go ahead please.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Thanks very much. Good morning. I was hoping, if you could just talk a little bit about the wood products business, in terms of how much of your capacity is down? And then if you've any sense of how much of industry lumber capacity is down, that would be helpful as well?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Well Claudia, as a general overview, if you look at the most recent report I've seen, lumber production is going down anywhere between 20 billion and 25 billion square feet, since the year 2006 period. So it's been significant in our case, as we mentioned in our last call, we're at around 30% in terms of where we've been on a lumber and more than that in both our OSP and engineered with products. It's something that we continue to monitor. It's one of those things on an ongoing basis; we need to ensure that our production is meeting our expected demand. And so, we're adjusting as appropriate.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. And then I know it's little early, but do you have any sense of what capital spending will look like for 2009 or maybe any idea just what maintenance capital is now for the remaining businesses?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Sure, Claudia. As it relates to 2009 it is early. So, the end of the year as we talk about our end of 2008 and going into 2009, but let me say that we are looking very carefully at capital expenditures in terms of... of the levels that would be absolutely necessary to continue to meet the requirements of keeping our operations in good running condition. And we'll be cautious about starting new projects. However, that amount has not been determined at this point.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then just a quick on the corporate expense, do you have some sort of estimates for what we should expect there in the fourth quarter? Its jumped around a lot this year.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, it does jump around a lot because there are a lot of very unique items that all roll into that corporate expense number. Ongoing just expense is probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $30 million a quarter, but again, having said that, there are number of items that could change that significantly. Couple of that just that comes to mind are variables; stock compensation and stock prices move around, foreign exchange et cetera that also get wrapped into that.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then as your sort of corporate overhead program comes into place, will the bulk of that benefit be in that corporate segment or more of that would be in the operating segments?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Can you repeat the question?
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: As your $350 million in your cost improvement program rolls in, will the benefits of that be more weighed towards the corporate segment or will we see that more in the operating segments?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: That's more heavily weighed towards the corporate segment.
Claudia Hueston - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Chip Dillon with Dillon Research. Go ahead please.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Research: Hi, good morning. My question, Patty, getting back to the REIT election, if you could do that, is there anything that can... or do you feel constrained let's say if you look at sort of recent run rates of the income streams and the non-REIT eligible businesses? And I would also assume that pretty much all the debt of the company would have to be in that taxable REIT subsidiary as well, except for I think about $1billion. So when you think about the interest expense, the run rate of the combined three entities, pulp, wood products and homebuilding, do you see that as a constraint possibly in 2009 or do you have ways you can ever come back?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well Chip, you've really touched on a number of moving parts that you think about, looking at specifically 2009. As you referenced, you would obviously want to put as much debt in the taxable REIT subsidiary as possible, because of the fact that it gives you the tax benefit of those interest payments. And also I would remind you that not all of the timber income, that being some of the other value streams besides the actual harvest value of the income, would also go into the taxable REIT. So there are a number of mixes both in terms of what it looks like in '09, what it looks like in terms of its timber income that certainly make it challenging to look forward with clarity about what will happen in 2009. And I think that's why we said that while we don't have clarity about those today, that we want to be in a position to be able to make that, have the option to make that election, if indeed it does look like the best decision going forward. There are number of other things as you think about 2009. If we were to elect REIT status, any loss in the taxable REIT subsidiary would have to be carried forward as opposed to carry back against the gains that we have in 2008. So, that's why as we said we have not made any election about REIT status at this point, but what we are doing is putting the company in the best position with the most options available to create the highest value once we do have more clarity.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Research: Got you. And just to understand, that was very good clarification actually. If you didn't elect tax REIT status in '09, then you could I guess this I would assume there is some gain in '08 from the containerboard in Australian transactions that you could use to offset any tax losses in 2009, if you were not to be a REIT, is that correct?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: That's correct.
Chip Dillon - Dillon Research: Okay, got you. And then lastly, maybe you could address a little bit about what you are seeing in the housing area, obviously there is... it's a tough call because of the financial turmoil. But I know a few months ago I think you all were seeing maybe a little bit of daylight in the DC suburbs and nowhere else. But would you say that there is been any signs of any change? I noticed that your average house price actually was up in the third versus the second quarter. So, I didn't know if there is any like second derivative changes that you are seeing in the market that might indicate that's the bottom for all?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well,Jim we were seeing some light in Washington DC market. It seemed to have been stabilizing in part because resale prices had dropped enough that there was creating a little bit of a balance between re-sales and new home prices. We were starting to see some stability in the costal markets in California, particularly San Diego, our longer term higher value markets. And what we've seen recently is buyers generally moving to the sidelines with publicity in the financial markets over the last let's say 45 days. The impact on homeowners with their 401 (k), their sense of where they are with respect to equity challenges in reselling their homes. We've seen as our numbers show an uptick in cancellation rates and we are continuing to sell houses in every single market, but we are looking at this every week and it's very choppy. And our sense is that homebuyers need to regain some confidence that the financial markets are stable before they really start to show up and make purchase. The other thing that we're seeing at the low end is continued challenges in qualifying for mortgages. So higher down payments, higher required FICO scores, which make it more difficult for that first time homebuyer. So, we're still expecting housing sales to be rough for some period of time
Chip Dillon - Dillon Research: Got you. Well, thank you very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead please.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Dan is it possible to talk a little bit about the write-downs you've taken in real estate over the last couple of quarters, where have they been at and where are at in the process of kind of evaluating further charges? As I mentioned we've seen some greater stability in Washington DC, and on a spot basis we'll still see impairments. But what we do is we react to the pricing of our competitors. And so as prices may fall, we re-evaluate the absorption and the pricing required to build out of project and that may cause the need for impairments. In the last quarter, roughly half of those impairments related to the need to reduce prices, reduce assumptions on absorption and in some cases redesign product. The other determination that we make in looking at impairments is the long-term intent and strategy for the property. And so if we are building it out and selling homes, then we have to in essence mark-to-market based upon an competition, if it's a longer term land position, where we still maybe doing through an retirement process and have a longer time perspective, we evaluate the cost to hold and likely value in the market, when we would come to market. And so, the geography has shifted a bit over the last 12 to 24 months. As you know we took earlier impairments in Arizona, where we had purchased land in 2006. And now as we evaluate the portfolio every quarter, we are seeing impairments needed to be taken in markets as I said California and Nevada and we've taken some in the Puget Sound area.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's very good. I wondered if I could also just talk a little bit about whether you'd be willing to participate in some consolidation and maybe further rationalizations over in the wood products area. I mean to the extent of this housing downturn goes on longer; we had a lot of capacity added in many of the wood products businesses over the last three of four years, any thoughts on that?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we evaluate the industry in all of the businesses that we are in. We are cautious at this point because of the uncertainty in the market. We're also mindful of the asset in income test that we would face if we elect REIT status. And so that does impact our view of potential strategy moves in the wood product sector or cellulose fiber sector, or even the real estate sector. Not to rule them out, but that's part of the process that we used to evaluate longer term structural issues, as it may relate to our strategy.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And finally, could you just tell us, I see that some of the old TJ assets went, I think with the sale of that commercial building products operation. What's really left from TJ? Or said another way, how big were those sales as part of TJ?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Well, Mark, that you are right. It was the commercial component of the TJ product plans; it was a relatively small portion of the total sales that we have. With respect to TJ, we're in the full range of engineered products which includes Parallam timber strand, Microllam well as our TJI Joists components. So, we're fully going forward with those product lines as well. But anyway, we're going to continue to focus on the residential market it has been our strategy.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, Very good. Thanks.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: I think, the other thing that we want just reiterate their markets that we have signed a letter of intent. So, we've not sold those assets yet, so we're still in that process. But as Tom said, it is really a very small part of the TJ business, probably revenue of well under a $100 billion for the year.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Management. Go ahead please.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management: Thank you. First Patty, I just wanted to clarify on the tax, maybe I am calculating this wrong, but, when I was looking at chart one, it looked like the pre-tax income was minus $99 million. So, if I'm going to have a net earnings of minus 3, doesn't that mean I had a tax provision of plus $96 million, so I didn't quite see how the 42% fitted with that?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, it does get a little confusing, Mark. So let me try and put it some clarity on that. Because you have not only the change in the tax rate going on and affecting the quarter, but we do need to catch up the tax rate used for prior quarters as well. So if you were to go into our Analyst Package, you'll see that the lost year-to-date through September 30, is about I think $1.2 billion from continuing operations. We have to take and add back to that about a $100 million, which was the gain in the second quarter from the restructuring of our Uruguay and join ventures. The reason you added back as there is no tax on that gain because there is no Uruguayan tax because of the forestry exemption there, and those are definitely invested in South America. So there is no U.S. tax. So take the year-to-date loss, add a $100 million and take that times about 42%. So this is just the year-to-date piece. And then we had I think in the second quarter or earlier in the year about $16 million or so Fin 48 one items, discrete items that need to be added back to that. That should get you pretty close to the 570ish; I think maybe 574 that's in the Analysts Package for income taxes year-to-date through September 30. And then you've got to catch up the difference between what we had for income taxes through this end of the second quarter, with what we have at the end of the third quarter. And that difference all goes through the second quarter. That's why when Kathy was walking you through the chart on page, I think it's chart four, Kathy?
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Yes, chart four.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: That see a big green bar in the corporate and other segments that is all related to the tax rate.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management: Okay. I think I got it. But all that difference went through the third quarter, right not the second quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Correct.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management: Okay. So, basically it's 42 % year-to-date, it was a much higher number in the third quarter. But that was catch-up for the first two quarters.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Correct.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management: Got it, okay. And then, for the fourth quarter we should use the 42%. Okay. And then second, on the real estate business, first just, I see you've now got long-term debt of $501 million. Is that recourse to Weyerhaeuser or non-recourse?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President, Forest Products: Yes,the $500 million is non-recourse to Weyerhaeuser. It's a Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company debt market.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management: And obviously, you paid down about $600 million during the quarter. Does that mean that you contributed a bunch of money from Weyerhaeuser to the real estate subsidiary? And can you just help us out with the thinking behind that?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: The capital structure today is as we paid-off a down third-party debt as it was due. And then there is an advance from Weyerhaeuser Company to Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company that makes up the difference to get us to a total debt position for RICO.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: So, when that $500 million is third-party debt. But even going into the third quarter Mark, we had Inter Companies Act from Weyerhaeuser to Weyerhaeuser Real Estate.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management: Okay. And that doesn't show up on this balance sheet here?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Right. And, if you want to walk through the details of that we can do that. Give Kathy a call when we're done with the call. We'll be happy to do that.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Management: Okay. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Keith Wiley with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Keith Wiley - Goldman Sachs: Hi. I'm just wondering when you say that you want to maximize the debt at the tax flow subsidiaries, are you envisioning having that subsidiary issue new debt, or are you actually contemplating transferring the public bonds issued by Weyerhaeuser into that taxable subsidiaries?.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: We are not looking at refinancing that debt. So it is something that we are going through the process in terms of how the deductibility of the interest wouldn't work at the taxable REIT subsidiaries. But the debt that we would have going forward, it would be our... those public bonds would still be backed by the full credit of the total assets of Weyerhaeuser Company.
Keith Wiley - Goldman Sachs: So, you would guarantee that the bonds substantiate?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: We're still looking through what the best form of getting to that result would be.
Keith Wiley - Goldman Sachs: Got you. And if you did guarantee the bonds, would you still then be able to spin-off that subsidiary later?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Which subsidiary?
Keith Wiley - Goldman Sachs: For the taxable subsidiary?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Well, I think that we wouldn't want to speculate as to what we would do in the future about spinning off subsidiaries and that we don't have plans to do that at this point. So, I think the answer to your question will depend ultimately where we land with the changes that we are working through right now. And that would be predicated on any thing that we might think about or speculate doing in the future. But I'd to hate to comment on that at this point, since we aren't there.
Keith Wiley - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Comes from Ross Gilardi with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead please.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. Just had a couple of questions. First of all, I noticed that reclassified your international timberlands into your timber segment from corporate. And I'm just wondering is that purely an accounting change or have you changed your strategy, your view on your international timber assets and how they might fit into any future structure decision... future REIT structure decisions that the company might make?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ross, it is not driven by any consideration of the REIT structure. What it reflects is the change in the management structure that we have in place for our timberlands. In the past, our timberlands assets in the U.S. have been managed by Mike Branson and before him, Tom Gideon. Our international timberlands will probably be about through a separate organization which managed the assets that we had in Australia, New Zealand as well as South America and now China. And what we've done is we reorganized was the focus that we have on timberlands as the company determined that it makes sense for us to have all of the timberlands fall under the responsibility of Mike Branson in one organization, and so that's why we've shifted the recording.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you. And then can you just update us on your divestiture efforts, when might we hear something on the attempt to divesture real in shipping lines? I think you'd suggested last month that you were seeing a good interest in those businesses. Are you... has anything changed there given the more recent turbulence in the financial markets?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: No change at this point. We continued to have strong interest in the assets. We're working through a process that is on schedule, but I can't speculate at this point on timing or value.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Got you.
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Ross, we have time one more question. Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And our last question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson. Go ahead please.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you. Given your balance sheet and benefits of the TREE Act, I was wondering if it put you in a position to get back in to the market as timberland acquirer, particularly for lands might be available in key areas like Washington, Oregon?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: We look for opportunities all the time to enhance our timberland's ownership. A lot of that we do through 1031 exchanges, but we disclose of higher value properties and we purchase others. We continue to do that as a normal part of our business. Your comment about the TREE Act really would not impact that strategy. And with respect to our cash position, as Patty has said we're maintaining a strong liquidity position at this point because we think it's the conservative thing to do and we're preserving optionality around how best to use that liquidity as we start to see some clarity in the markets. And as Patty mentioned in her comments, we're going to have some options to evaluate, to include how we look at share buyback, how we look at potential debt repayment and also some discipline strategic moves. So, we're being cautious at this time because of the uncertainty in the markets. And, so it really doesn't impact the way we are viewing any ongoing timberland acquisitions position.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And just on the line of capital, to the extent you have some bonds trading at significant discounts, might you take those out?
Patricia M. Bedient - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: That is one of the things that I mentioned Steve in the overall mix of thing that we are evaluating and consider, but we don't have any announcements at this point.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, I'd just like to thank everybody on the line for your interest and attention this morning. I wanted to close with just a few comments. I started out in the commentary talking about unprecedented market conditions. And we sure are looking at conditions that we haven't seen before, not only on the forest products business but in the overall U.S. economy. We've made strategic decisions over the last couple of years, that it positioned us well. And I believe it benefited our shareholders. And in this particular market that we find ourselves in now, we are value driven, looking at opportunities to put our cash and resources to work towards the best options to unlock value for our shareholders. We're maintaining a strong operating position, controlling the controllables in our manufacturing businesses, working closely with our customers and preserving valuable liquidity. We continued to rely and benefit from the continued commitment of our employees and our long standing relationships with customers. And as we drive through these difficult times, I come back to my opening comments, we're confident in the resource that we have in our timberlands, in our operating assets, driving values from our wood products, our hi-tech cellulose opportunities and emerging carbon credits. And combination of our timberlands, our strong balance sheet and our strong liquidity position we believe positions us well to work through these uncertain times. So with that, I thank everyone for your attention this morning. Obviously, follow-up questions can be directed to Kathy. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Weyerhaeuser 2008 third quarter earnings call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000 with the pass code 11120677. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - VP of IR Daniel S. Fulton - President and CEO Thomas F. Gideon - EVP Forest Products Lawrence B. Burrows - President and CEO of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Patricia M. Bedient - EVP and CFO
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Gail Glazerman - UBS Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser 2008 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. In today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded, Tuesday, August 5th, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ma'am.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Eric. Good morning. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I'm Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Dan Fulton, President and CEO; Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Gideon, Executive Vice President - Forest Products and Larry Burrows, President, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Myer at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported a second quarter 2008 net loss of $96 million or $0.45 per diluted share on net sales of $3.6 billion. The second quarter included the following after tax items: A charge for impairments and reserves related to real-estate assets of $206 million or $0.98 per diluted share; A gain for book purposes on the ownership restructuring of Uruguay assets of an estimated $101 million or $0.48 per diluted share; A gain related to charges imposed to changes, excuse me, imposed retirement benefit of $32 million or $0.15 per diluted share; A charge for restructuring primary corporate staff of $24 million or $0.11 per diluted share; A charge for closures and asset impairments, primarily in wood products of $20 million or $0.9 per diluted share; A gain of $14 million or $0.7 per diluted share, for the reversal of tax accruals due to the lapse of statues of limitation. Excluding these items, the company had a net income of $7 million or $0.03 per diluted share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available on our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart 4 in the earnings information package as we will next discuss the waterfall [ph] chart. Chart four is a bar chart detailing the changes in earnings per share on a segment basis from first quarter 2008 to second quarter 2008. As noted in the first bar, on chart 4, Q1 `08 the company lost $0.24 per share. Quarters-to-quarter changes in corporate earnings were as follows and we're going to proceed from left to right across the waterfall [ph] chart. So we begin with the Timberland segment. Higher costs, slightly lowered prices and fewer non strategic land sales more than offset higher volumes, lowering Timberland's earnings by $0.02 per share. Higher wood products prices, lower costs and volume improvements resulted in a $0.21 per share contribution to earnings from wood products. Cellulose fibers earnings were lower by $0.04 per share. Price increases were more than offset by higher manufacturing cost, due to scheduled maintenance at three mills and higher raw material cost. Containerboard Packaging and Recycling earnings was $0.03 per share higher. Not expensing depreciation contributed $0.18 per share. Higher prices contributed $0.13 per share and volumes were favorable, partially offsetting these positives with the impact of the Iowa flood and higher manufacturing cost. Price declines resulted in real-estate earnings $0.01 per share lower then in Q1. Last, corporate and other were $0.10 per share higher due to foreign exchange gains and lower variable comp. The final bar to the right of the page is the second quarter 2008 gain before special items of $0.03 per share. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton, Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kathy. Today's results clearly demonstrate the challenges presented by the current conditions in the housing market. The effect of this slowdown is deep and touches virtually every business in our portfolio. In response, we're addressing our near term challenges. We've taken aggressive steps that today's market conditions demand and if necessary we are prepared to take additional actions. But we are also looking to the future and the opportunities ahead. Our future is built on world class timberlands and valuable land holdings. We are committed to maximizing the value of these assets by applying industry leading silver culture [ph] practices, investing in the potential of biofuel through our joint venture with Chevron and extracting values from the extensive of mineral rights, that we hold. To this, we add supporting businesses, unique research capabilities and a real estate business focused on serving housing markets with some of the highest potential in the country. Over the past several years we've adjusted our business to enhance our focus on our Timberland land holdings. In the process, we simplified the portfolio and cut costs. These are actions that have strengthened our balance sheet and positioned us to choose the most efficient corporate structure in business portfolio to maximize shareholder return. Just yesterday, we finished a significant step in that process by completing the sale of our Containerboard Packaging and Recycling business, International Paper. In the process International Paper has outstanding assets and approximately 14,000 dedicated employees to its Containerboard Packing business. We thank these employees for their contributions to Weyerhaeuser and we know that they can contribute to the success of International Paper. Today our businesses are leaner and we continue to trim overhead costs. In addition we started restructuring our corporate support staff to meet the needs of our more tightly focused company. Over the next 18 months, we will complete the elimination of approximately 1500 corporate level positions and achieve ongoing savings of $375 million per year. As we move forward, we will continue to pursue other opportunities to streamline the organization. This is an aggressive program that we will achieve approximately 50% of the ultimate savings by year end and the full amount when we phase out support agreements associated with the Domtar and the International Paper transactions. Additionally, we have revised some of our benefits to improve the competitiveness of our businesses while maintaining our attractiveness as an employer. We emerged from this process a leaner and more focused company. We however will not lose sight of what has made this company great. We remain dedicated to creating a safe work environment and to growing and harvesting trees in a sustainable manner. We'll be good stewards of the environment and play an integral role in the communities in which we operate. We will maintain a diverse work force and empower our employees to help us serve our markets, our customers and our communities. In addition, we will have operational excellence in our businesses. This is where I have to point to Tom Gideon as Executive Vice President, Forest Products. Many of you have met Tom, in his previous roles as our Senior Vice President of either Timberlands or Containerboard Packaging and Recycling. What you may not know is that he's also spent extensive time in the Wood Products business, in addition to holding positions in human resources and sales. As he just demonstrated with the steady improvement that our Containerboard Packaging and Recycling business achieved under his leadership, Tom gets results. In his new role, Tom will work closely with the talented leaders in our Timberlands, Wood Products and Cellulose Fibers businesses to further enhance our operational excellence. To describe the second quarter performance of these businesses, and the steps that we're taking to meet market conditions, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President Forest Products: Thank you, Dan. As you mentioned, we continue to face challenging market conditions. But before I get to our operational results, I'd like to start on a positive note by recognizing our excellent safety performance. We've continued to maintain [ph] a recordable incident rate of less than one. As we mentioned in the past, there is a strong correlation between improved safety performance and operational excellence. Safer operations reduce cost, enhance productivity and improve quality. Over the past quarter, our employees have faced enormous challenges ranging from the divestiture of a major business to extremely trying markets. It is a credit to our employees and their continued focused on safety, that we were able to maintain an excellent safety performance and achieve production records despite these distractions. I know there are people who remain vigilant in the quarter ahead and have their concerted focus will help us operate safely and at our best during this tough markets. The plan [ph] in timber are our foundations, I will start by reviewing our performance in Timberland, a business that continues to perform relatively well, given the market conditions. For those following the slides in the investor section of our website, this is chart five. As expected, we are feeling the affects of the continued softness of the California housing market which resulted in slightly lower prices in the west. In addition, we are closely monitoring our harvest levels to keep them in line with demand, I should point out however that our tree [ph] harvest levels in the west, actually increased during the quarter as we continue to salvage trees, damaged by the December storms in Washington and Oregon. Due to concerns about the degradation of the wood underground, we are quickly salvaging as much of the slow down as possible. Most of the salvage timber is white wood, such as Hemrun [ph] and we have been able to ship increased volumes into our Korean markets. We are still maintaining our historic export premium and the outlook for our export market remains strong. Especially since the Russians, raised their log export tax 25% in April, which will make our logs more competitive in Korea and China. In the south, the story mainly involves fuel, where higher prices have increased our transportation and harvesting cost. Higher fuel costs have also increased interest in domestic drilling. As a result, we continue to see a strong contribution from our minerals group. Moving to wood products, I will direct your attention to chart 6 and 7. The positive news is that we have experienced modest price improvements in lumber and OSP. Demand however continues to be a concern. The single family housing start rate is now at 670,000 or nearly 56% below 2006 levels. As Dan noted in his comments, Weyerhaeuser is taking aggressive steps to adjust our production to match the reduced demand. Compared with 2006 capacity levels, we have reduced oriented strand board productions by 48% and lumber by 30%. Our engineered product lines are operating at less than 50% of their 2006 capacity, even though, we saw a slight improvement in demand during the second quarter. We believe these steps have been an appropriate response to the weak market conditions. While we can't control market forces, we will continue to focus on the things we can control. Improving our sales penetration and operating efficiencies. Meanwhile turning to chart 8, our cellulose fibers business continues to perform well and benefits from the weak U.S. dollar. While we benefited from improved realizations, we also experienced higher transportation, fuel, fiber and energy costs during the quarter. In addition, with more goods being shipped from the U.S. than in the past, it is becoming increasingly difficult to secure shipping containers. During the quarter, this month we experienced delay in shipping This month we experienced delay in shipping of approximately 15,000 ton of pulp in June which negatively affected the earnings from this business. In addition, scheduled mill outages reduced our production by 37,000 tons. The long term outlook for cellulose fibers remains extremely strong. And in addition to having some of the industry's most efficient mills, we continue to look for ways to leverage our focus on absorbent pulps. Earlier this month, we took a significant step in that direction by agreeing to collaborate with Lenzing, the world market leader in cellulose staple fibers, to explore development of novel lyocell-based nonwoven fabrics. The objective of the collaboration is to develop a technology for the large scale industrial production of an innovative and sustainable cellulose based material for industrial and personal care applications. The technology will provide an alternative to more expensive petroleum based materials and non woven products with raw materials based on renewal with fiber. Turning to chart 9 and 10, I will conclude my remarks today with a discussion of our Containerboard Packing and Recycling business. It's been my privilege to work with this team through our strategic review and ultimately the sale and transition of the business to International Paper. Throughout this process, the team has worked together to represent the best of Weyerhaeuser and to demonstrate the potential of this business. Over the past 15 months, this business has worked safely, improved our operating margins, implemented price increases, brought in new business and achieved all of our cost reduction targets, I couldn't be proud of this team and I know it will be a great addition to International Paper. Although results of this businesses final quarter with Weyerhaeuser were hurt by the flood in Iowa that affected our Cedar River Container Board mill and our Cedar Rapids box plants, we improved packaging realizations by 4.1% compared with first quarter and we managed our accounts to be in line with planned volume expectations. In closing, while I need to acknowledge the challenges we are facing, I am also very optimistic about the future of our forest products businesses. Through our recent divestitures, we have created a more focused and closely-aligned set of assets. Our mission is to present options to Weyerhaeuser, its shareholders and employees by improving the overall value of our portfolio, by operating safely and improving operating performance to justify continued investment. Short term, this will require us to manage effectively through the down cycle and position our businesses to succeed in the up cycle. Longer term we are focused on insuring, we are leaders in each respective business segment and there we've established viable platforms for future growth, we have the assets and the people to achieve both our short term We have the assets and the people to achieve, both our short term and long term objectives. As I commented to you to use that we will operate these businesses to achieve maximum shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Larry Burrows, who will discuss our Real Estate business.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Thank you, Tom and good morning. For your reference, recourse to statistical highlights are included in the Investor section of our website on chart 11. The housing market remains exceptionally difficult. The traditionally strong second quarter spring selling season never materialized. Reduced demand and lower consumer confidence has led to increasing excess inventory of new and existing homes, which now approaches 11 months. New home prices remain under pressure as builders compete for more limited supply of customers. Existing homes have also experienced significant decline with the Case-Shiller 20 city composite index declining 16% year-over-year. More stringent mortgage underwriting has similarly constrained demand, particularly at the lower price points. Throughout this challenging environment, our operating response remained the same. Specifically, we continue to decrease unsold inventory, reduce land acquisition and land development spending, adjust staffing and substitute smaller less expensive products. Examining conditions across our markets, there are few bright spots. San Diego and Houston have held up better, although at reduced sales paces. Puget Sound has significantly slowed. The Washington DC area is approaching the third anniversary of the housing downturn, with little evidence of improvement. Las Vegas, Phoenix and the Inland Empire region of California remain our most challenged markets and are hampered by accelerating foreclosure activity. Reduced sales have decreased our single family home soul; but not closed what we call our backlog to just under four months sales. Last month, we warned about significant impairments; as an operating discipline we routinely re-evaluate our land pipeline to gauge project profitability. In the past, our higher margins have helped cushion the valuation impact of slower sales and reduced pricing. As sales pace and price continue to deteriorate, in many of our communities that cushion is gone. This is the basis for the impairment charges recognized in the quarter which were 311 million for home building assets and real estate investments. In addition, 23 million of capitalized interest was impaired in the corporate segment. The majority of our impairments were taken in our home building operations covering California, Nevada and Maryland and at WRI, our real estate investment company. Excess supply, wary buyers and continued credit market tightness make the outlook for housing for the balance of the year, exceptionally difficult. Our local managers are experienced and have operated in such a challenged environment, before. We are well equipped to successfully manage through the near term and benefit at the market stabilized and transition to recovery. I will now turn the call over to Patty, to discuss the outlook for third quarter?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Larry, and good morning everybody. I'll start my comments about the third quarter outlook with the discussion of Timberland. We expect sea log [ph] volumes to decrease seasonally, in both the West and the South. Domestic pricing is also likely to decrease some what, while the export market in the West is holding up well. We expect costs to increase due to seasonally higher silver cultural spending and higher logging costs primarily as a result of higher fuel expense. Increased earrings from oil and gas revenue and a higher level of income from non strategic timberland sales are expected to offset these negative factors and result in overall segment income, slightly higher in the third quarter compared to the second. Challenging market conditions for wood products will persist through the quarter. Average sales realizations will be mixed but overall should have a small positive impact compared to the second quarter, primarily in engineered wood products and OSB. Shipment volumes across product lines will likely decrease, however we don't see a significant earnings impact from the reduced volume. Manufacturing costs including raw material costs are expected to be favorable compared to the second quarter. For this segment, we expect operating losses for the third quarter to be just slightly less compared to the second quarter. Larry has already described the market conditions, we faced in our Real Estate segment. Congress has taken some action with the passage of the Housing Bill, at the end of last month; however it's unlikely to result in any meaningful improvement for this quarter. We expect single family margins will continue to be under pressure from the overhang of inventory and ongoing discounting which continues to characterize the competitive response to these difficult conditions. However, we do expect some modest improvement in margins resulting from more favorable mixed in the third quarter. Closing volumes will likely decrease in the third quarter. Excluding the effect of impairments, we expect the third quarter loss in our single family real estate operations to be comparable to that of the second quarter. In cellulose fibers, we expect that market conditions will continue to be favorable. Average sales realizations are anticipated to increase in the third quarter, over the second. In addition, we have fewer scheduled annual maintenance adages, as we have completed four of six mills as of the end of the second quarter. This should dramatically improve our operating results through lower manufacturing cost, as a result of higher productivity and reduced maintenance cost. These positive results will be partially offset by increased chemical cost. We expect significantly higher earnings in the sale of fiber segment in the third quarter, compared to the second. As is already been discussed, we closed on the sale of our Containerboard Packaging and Recycling assets, yesterday. As a result the earnings in this segment in the third quarter will only include one month of operation. The sales price was $6 billion to be adjusted proposed closing adjustments including final working capital in closing comps. We expect to record an after tax gain of over $200 million. The after tax proceeds are anticipated to be between $4 billion to $4.5 billion. As we have previously stated, we will use a substantial portion of the proceeds to reduce debt with the remainder to support further restructuring as well as growth opportunities. While we will have a significant tax bill to pay in December, we will be investing the proceeds in the mean time which will result in additional interest income. As Dan mentioned earlier, we continue to execute our program to sell other non strategic assets. In July for example we closed, on the sale of our Australian asset which resulted in cash proceeds of over 300 million. In the first six months of the year, Weyerhaeuser Company has spent 234 million for capital expenditures. Spending for the full year is anticipated to be between $400 million and $450 million. Finally, let me comment on one of the special items discussed in earnings release. During the second quarter, we made some changes in our benefit plans primarily retiring medical benefits. These changes resulted in a re-measurement of the unfunded liability as of the end of the quarter. We've included a more extensive explanation in our 10Q, which we'll be filing, later this week. But essentially these changes resulted in the reduction of our liability by approximately $365 million, which on an after tax basis increased our shareholders equity by approximately $200 million. Most of which will be reflected as an increase to other comprehensive income, on our quarter end balance sheet. Now I'll turn the call back to Dan, for some final comments before we begin our Q&A. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Patty. There's no doubt that we are operating in tough economic environment. As we manage through these conditions, we are also taking actions to achieve our goal of deliver maximum shareholder returns and every step we've taken over the past two years has been consistent with that objective. Last year, this involved our transaction with Domtar. We followed that earlier this year with the passage of the Tree Act, which will reduce our tax burden. And then just yesterday as we reported, we completed the Containerboard transaction, which allows us to pay down debt and provides us with improved financial flexibility. We continue to divest non strategic assets, allowing us to generate cash and tighten our focus. We've already begun the process to right size our support functions to make our businesses more competitive and finally we will continue to drive improvements into our businesses under the operational leadership of Tom Gideon and Larry Burrows. All of this puts us in the best possible position to choose the right structure for the right reasons at the right time. And now I would like to open the lines to your questions.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Eric, would you please open the line to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from George Staphos with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. Everyone, good morning. If we look at cellulose fibers for a minute, given your outlook and given the favorable trends you have seen in that business, what offsetting or compensating changes might you be seeing as well from the competitive landscape or perhaps not, do you expect competition to increase in that business over time, why or why not? And then I have a follow-on thanks guys.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, George.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President Forest Products: Hello, George, this is Tom, that's a business that we continue to perform very well and we do excellent in terms of our fundamental manufacturing and we participated extremely well in the markets Fluff Pulp arena, which we think is a added advantage for us. In addition, as we talked about with our announcement about Lenzing, we continue to look into new innovative ways, where we can get into specialty fiber markets that have higher margins. So I can't comment on exactly everything that may be done in a competitive environment, but our focus is to continue to manufacture wealth, to move into the areas that we have good market presence and to expand our specialty fiber opportunities.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: So, Tom if you think about it as a gap related to time or duration. what kind of gap, do you think you have relative to your peers, relative to the technology and science you have in fibers, which give an advantage in the market, is it now six months is it five years, could give us a flavor obviously, if not an audited figure
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President Forest Products: It's really hard to determine that. But we have a long history of excellence in our research and development components of our business. We have been innovative in our businesses and again going back to the Lenzing example, which is a joint development agreement, we are looking to move quickly, we think, we are certainly in the forefront of innovation in our industry. And I can't give you an exact number, but we think we are doing extremely well in this arena.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: All right, last question; I will turn over, Dan or Larry. What factors or timing, could we expect to see for WRECO to get back to breakeven levels, any short thoughts on that? Thanks. Good luck on the quarter.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, George. I will let Larry address that
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Okay,this is a Larry, George, I think what we would be like to able to see is some firming in the market place where customers have confidence that the home they buy today, the value will be there, that they will also be in a position to be able to either sell existing home, if they have one or they are able to go out in the market place and get attractive financing. Also I think we would be looking for some of the higher levels of inventory both in the existing home market and new home market to clear a little bit. So I think those are some of the kind of the fundamentals, that we would like to see improve, that would allow us to... on an operational basis get back to generating some earnings.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: All right I will turn it over thanks.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman, UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi, maybe following up on that last question. Can you share any of your views on when you might see that firming in the housing market? Kind of what your forecasts are for housing starts '09 and 2010?
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Gail,this is Larry. I'm not sure our crystal ball is better than anybody else's. I think what we've said is, we expect the market for the... certainly the balance of this year to be challenging. I think that what we'll be looking for is to settle this inventory which is running out to 11 months and needs to clear the market place and our customers need to begin to have some confidence to be able to weigh [ph] back into the market. They are being rewarded for not being urgent right now and the longer they wait, it's for their benefit and I think those are the kind of conditions that need to change which probably will take us well into next year before we see any improvement.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and changing gears. There's been a couple of comments about mineral rights, mineral income I mean and can you just give a little color on what you are seeing and what opportunities you have, may be kind of upon your six million acres of land and how many mineral rights, just over seeing and what type of changes there have been this year?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Gail. Just a little bit of color, historically we've had a practice of retaining mineral rights even when we sell land and so we have currently mineral rights covering about 6.4 million acres across the country. This has been an active business for us for some time period of time. So we have an active minerals group that operates within out Timberland's organization. Their typical practice has been to generally lease those mineral rights, in return for your fee income from the leases plus in some cases royalties and in some cases, we actually participate with the party that may be leasing the property. There's been a lot of activity recently publicized in Louisiana in particular, where we have some holdings and on the Louisiana question let me just turn that over to Tom to give a little bit of local flavor for what's happening down there.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President Forest Products: Well, thanks Dan, you know Gail, just to give you a little bit of background. In the greater of what we call the Haynesville shale play there, we have approximately 115,000 acres in which we have mineral rights and we acquired these rights as a result of the Morana [ph] transaction in 2002. Our mineral rights are positioned throughout the greater play and we have a relatively small, but I would say attractive footprint in the Souther Terris [ph] which is really the very core of that play, at this point of time. As Dan mentioned for a portion of those acres, we have entered into a short term leases with very significant upfront bonus rates and excellent royalty participation that will allows us to share significantly in any ongoing revenue streams that come from that. And we're actively looking and considering all the options in that area that will allow us to best monetize the value we have in our mineral holdings. In the outstanding partners, the location of our properties, the mineral rights traditionally might have represented gravel, but in some cases it would include possible oil and gas activity, coal and in some cases hard rock minerals and then in certain locations where we operate, our operators in the past we've got geothermal resources that may provide some potential. We view the mineral rights as a significant long term asset in the company and we actively manage it.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, that's very helpful, thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Thanks, good morning. Curious, following up on the mineral rights question, if you could help us to understand maybe on a trailing 12 months basis, what kind of income we've seen there and what kind of trajectory you've seen and I guess related to that, would you consider Dan, perhaps breaking out that segment, as a separate line item?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's a good question Pete. We manage this process and we reported on the mineral income and I think, it would be helpful for us to provide some greater visibility to that, and so we can do so. In terms of the past six to twelve months, Patty could you address that question.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Well don't I go ahead and take that on. Particularly over the course of the year, we have generated approximately 22 million in earnings from our Mineral Segment with cash flow of about 48 million and a significant portion of that is due to the activity we're seeing in our Louisiana properties. And I would just like to say at this point of time, we are very comfortable with the evaluations we have received so far and as I mentioned earlier, we continue to actively look and explore and consider all the options we can to maximize that return.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Thanks, it's helpful and the website I think is also, your website is also very helpful in terms of detail you provided there. Can you remind as to when did you post that increased detail on your website on mineral rights?
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: It was in the last iteration I believe. Within the last few months, I don't have an exact date, Pete.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's helpful and then. [Multiple speakers]
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay, question for Patty, if I could, now that the Containerboard sale is closed, is it possible to narrow down the net proceeds in the 4 billion to 4.5 billion to a little finer point here?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well as I've had mentioned Pete, we just closed it yesterday and it is subject to the final working capital numbers which will be coming out at the month end close. So, we expect that you will shortly we'll be able to do that. There are working capitals, there's a construction in process, issues and clothing costs. So I wouldn't want to put a finer point on it at this point, but we will shortly.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just last question if I could. You have indicated substantial portion of proceeds to reduce debt. Now is it possible to refine that a little bit, may be in terms of percentage of the proceeds?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, as you think about the proceeds. You start with the $6 billion then take off the final closing adjustments. We have short term debt of roughly $1 billion, maturities in `08 of about 400 million, `09 maturities are about another 600 million. So we'll be looking at those. As you think about the tax payment that we'll be making in December that would be in the neighborhood of $1.5 billion and then if you get to the other debt, that's outstanding and what debt we will re-purchase when we would, would really be determined by its immediate cost and its relative value. These will be the other alternatives that we have for use of funds, that's something that we are discussing with the Board on an ongoing basis.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is James Armstrong calling for Chip. First question is what proportion of the third quarter Timberland income will be from land sales and what's normal?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we are estimating that we'll have approximately 20 million of land sales income during the third quarter and it varies depending on what the opportunity is, as we try to match to our 1031 exchanges. But on our ongoing basis, we've averaged over the course of the year between 80 million and 100 million in that segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. How much of that is... how much of the total income number would that represent on average, historically.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I am not sure I have that right off the top of my head because it varies depending all of the other components of income, but it's been in that room and we'll have to go back and take a look at what our net was over the last couple of years, certainly in the magnitude of 10% to 15%, maybe slightly higher depending on the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Second question is, what's the tax rate going forward given both next quarter and next year following the Timber Tax Bill? Can you give us some guidance on that?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure and you think about it our income from continuing operations on a normal basis for the rest of the share, we would look at about 37ish. We will also get in addition to that, a benefit from the Timber Tax Bill for the rest of `08 in the neighborhood of $50 million to $60 million. And I don't have a number for you for '09.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. I had just a couple of questions about Timberland and then a follow-on. One question on the Timberland, Dan you've mentioned these Russian duties and how this would create more opportunities, improve your positions in China and Korea. I was just trying to figure out how bigger portion of your export log business, China and Korea really represent now, it could represent... I've always been under the impression most of your value is driven by that Japanese market with the Douglas fir?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you are absolutely correct Mark. Most of the export volumes historically has been Japan... going to Japan. And we... over the past had some shipments to China and Korea, recently the activity has picked up quite a bit as Tom talked about, because of the fact, that we found this market for our blow down timber from the storm from the last tall. Tom, could you address the pickup in volume that we've seen in Korea and China.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President Forest Products: Sure, Mark in years past, we had historically had a significant presence in China and it's been minimal, I would say over the last decade. That is just now starting to pick up. Korea we have maintained, particularly a combination of both white wood as well as Douglas fir markets and it is basically tripled in the last year or so. They represent in total probably less than 15% of our total export volume going overseas at this time, but the potential there to do better going forward.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Would they be kind of similar proportion of your income from export logs, or is Japan's still kind of disproportionate because of the high price of that Doug fir?
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President Forest Products: Well, you're right on that, a significant part of the volume, that's going over to Korea is Hemlock, which as you know is a lower price component than Douglas fir.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. The other question I had and Dan, I understand it's a sensitive issue. But I think a lot of people are... would like to get some thoughts on the dividends, you're clearly not earning the dividend right now with the uncertain outlook for the housing market. Can you just share some general thoughts with us about how you think about the dividend?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure I preface it, as I always do, obviously it's a Board decision.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Absolutely.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: As we look at the dividend, we commented on this in New York, we've got some guidance that we provided in terms of long term percentage of cash flow. We continue to look at that and obviously our view is informed by what we may believe is the length and depth of the cycle. So, we manage the dividend with a mind towards over the cycle earnings, and Board continues to take that up on a quarterly basis. We've obviously had a significant in flow cashier, we have got the ability to pay that dividend, but longer term, that policy will continue to be reviewed and it will be fundamentally based upon our view of long term earnings potential of the business.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, thank you. I recall months ago you guys had outlined that the West Wood shipping business as an asset, were you were reviewing strategic alternatives. Can you just talk about that and how you are thinking about that business in relation to the some of the export opportunities to the Far East, that you just mentioned with regards to the Russian timber duties and so forth?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, we really view them as two separate businesses, I mean we are in the Timberlands business to the extent that we got exports of logs we maybe shipping those on our westward ships. But we ship a fair amount on third party carriers. And so there is really no particular relationship to our shipping business and our export. So best way to separate asset, we are going through a strategic view, in a sale process of the entity, and anything we do with Westwood, would not impact our ability to continue to export.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay thank you. This is kind of a technical question to the extent you can help on the call, that would be great if not, we can handle on line, I was just confused that if you look at the container board business, it looked like, it earned $105 million pre-tax, during the quarter, yet your after tax earnings from discontinued operations were $111 million. Can you just explain how that is and perhaps a breakdown of your after tax earnings from continuing... from discontinuing ops by container board versus the Australian operations?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ross, that probably is something that we should take off line, because it does depend upon the allocation of cost to the discontinued segments. So you get a little different treatment from a breakout of on going continuing versus discontinuing.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We will be happy to give you some more detail about that as well as, the breakdown between the container board and pan [ph] Australia. We will be back later, Ross.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you, I certainly appreciate that the dividend that it comes down to a Board decision. But can you share with us, if you actually reviewed the dividend with the Board since you made your comments at the mid-year investor presentations.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Mark, this is Patty, yes actually we have and as you noted or would note that at the end of June, we made the announcement to pay the dividend for the third quarter, which will be paid here later in the month of August and we won't have another decision on a dividend announcement until the fourth quarter.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And you also mentioned other alternative potentially uses, besides that pay down and again I understand that's something that is under review, would that include things like share repurchase or what are some of the alternatives, that you could potentially share with us that would get reviewed?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the Board will take all of that into consideration, Mark. We have no Board authorization at this point for a share buyback. But now that the transaction has been concluded, we have the opportunity to address, the opportunities for utilization of that cash and as Paddy mentioned, priority number one is to pay down debt, as it comes due and then provide ourselves with some flexibility as we look forward.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then if I could follow up a little bit on the mineral rights. For instance in DeSoto County would you... I think you own about 15 or 20,000 acres there. Would you have already leased those properties or is that something that you have decision time to make and if it is something that you would consider selling, for instance in the fashion that International Paper had announced, a week or so ago. And maybe take us through your thought process of the benefits of holding on to properties, collecting royalties et cetera as opposed to outright sales and what is... or has been at least until very recently, a very hot market.
Thomas F. Gideon - Executive Vice President Forest Products: Sure, Mark this is Tom. We don't have quite the number of acres that you described to us in the DeSoto Parish itself. We have a much smaller component inside of that and a portion of those certainly are under these current leases. And as Dan mentioned in his remarks earlier, we continue to look at, what are the best options and in some cases that looks for a favorable lease arrangement, that has a significant participation in the royalty stream and we certainly will entertain options including either equity participation and/or as the sale, if that's what's the best thing for the return of the shareholder.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And is there anyway that you will be able to overtime perhaps provide us with parameters or help us better assess, what the opportunities, the value opportunity in the mineral rights area might be?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think Mark, we can provide some additional level of disclosure. Certainly getting the sense from comments that people feel like we have not done, so we can't get into any proprietary information and obviously valuation is driven significantly by prices of whatever those assets maybe. Recently we have seen a significant run up in energy prices and that creates a different view of valuation. But I think the next time we get together, we can share some more of that information and try to give you a better sense and rest of those on the call and our investors how we think through this. As I mentioned historically, we have maintained and owned these mineral rights, we actively managed them. We do a lot of leasing, but we are not averse to outright sale and/or joint venture. So we take all of that into consideration and those decisions will be informed certainly by values of... not only we put on them. But certainly others put on them.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Very helpful thank you. And just one real last quick one. The Corporate was a plus 10 on chart 13, I know you had mentioned something about foreign exchange gains and lower variable comp. On a go forward basis, what type of number, should we be thinking about for Corporate?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think Mark, on an ongoing basis, the Corporate segment has been about... if you take out the abnormal pieces that we have looked at around $40 million. Now we are adjusting those numbers based on some of the right sizing and restructuring that we are doing and we will try and give you some additional clarity on that on that as we go forward.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay.Thank you.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thank you, a very specific question and then a more broader one, on the wood --
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mark, could you speak up a bit please?
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Can you hear me better?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's better, Mark, thank you.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Right, sorry about that. I am just wondering, if you can give us a sense within the wood products divisions, you obviously were able to narrow the loss and I am wondering are there specific areas or regions, where the losses are bigger or is there anything still left to work on, short of closing assets down. My second question is, its more broadly you guys have had a pretty good read on the OSP business over the next... last couple of years, Steve Rogel was very cautious about all the new capacity coming on and I am curious now the do you see this business as right for consolidation over the next year or two. And how strategically important is that business to Weyerhaeuser on the long side or the short side?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well Mark, as you look on the materials. We saw significant improvement across our wood products businesses in the second quarter, saw good response on the demand in some of our product lines, mixed and others. Some modest price improvement from lumber and OSP. And we continue to... as we talked on previous occasions to have balanced our productive capability against what the demand signals are to us. In addition, we continue to work on the fundamentals, in terms of taking costs out of our business, in terms of spending SG&A, staffing associated with some of our curtailments or ship positive changes and so it's really a continuation of all those efforts that accounted for what you saw in the second quarter. Mark, in terms of your question about strategic importance. We are significant player in the OSP business, it is a product that is included in our structural frame design that we market through our wood products, I-level solution, the primary strategic asset in our wood products business continues to be our lumber business. Because we believe that adds value to our timberlands position, especially in the south. As we look at the other wood products, that we manufacture, our engineered products. We believe that they help to round out, the solution and at this point, it's a part of our strategic asset set. But we evaluate those businesses on a going basis. And it is conceivable that some of that product could be outsourced, we probably don't even have the ability to make all of the OSP that we sell. But I think that industry will likely go through some continued consolidations, as we work through current housing cycle. There have been a lot of mills, that have been shut down and it's likely you will continue to see some changes in that industry.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: It's very helpful. Thank you.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Thanks. Good morning. first question, containerboard, previously you had a run rate of around 70 million and depreciation at over 61 million, I think Q1, is it right to say that had you included depreciation would have around 45 million in operating earnings. So really it wasn't an improvement sequentially?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Steve that would be correct, we had those earnings of about 45 million for the Q2.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Okay. So all right, that's interesting. And also I see that SG&A is already down quite substantially, not before container board, it was sold and presumably before any material head count reduction at headquarters. So can you explain what's happening there?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: We took some initiatives last year, to start to make some significant changes to SG&A. And I think we identified last year opportunities to drop that number by about a $100 million. As we have embarked on these effort that I talked about this morning, where we identified potential 375... that's primarily corporate staff, but as the market has slowed, our SG&A has come down, and our operating businesses pretty significantly as you might imagine given the curtailments and shut downs of mills, with products business, and the decline in volume in our home building business. So it's a volume related answer with respect to our businesses, but we've been addressing the indirect and the corporate support aspect, as we've moved along.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson: So, I think when I took out all the puts and takes on the Corporate side, it was $10 million worth of contribution. Are you guys now profit centered?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well Mark, if you look at the various pieces of the puts and takes there are some rather abnormal pieces that you really do have to sort out. We tried to give you some additional clarity on that as you look at the release and also in the remarks. So you've got some pension income in there, you've got the restructuring in Uruguay which as Cathy mentioned, is really just a step up in the book basis, as a result of the dissolution of our joint venture there. So I wouldn't say that our corporate centre is a profit centre, but we have been very focused on cutting cost in all areas that we can.
Steven Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Great. Thanks, Patty. Thanks very much,
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You bet.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Roberts Brown [ph] with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. Thank you. Follow up on Mark's question on wood products. I think last quarter, you had guided to an expecting a lower operating loss in that segment, but I think you know they're like modestly improving lumber prices, and maybe other costs that as a $70 million positive variance, it's actually appreciably well. And I'm wondering what specifically was better than what you expected?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we were pleasantly surprised by the improvement in pricing, particularly across our lumber and OSB during the quarter. As you can tell volumes were basically overall on mix, so significant prices and we'd actually seen before results. Year-over-year, we've taken out $150 million in cost out of this business, as I mentioned in terms of all of that activities we've been engaged upon. So we started to see some of the benefits from that as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay I guess just follow up to that what is your actual operating rate right now. I know you had mentioned 50% or so and it will less I assume what actual was the operating rate during the quarter, was?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again if you go back, I think we are saying and we haven't change license for materially represented it may add less. We're about 70% in our lumber and 50% approximately ball park in OSP and our internet products.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then just in the Real Estate segment, what was your cancellation rate during the quarter.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: I think it was just a little over 30%. It's on travel revenue. [multiple speakers]
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, Okay, thank you. And then just lastly on pulp, I think you note that 15,000 tons of value, you think you have lost in volumes because [inaudible] the expected sale will continue going forward.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: While, we certainly hope it doesn't but we have this isn't the first we have experienced to delay shipments in this year. If it's something that is high on our authority list to ensure that our shipments go out as planned and again we are working on issue, diligently.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay so you guys, in the quarter, you think it will sort out correct or not get bad?
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: No, it's still a difficult situation, it's hard to even speculate exactly how it'll end up. Again we're working at it as best as we can and certainly it's our intention not to have any future delays.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right, thanks very much guys.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: We have time for one last question.
Operator: Our final question comes from George Staphos, Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks, hi guys. may be a bigger picture question, to conclude, Dan, I think you mentioned at the beginning of call that you now have the right portfolio to make the right decisions at the right time. I'm paraphrasing a little bit here, as we should think about it, is the platform now appropriately sized and we're merely waiting on the cycle as the catalyst for your next decisions within the portfolio or do you need to perhaps even tack on to the portfolio before you make the next steps in Weyerhaeuser's evolution. Thanks.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, George. We can expect that there would continue to be some further fine tuning of the portfolio. As we continue to narrow down to our core assets, what we have talked about is that our fundamental foundation is built on our Timberlands, to that we add our wood products business, our cellulose fibers business and our real estate business. And we have got other assets, that we add over the years, including some that we have recently sold such as Australia. And we have talked about our shipping business and our rail roads. So we have got some smaller non core businesses, where we still have an opportunity to fine tune the portfolio. As we look forward to '09 and '10. I mean we are really, looking for some turnaround that we know will come and in the housing cycle, which will give us some strength in our wood products business and our real estate business, it will give us some additional flexibility. Our focus at this point to improve the operational excellence of every single business that we got. We will make it more valuable for us, where ultimately, we determine that there was a better sponsor for any of those businesses, it would make those businesses more valuable. So... go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Could the fine turning include growing, if you have the right valuations parameters or turn parameters, growing within the Timberland business and in a significant way,
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: It...would absolutely include potential to grow.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Long-term, what we are trying to do is to narrow the focus of the portfolio, to right size the support organization that supports these businesses and to get on a solid footing for growth in the future. So we're going through this process of narrowing focus, that we started with paper and now into container board. We've got some smaller business activities. We'll get to a solid core here and then we'll make a decision about the appropriate structure to support those businesses as we go forward.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thank you very much.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. That concludes the call we appreciate all of the questions and I just wanted to reiterate a couple of key points that we made. We've been through this downsizing process, especially with paper and container board. We're following that with our corporate restructuring, that we know is necessary, I've been really excited about how quickly, we've been able to address that issue and then you'll start to see results already this year and then following through the next year. We got a great leadership team; we are going to be positioned, as we move forward. As we talk and Larry talked about the housing market, we expect the housing market is going to be tough for a while. But I think we have gone through most of the downsizing in the businesses that participate in that industry and I think as we come out of this, we are going to be in good shape and... so the focus on '09 is to continue to squeeze cost to improve operational performance, creating flexibility and optionality for us, as we move forward. And we are expecting to start to see some market improvement, end of '09 and into '010, and we are going to be positioned for it. So, I thank you very much time for your time and attention today and as always, if there are questions you can follow up with Kathy.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you very much for joining. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Weyerhaeuser 2008 second quarter earnings conference call. If you would like to listen to replay of today's conference call, please dial 800-405-2236 or internationally at 303-590-3000, enter pass code 11116520 followed by the pound sign. Those numbers again are 800-405-2236 or internationally at 303-590-3000, pass code is 11116520 followed by the pound sign. ACT would like to thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - VP of IR Daniel S. Fulton - President and CEO Richard E. Hanson - EVP and COO Lawrence B. Burrows - President and CEO of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Patricia M. Bedient - EVP and CFO
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Gail Glazerman - UBS Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities Chip Dillon - Citigroup Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser 2008 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded Friday, May 02, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Eric. Good morning. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. I'm Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Dan Fulton, President and CEO; Patty Bedient, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Hanson, Chief Operating Officer and Larry Burrows, President of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. The call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Myer at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statements in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported a first quarter 2008 net loss of $148 million or $0.70 per diluted share, a net sale of $3.4 billion. The first quarter includes the following after tax items: a charge of $40 million or $0.19 per diluted share for the closure of wood product facility and one box plant, a charge of $35 million or $0.17 per diluted share for real estate company asset impairment and a reserve, a charge of $11 million or $0.05 per diluted share for a litigation reserve, a charge of $11 million or $0.05 per diluted share to adjust environmental reserves related to closed facility. Excluding these items, Weyerhaeuser's net loss was $51 million or $0.24 per diluted share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available at our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart 4 in the earnings information package as I will next discuss the waterfall chart. Chart 4 is a bar chart detailing the changes in earnings per share on a segment basis from fourth quarter 2007 to first quarter 2008. As noted in the first bar on chart 4, Q4 2007 earnings before special items was $0.42 per share. Quarter-to-quarter changes and corporate earnings were as solid and will be proceeding from left to right across the waterfall chart beginning with the timberland segment. Fewer non-strategic land sales reduced timberland earnings by $0.05 per share. Lower wood products prices were offset by the clients in log costs and reduced sales and distribution cost, resulting in a $0.02 per share contribution to earnings from Q4 in wood products segment. Cellulose fibers earnings were lower by $0.07 per share. Higher price realizations were more than offset by cost associated with an annual scheduled maintenance outage at a primary mill and increased energy, chemical and fiber costs. Containerboard, packaging and recycling earnings were $0.02 per share lower. Modestly higher packaging prices were offset by seasonally lower shipment volumes and higher fiber transportation and energy costs. Real estate earnings were $0.49 per share lower than in Q4. Primarily, this was due to no land sales or lot sales during the first quarter. The price of homes closed was 16% lower and there were fewer closings in the seasonally strong fourth quarter. Lastly, corporate and other were $0.05 per share lower, due to tax-related variance. The final bar to the right of the page is the first quarter 2008 loss before special items of $0.24 per share. I will now turn the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kathy. Before beginning today, I'd like to borrow from the vernacular of baseball and announce some changes in our lineup for this call. I'll begin with someone who is not on this call for the first time in more than a decade, Steve Rogel. As you know, Steve retired as CEO after our annual shareholder meeting, as part of the culmination of succession planning that he undertook shortly after joining Weyerhaeuser. From day one, he viewed the identification and preparation of the next set of leaders as an important component of his role as Weyerhaeuser CEO. He leaves me with a roster of top flight leaders, all uniquely qualified to unlock the potential of our business portfolio. Speaking on behalf of all of us who have worked with Steve on a daily basis, we thank him for sharing his industry knowledge, business savvy and sound counsel. All of us are better managers and stewards of our shareholders investment in Weyerhaeuser, because of his mentoring. At the Board's request, Steve agreed to delay his retirement in order to continue to guide important initiatives. One of the most significant was the strategic review of our containerboard, packaging and recycling business. This review culminated in our recently announced decision to sell the business to International Paper for $6 billion. Additionally, I want to recognize Steve's long-term commitment to improving workplace safety across Weyerhaeuser. In Steve's final quarter as our CEO, we achieved the safest operating conditions in the history of the company. In his ongoing role as Chairman of our Board, Steve will remain a critical force in steering the future course of Weyerhaeuser. I personally look forward to continuing my working relationship with Steve knowing that I can rely on his counsel as we make further changes to Weyerhaeuser to maximize shareholder returns. I'd also like to acknowledge a new addition to the line-up on today's call. For the first time, Larry Burrows joins us as the new President of WRECO. Larry is a 32-year veteran of the real estate business. He joined our Winchester Homes' subsidiary in 1989 and served as President of Winchester from 2003 until assuming his current position. I have worked with Larry for many years and I know that he is a proven leader with the experience necessary to guide WRECO through these tough market conditions. As a member of our senior management team, Larry will also play a key role in Weyerhaeuser direction setting. Before turning to current market conditions and the steps we are taking to position Weyerhaeuser in light of these challenges, I want to update you on two significant events. The first activity is an update of our active support for forest products industries ongoing tax reform efforts. Bipartisan support for this legislation continues to be strong and is growing. As you know, the Tree Act is in the Senate passed Farm Bill. Conference negotiations are well underway in the Farm Bill and were told that the Tree Acts inclusion in the final Farm Bill agreement is under serious consideration. We continue to work with the industry and Congress to seek passage of the Tree Activity, which will provide immediate value to shareholders and is compatible with many different business strategies. The second significant area of activity over the past months involves the work being undertaken to transition our containerboard, packaging and recycling business to IT. Transition teams from both companies are in place and we've submitted the agreement to the Department of Justice for review. Both companies remain focused on finalizing the transaction in the first... in the third quarter. I would like to acknowledge the focus and dedication of our employees in this business. As Rich Hanson will outline, this team produced outstanding results during very uncertain times. It may be ongoing needs of customers that met the ongoing needs of customers during the strategic review process and subsequent sale announcement while continuing to improve the operational performance of this business. Turning now to first quarter market conditions, the protracted recession in the housing market has had a devastating impact on our first quarter performance. We've gone from the market with 1.7 U.S. single-family housing starts in 2005 to today's rate of approximately 680,000. We saw evidence of this slowdown first in our wood products business in 2005 and then WRECO beginning last year. As reported last week, new home sales in March were at their lowest levels in 16 years. There continues to be a great deal of uncertainty in the financial markets supporting residential construction and sales even as regulators search for solutions to help stabilize the current situation. Excessive levels of inventory affect both sales of homes as well as new starts. Like others, we believe these factors will continue to put downward pressure on the housing market and by extension, wood products. Although it appears that prices for lumber and OSB may have hit bottom, there's still ways to go before the significant increase in demand. The lone bright spot in the economy to our portfolio is the benefit we're seeing from the declining value of the U.S. dollar. As a result, prices for our pulp are becoming increasingly competitive compared to those based on the euro and the Canadian dollar. We can't control economic conditions. Our focus is on controlling what we can by improving our operating position in the context of this challenging environment. This includes curtailments, permanent shutdowns and sales of non-core assets. We also must dramatically reduce overhead and support costs to align with the more focused company that we are creating. I am committed to making this happen. Over the past several years, you have seen us review our portfolio with a critical eye to enhance our ability to deliver shareholder value. By divesting our fine paper and packaging businesses, we've said that we understand that our future is not defined by our past. In the future, we'll continue with an increased sense of urgency demanded by current market conditions. The major moves we've already made allow us to be more nimble in executing any additional adjustments to our portfolio. Trees define us and our Timberlands business is at our core. Other businesses must compliment our Timberlands holdings and manufacturing will be done only where we have the technology, unique skill opportunity or competitive advantage and most importantly, the ability to do so in a capital efficient manner. Today's results are sobering, but we've weathered similar business cycles before. In my years with the company, I have seen that the best path lies and driving forward with purpose and conviction and we're doing that again. In the process we are creating a great future, a future that I am excited about. I look forward to our upcoming Analyst Meeting on May 30, in New York in order to continue the conversation. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Rich Hanson, our Chief Operating Officer.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Dan. During my presentation this morning, I will reference several supporting charts that we posted in the Investor Section of our website. While it's not imperative to see the slides during my discussion you can find them by clicking the link to our webcast of today's call. To help you follow me, I'll reference the chart number as I start a new section. Before discussing our first quarter performance though I want to expand briefly on Dan's comment about our safety performance. For the first time in our company's history, we achieved a recordable incident rate of less than one. As one of the first safety champions here at Weyerhaeuser, I am extremely proud of this achievement and as the Chief Operating Officer I recognize that safer conditions translate directly into more efficient operations, which is critical when markets are as tough as they are. I will begin today's review of our operating performance with the business where it all starts, Timberlands. For those of you following the slides, this is chart 5. The sluggish housing market that Dan discussed affected our Timberland's business in the first quarter. This was particularly true in the west, where much of our harvest goes to products used by the California housing market. As a result of the significant slowdown in building in California, lower demand for logs dragged down prices in the west. We still command premium prices for our export logs, but market factors are pressuring us to lower those prices to be inline with domestic levels. The south remains strong, where we saw realizations actually increased as more Wood Products mills take downtime in response to market conditions; the region is experiencing a shortage of wood chips. This resulted in higher prices for fiber logs, which led to the higher realizations. Our log inventories increased during the quarter. This was primarily due to the beginning of our salvage operations to harvest trees damaged by December's wind storms in the west. To avoid the degradation of the wood, we're quickly salvaging as much as possible. The recently implemented Russian log tariff has allowed us to increase our flow of logs to our Korean customer base. Moving to Wood Products, I will direct your attention to chart 6 and 7. There's little doubt that we have extremely challenging market right now. Dan mentioned that we think we've seen prices start to stabilize, but demand remains very weak. Lumber shipments dropped 12% during the quarter, while oriented strand board declined 15%. In response, our Wood Products management team has aggressively reduced our production levels. Since the market peaked in early 2006, we have curtailed or announced the curtailment of nearly half of our OSB and engineered lumber capacity. In addition, we have taken nearly 30% of our lumber capacity out of production. These are significant reductions, and we're prepared to take further action if necessary to lower demand... to meet lower demand, I should say. We also continue to position this business for the eventual market rebound by completing the sale of our first [indiscernible] European business and several U.S. distribution locations. Next, I will discuss two businesses that performed well during the first quarter. I'll start with cellulose fibers, which is represented by chart 8. The performance of this segment was highlighted by outstanding operating performance and stronger prices. This resulted in higher price realizations of $37 per ton. As you know, roughly two-thirds of our pulp is fluff grade that's used in absorbent products, a market that generally has commanded higher prices. This was offset, however, by lower volumes, additional costs associated with plant maintenance and higher costs for energy, chemicals, and fiber. Virtually, all the decline in shipments resulted from the expiration at the end of the year of the brokerage agreement that we had with Domtar. The planned maintenance was for our Longview liquid packaging board mill which was down for eleven days. I'll close today with a discussion of our containerboard packaging and recycling business. Information for this segment is on charts 9 and 10. Realizations for packaging improved nearly 1% as we captured a full quarter of the price increases that began last year. We also benefited from the improved mix that resulted from our work to rationalize low-margin accounts. In addition, an increase in containerboard shipments partially offset the seasonal decline in packaging shipments. Box price realizations improved compared with the same time last year. In addition, weekly shipment volumes were higher despite the selective closure of box plants resulting from the rationalization of low margin accounts over the past year. Non-fiber unit cost declined $16 million compared with the first quarter last year, due to productivity improvements and cost reduction over the past year. This was a significant improvement during a period of rising chemical and natural gas prices. Overall, this business delivered a solid performance given the distractions caused by the strategic review that resulted in the amount sales of these assets to International Paper. I join Dan in commending the people in containerboard packaging and recycling for their focus and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Larry Burrows, who will discuss our real estate business. Larry?
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Thank you, Rich. For your reference, WRECO's statistical highlights are included in the Investors section of our website on chart 11. Housing markets continue to struggle; the industry's spring selling season has not really materialized. This is normally the time of year when prospective home buyers are most active in the market requiring constructions spring and summer where homes to be delivered later in the year. Excess inventories of both new and existing homes plagued most markets as a result of today's depressed sales. There is approximately an 11 month supply of unsold new home inventory with nearly a 10 month supply of unsold existing home inventory. Declining home prices are now evident in every major market. Price discounting on sales of new homes is also prevalent in each of our markets as builders compete for a limited pool of buyers. While price decline and favorable interest rates have benefited housing affordability, the tightening of mortgage underwriting criteria has constrained demand, particularly at lower price points. We continue to respond to this difficult environment as follows. First, reducing the amount of land acquisition. Virtually, every land acquisition obligation has been re-underwritten to reflect expected market conditions, the resulting outcome being a modified purchase price in terms or a forfeited contract deposit. Second, balancing land development expenditures with the reduced forecast for closings. Third; decreasing unsold inventory, fourth; adjusting staffing to the current level of market activity, fifth; substituting smaller and less expensive homes. Let me briefly describe conditions in our individual markets. Las Vegas, Phoenix, and the Inland Empire region of Southern California remain our weakest markets characterized by excess inventory and increasingly hampered by foreclosure activities. The San Diego market continues to support new home sales in well located closing communities, although the market is far from risks. Market activity in suburban Washington DC is below trend, functioning at the same slow seasonal pace evident for several quarters. As we anticipated, robust sales in the Houston and Puget Sound markets moderated in the first quarter. Traffic and sales declined on a year-over-year basis and price concessions increased in frequency. Reduced sales has decreased our single-family homes sold but not closed, what we call our backlog to approximately four month sales. Our builders finance subsidiary, WRI is an investor and an investment manager. The principal sources of funding are institutional investors for whom WRI performs investment management services. The first quarter's $19 million charge reflects impairments on investment activity and a reserve to true-up investment management fee obligations. Residential land markets remain iliquid with few reports of sales transactions. In the early stages of this cycle, land values were resilient despite weak housing markets. As the downturn extends, major home builders continue to report significant impairments. These impairments translate to lower sales prices. Lower sales prices may force a compensating pricing reduction in our neighboring communities to remain competitive. As an operating discipline, we routinely reevaluate our land pipeline to gauge project profitability. Essentially, we re-underwrite our land under control for current and expected market conditions. This re-evaluation process is the basis for the impairment charges recognized in our results of operations. Weak demand, excess supply and stiffening mortgage underwriting standards make the outlook for housing over the balance of 2008 exceptionally difficult. We believe that the markets will stabilize when the following trends occur. First, buyers regain confidence that the new home they buy today will not be selling for less tomorrow. Second, new home buyers are able to sell their existing homes at a price that makes it worthwhile for them to sell. Third, contract cancellations return to historic levels in the 15% to 20% range. Fourth, large builders bring liquidity to the land markets to reinvestment and land values stabilize. Our local managers are seasoned and experienced. Their companies are well equipped to work through the near term and benefit as market stabilize in transition to recovery. Now, I will turn the call over to Patty Bedient to discuss our outlook for the second quarter.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Larry, and good morning. The collapse in the housing market will continue to adversely affect our second quarter earnings. Markets for cellulose fibers and our containerboard packaging businesses should remain favorable. I'll begin the outlook with Timberlands. In the west, the domestic log markets continue to be weak, due to very low lumber demand and prices, although they appear to be stabilizing. The export log prices were flat in April, while higher freight rates continue to put downward pressure on price. Favorable exchange rates offset this to some degree. Fee volume in the west, should be up in the second quarter compared to the first, as we continue to quickly recover blow-down from storm-damaged stands. In the south, the realizations for logs are expected to be up slightly quarter-to-quarter due to continued strong fiber demand. Fee volume will be down compared to the first quarter as Great Mills continue to reduce production. Logging costs will likely increase, mainly due to higher diesel fuel prices and higher salvage logging costs. Overall, we expect Timberlands earnings to decrease slightly in the second quarter, compared to the first. Wood Products market conditions are expected to remain difficult in quarter two with differing trends in realizations by product line. We expect modest increases for lumber and OSB and a decline in average realizations for engineered wood. Shipment volumes of softwood lumber and OSB are expected to continue to decrease in response to weak demand, while engineered wood volumes are expected to increase seasonally compared to the first quarter. Log costs are anticipated to decline and pricing for byproduct residual should remain strong. We continue to monitor working capital levels closely as we navigate these challenging markets. Losses for our Wood Products segment will continue to be significant in the second quarter, although they are expected to moderate from the first quarter levels. Packaging sales realizations and shipments are expected to increase, primarily due to seasonal improvements in the demand for produce. OCC costs will likely be higher, due to seasonal fluctuations caused by lower generation, coupled with continued strong demand from China. Ship costs are also expected to remain at the high levels of the first quarter. Energy costs will increase, due primarily to higher natural gas prices in the second quarter. We do expect to take additional scheduled annual maintenance downtime in the second quarter compared to the first, and this will result in lower production volume and higher maintenance spending as these costs are expensed as incurred. Excluding the impact of reduced depreciation, we expect second quarter earnings to be comparable to the first quarter. Depreciation was suspended in mid March because these assets are now accounted for as discontinued operation. Depreciation for the full quarter would have been roughly $70 million on an ongoing basis. Sales realization in Cellulose fibers are expected to increase slightly in the second quarter, due to the continued strong market. This will be offset by higher maintenance and supply costs as a result of additional scheduled annual maintenance outages in the second quarter. As Rich noted, the mills continue to improve their operating efficiency. However, because of the additional scheduled maintenance downtime, we expect that earnings in the second quarter will be just slightly lower than the first. Larry has already described the challenging markets for our home building businesses. As a result of the continuing weak demand, we expect that the second quarter results from single-family home building operations will be comparable to the first quarter loss of $22 million before considering the effect of any impairment that may be required. During the first quarter, Weyerhaeuser Company spent just over $100 million on capital expenditures. Given the current environment, we have deferred spending on capital projects that are not already well underway or essential for safety, environmental, or regulatory compliance. As a result, we anticipate capital expenditures for the year will be between $400 million and $450 million. In addition, we are conserving cash by restricting all discretionary spending. Net cash flows in the second quarter should be significantly stronger than the first. As previously announced, we anticipate using a substantial amount of the proceeds from our containerboard packaging sale should pay down debt, which we expect to occur later this year. I will now turn the call back to Dan for some additional comments.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Patty. Before we open the lines for questions this morning, I'd like to comment briefly on the conditions that Patty just described and what this means for Weyerhaeuser going forward. It will take unprecedented action on our part to deal with these economic conditions and the need to restructure our company in light of the portfolio changes that we've made. I think that it's important for everyone to understand just how seriously we're looking at the decisions that lie ahead. I believe in the future of this company and in our ability to meet this challenge. I also know however, that we can achieve the future success that I envision by taking incremental steps. Today's environment does not afford us that luxury. In the months ahead, you will see Weyerhaeuser take definitive steps to resize this company as a leader in the markets where we operate, positioning us to grow again when the time is right. Under Steve Rogel, we defined our strategy. We'll continue implementing that strategy with conviction and decisiveness. That's my focus and the focus of every leader at Weyerhaeuser. And now, I would like to open the call to your questions.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Eric, could you please open the lines. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from George Staphos with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks everyone, good morning. I guess, first off, congratulations to Steve, Dan and Larry and good luck in the upcoming months. First question I had, until the transaction in containerboard is finalized, Rich, what's the strategy going to be within containerboard? You actually performed I think comparatively better than we would have expected given the tractions and frankly even relative to a lot of the other players in the market? So, what's the strategy here going forward until the transaction?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the strategy is the same George and that is to continue to improve the results in this business against the business model that I have described and that included rationalizing the low margin business and optimizing the system economics, looking at regional costs and paying attention to the supply side and sourcing the business we chose to keep at the least cost. And that team has done a tremendous job of executing that strategy as you can see, it's been very gratifying and I think the momentum is still there, it's remarkable.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: How do you fight against the natural tendency perhaps to try to drive now for more volume, maybe even at the expense of price, do you think or care about that much now given the next step in there?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, that's the one thing that we have really addressed well. The discipline around looking at margins and volume is not the game, margin is the game. In addition in the mills, we have gained great efficiencies and in the way we operate, but that is in strictly more volume than significant cost reduction and productivity improvements.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, that's helpful, thanks for it. I guess may be two questions to finish up. First off, maybe for Larry or Dan, what comments do you have on the proposal that have been offered in Washington about bringing more stability to the housing market and obviously to the related financing sectors, any thought on the Frank Dodd Bill or the other things that have been thought about?
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: We'll be interested to see what the folks in Washington do, but I thing any thing if they can do to kind of help stabilize the markets, particularly relative to foreclosure activity and what's happening I think would provide a very important stabilizing value to our markets.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Larry, do you have a preference at the juncture.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: No, again but I think this is the function of been able to have actions that will really kind of bring back some confidence and help stabilize conditions in the market, give people confidence to come back into the market.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, I guess may be the last question, I will turn over. Obviously, with the IP transaction you're going to have an even stronger balance sheet. Obviously, with your comments and the directional guidance for the second quarter, your remaining sectors are struggling quite a bit because of the macro economic issues out there. They could be improved potentially with consolidation and you'll have the balance sheet which to do this, you're also potentially down the road move, potentially move towards the REIT structure and that would heighten perhaps the need to have a stronger balance sheet in the future. So, realizing that you can tell us point by point, detail by detail what you're thinking about and how it's going to proceed. How would you have us think about some of these issues ahead of the company over the next two, three quarters? Thanks very much.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll take that, George. As we've tried to articulate, over the last six to twelve months, our primary focus is on our strategy going forward, and then having structure, whatever that corporate structure might be, follow that strategy. Our strategy is to find with Timberlands at our core, and as we continue to review the portfolio, as you know, we've made the change in fine paper, emerged with Domtar, now we're selling Containerboard. We have sold and are in the process of selling some non-strategic assets, and then for the balance of the portfolio, getting to your question, we continue to examine our non-Timberlands assets and strategies for their long-term strategic fit and the long-term potential to enhance shareholder value. So beyond that, we're looking that process diligently, don't have specific comments related to the... our balance sheet, other than as Patty has shared, the intent is to use significant proceeds from that sale to pay down debt.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: All right thanks, I'll turn over.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS. Pease go ahead.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hey, good morning. I was wondering if you could talk in any more detail on Wood Products, that's encouraging to see that the loss has narrowed a bit despite what pricing and volumes did in the quarter. And I'm just wondering if there's any kind of, I guess, carry forward some actions and cost cutting that you did in the first quarter that we'll see kind of moving through the year or if that's just kind of an ongoing run rate?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll have Rich answer that one, Gail.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Gail, I mentioned that one of the things we have done is trimmed down our distribution system to focus just on the distribution centers where we're serving the residential markets and taking overhead out and sales costs associated with non-strategic business and non-strategic locations. Obviously, as we've taken capacity out with permanent closures, you're correct in assuming that we've taken out the highest cost capacity. We've taken out a lot of Canadian capacity, for example. We're bringing on the lowest cost mills in the west. We're taking out high-cost capacity in our western lumber system. We've taken capacity out by the way ahead of our original schedule as we've addressed these weak markets. But we'll be coming back in with obviously no increased volume certainly in these markets, but at a much lower cost. So those are just some of the things off the top that I could give you as examples, but you're absolutely correct, our cost base going forward is lower and will be even lower.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And did I notice in the footnotes correctly that you actually lost $1 million on land sales in WRECO in the quarter? Hello?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we're here.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Gail, this is Dan. I'm used to answering the WRECO questions and I'm trying to getting used to passing it to Larry.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Gail, I'll have to maybe take a mull again on that. I know we did have land sales in the home building business. I don't know whether we lost $1 million in the first quarter on them.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: I'll get back to you on that.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, thank you. And just one last question, obviously less of a point going forward, but in containerboard in terms of box realizations, do you now feel that you've seen everything you're going to see from the kind of late 2007 price increase or as contracts roll off is there a little bit more to come?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, this is Rich. We are essentially complete, but you are also again correct in assuming there are a couple of more accounts that we still have to come open later on this year. But, we're essentially complete but there is still a little bit of carry over so there is some upside yes, in the price increase. And there is some more benefit ahead of us from the rationalization away from lower margin accounts that we haven't fully realized yet.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay, thank you very much.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Thank you, Gail, this is Larry. Let me kind of see if I can jump back in there. We did lose $1 million in land sales and I think, that's been a consistent part of our business being able to sell land, and we've talked about it, it's about 10% of our volume and it's uneven when it occurs. The reason for the loss largely just go around because we were able to finally sell a golf course at Snoqualmie Ridge out here in the northwest.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Just one question. Dan, when we look across the Wood Products business across the industry, there is a long-term pattern of running below cash cost for a fairly substantial amount of time at a lot of different producers. I'm curious if you can help us understand the decision process and the criteria that Weyerhaeuser uses on when to idle a mill and when to make the more serious decision about closing it. Just help us understand how you guys think about it?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I am going to have Rich take the first half of that and then I'll conclude with some comments, because this is something that we study very diligently, because of the situation in the market today. Rich?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, as Dan said, we have a very disciplined and regular process of examining that. And we look at what is the demand telling us about the capacity response that we ought to have. And so that's where we start. And then we have our mills arrayed by their cash operating costs, and we look at the impact of a closure relative to continuing to run against our view of where this market may be headed. So, we've given you the example of why the industry has been slow to respond on the OSB side, and that is because these closure costs are extraordinarily high, and that is, by that I mean, you could be looking at an excess of a year of the cash losses at today's prices by closing with regard to severance and so on. In the lumber side, it is a little more flexible because you can manage shifts and be a little more nimble in that response to the demand that's out there. But, Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the other thing that occurs Mark, is that, every manufacturer and supplier has their own perspective on future housing starts and what the cycle is going to look like, so you may have differing responses that occur simply be based upon a different view of when market will turn around, and when it does, whether it's going to be slow recovery or whether it will be more robust. So, as Rich says, we go through that process all the time. It is driven from a market back what the demand is, but then depending upon competitor actions and we respond.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's helpful, thanks.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a tough one as we go through this kind of a cycle.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Yeah, I can imagine. I can imagine, my congratulations to you.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Thanks, good morning, and congratulations to Dan and Larry. I wanted to ask a question if I could to Patty if you could help us to understand how the passage of the Tree Act has currently written, would have impacted your cash taxes in recent years?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, Pete in terms of the way that the Tree Act is currently included in Senate Bill, as we have said in the past, going back couple of years its somewhere around $150 million. That is the way that it's currently written we'll have to see what eventually does come out of the Congress in terms of particular specifics of whatever does get passed but right now, the guidance that we've given in the past is still the same.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay, that's helpful. Question for Dan, if I could, maybe an observation and followed by question. As we take a big step back and look at Weyerhaeuser, share prices flat in recent years, even though you've got some of the best Timberlands with the market, where values have risen very sharply in recent years in a private market, your debt is down more than $6 billion since the time Willamette was acquired and I guess against that back drop, Dan, I was curious if you could comment on the types of strategic actions you might consider and frankly, importantly the types of actions in your opinion you might rule out and if you can wrap all this up in one question, how you juxtapose your view of the world against your predecessor or the previous Weyerhaeuser management team.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say that the view... my view of world is not different than Steve Rogel's, we've been on a path recent years of refocusing our efforts on our Timberlands, as you commented, we made acquisitions, significant acquisitions like MacMillan Bloedel, Willamette industries. With those acquisitions came not only fiber business, but also significant timberlands. So those timberlands, for the most part or still part of our portfolio, we were building our strategy around those timberlands. We're focusing on businesses that we believe enhance the value of those timberlands either for instance through our lumber business where we might drive more value back to the timberlands and we're also focused on improving the returns from timberlands coming from our minerals activity higher and better use activity and most recently, our initiative with Chevron, which has the potential to create value through biomass, biofuel. The other businesses are going to have to earn competitive returns of recycle. They're going to have to have our positions that are defensible and allow them to operate top quartile in their industries and they are going to have to be able to support themselves in a capital structure, so that as we go forward we continue to improve value for our shareholders.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's very helpful. If I could just lastly follow-up with perhaps a question for Rich, Rich, can you comment on the budget at a high level that you're thinking about for the harvest volumes for 2008, especially relative to their long-term potential? I would think they might be down a bit and then relatively, can you comment on how the Tree Act or possibly other tax advantaged structure possibilities might allow you to bring some harvest forward relative to your future timber harvest plans?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, Peter, I guess I won't speculate on how we might harvest with regard to tax consequences, but I would say from a strategic and operating standpoint, you're correct. Our harvests are at a lower level than they've been. I think we've discussed that in the past why that is. And going out into the future, there is upside potential in the south. I've commented earlier too that some of that upside was delayed a little bit by some of the storm damages that we experienced in our southern operations, Katrina being the most recent, but the ice storms before that. But still, significant upside. So we're at a low point, both because of the markets and our view of what makes sense for the maximization of present value, considering growth and value on those lands. In the west, right now, we're at a little bit lower level, but also, if there's some noise in there as we pick up the salvage that was damaged in the December wind storms. Does that help, Peter?
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: That's helpful. Thanks very much, guys.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question
Operator: Well, next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed go ahead.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. Dan, a couple of longer term questions. One, not long after Steve took over back in 1998 he came to New York and he kind of walked us through Weyerhaeuser in each of the businesses and he categorized each of them in kind of a serious of categories whether they were businesses you wanted to monetize, businesses you want to optimize or businesses you wanted to expand. Knowing that you are going through review work right now, when do you think you will be ready to do that sort of thing for us?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Mark, it's an ongoing process. We're going to spend sometime in May in our analysts meeting talking about our Timberland strategy, one of the things that we haven't spend a lot of time on with you is the degree that, we use our R&D capabilities to innovate not just in our Timberlands business but, also our Wood Products business and Cellulose Fibers business. So, we are going to talk a bit about that. That's part of our strategy in trying to drive greater value for the products that we do manufacture, which also enable us to keep a competitive edge in our industries. So, I would say we're going to have some of that discussion in May, but, it will be an ongoing dialogue.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and I'd like to just get your reaction to an observation of mine which is, if you look at the company over a long period of time, it really it's generated very good cash flow from the Timberland and the land holdings and it just seems like over the decades one of the biggest issues is that when it tries to use that cash to diversify whether it's got into financial services or more recently just trying to make consolidation moves in the industry, it's often struggled?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a fair comment and when we talk about Timberland as our focus, some of it is an acknowledgment of that and we're committed to growing our Timberland's income and we are committed in the other businesses in which we are engaged that they support themselves and that they do not detract from our core business, which we continue to see as Timberlands.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And to the extent that you want to focus on Timberland and you may be want to do things outside of North America, where you either have to invest capital upfront to develop plantations or whether where tax considerations may not fit as well within a REIT, can you just... can you talk about that issue?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as you know, we're active in South America.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Right.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we have been pleased with our progress there. We got into Uruguay relatively early compared to some other investors as you know we're creating plantations there rather than buying existing Timberlands. We've also built a plywood facility there to help monetize that resource. We continue to look for expansion opportunities in that market. We've got... we've had good success so far in our South American strategy and we believe that we've got an opportunity there to leverage our Timberland's capabilities and we've created an excellent relationship with local government, based upon the way we approach our Timberlands and the stewardship that we apply to our assets. And so, we're optimistic about opportunities to continue to grow South America, but when the timing is right, we'll continue to invest in North America.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Last question I had, I have heard that there are some producers out west who are integrated, who are literally just shutting down sawmills and wood products plants and choosing to sell that fiber into the open market because the log prices are actually higher than the losses they would be generating if they just ran the stuff through the sawmill. Are you doing any of that right now, or how do you think about that?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Rich, can you address that?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, we have a lot of capacity curtailed back in terms of manufacturing. We're somewhat unique in that the large part of our harvest that's dedicated toward the Japan log export market. And so in our case, we're serving a firm market that looks firm going ahead, and we have cut back in the outside wood that we buy as we've downsized our systems. So I can't really comment about individual competitors, but that's really the changes that we've experienced.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thanks, Rich.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from. Chip Dillon with Citi. Please go head.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes, Good morning, and congratulations, Dan, on your new position.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Chip.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: First question is on the Containerboard sale. Is there... how much of the wood was your system getting from your own either forests or as residuals from your own wood plants? And is there any kind of an agreement? And what are the terms, roughly, of that agreement with IP?
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Can somebody help me in terms of the ...our ability to comment on specific terms?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we can comment.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We really can't comment on the terms...
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We do have supply agreements.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: The terms that that we have with IP. There is a supply agreement, as you might imagine, in this kind of a transaction, but those specifics are confidential.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And then just quickly, on the succession timing, I remember when I guess Steve and the Board talked about him remaining through into the middle of '09, and I think we were... at least I was under the impression as CEO and I just didn't know if something had changed in the business or maybe it was just more of a personal decision to make the transition sooner, or am I just mistaken?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Steve shared with the financial community that he had committed to stay through as late as the end of '09, based on what the Board wanted to do, and so we made a change in December when I took over as President, and it was really a joint decision between the Board and Steve that I would move up to CEO at this time, he continues as the Chair very much involved, so that there should be no negative connotation whatsoever in the timing of that change nor was there any real change in direction. I think the Board made a determination that they were ready to continue to move forward, shift Steve into a Chairman role. He's still actively engaged with me, and I hope that he'll be able to stay through the end of '09.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: With an office actually there at the complex?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: He's got an office here. I think he's getting a little more time with his spouse, who is happy to see him a little bit more. He is not in the office today and, as I said, not on this call today, but I see him in the queue. I'm waiting for a question to come in from him. He's engaged, but he's not in the office today.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Then the last question, as you look at the structure of the company, it seems to me that looking at one of the options for tax efficiency, obviously the Tree Act is a big one. It certainly would not go as far in terms of especially when the, if and when the 2003 tax changes expired in 2010. May not go as far as what you would see if your restructures REIT and it looks like that you all are making the decision just externally that is a path that either is just as to own risk or one that just doesn't seem to be one that's easy for you to do since it would seem to be very difficult to see you comport to that structure anytime soon?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have not ruled out that structure. As I continue to say, we are focused on what our ongoing strategy is going to be. We've certainly been heavily engaged in attempting to gain passage of Tree Act which we believe is beneficial for the entire industry and will provide us with significant tax benefit and some greater flexibility as it relates to managing our portfolio but we continue to evaluate all alternatives with a back drop being that we will settle on a strategy and they will continue to monitor not only changes in tax law related to Tree Act but there could be potential changes that ultimately affect a reach structure.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. Thank you very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, thank you. Just a couple of questions. First, I just wondered do you think we will see a lot more bulk Timberland coming to the market due to the decline in saw log prices and the record valuations that we're still seeing here and with that do you see potential for correction in private timberland valuations over the next 1 to 2 years?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we are prepared to speculate on Timberland values. There has been a lot of comment and analysis of recent trades. I do believe that Timberlands are likely trading at some value attribution to the timber itself, but also certainly the land and every piece is unique with respect to HPU potential, minerals potential and then I think also today we are seeing some value attribution that is very difficult to define related to biomass and the potential that exist and some of which we hope to demonstrate on our own property.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: But just generally speaking, in the industry, do you see potential for... or are you seeing it now more supply coming on to market?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: It has not been evident to us that there is significant more supply coming.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just on the Tree Act I mean, it certainly seems that we are pretty close in the Farm Bill you had to fight very aggressively to push the Tree Act this far. If the Farm Bill does get signed by the President, what's your level of confidence that you can get the Tree Act extended for a longer period of times given that we are headed into the heart of the presidential election and certainly seems the funding issues for tax reductions or getting harder to justify in Congress?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as you know if the Tree Act is passed along with the Farm Bill at least it has been discussed today it would be passed and effective for a one year period and then following that it would go into an annual extender package. Experience shows that in that extender package predictability is relatively high. But I think the market will have to observe that for a bit. There are also issues that will come in... in terms of those extender packagers there is a number of tax initiatives that routinely rollover. R&D exemptions, sales tax deductibility and I can't comment in handicapped, but experience shows that high degree of likelihood that it would be extended if it falls into that annual extender program.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: But do you generally proceed that being the process as opposed to being... as opposed to having an avenue or you can get the Tree Act potentially extended for three or five year period all at once or do you just sort of have to just take it year-by-year and hope that it gets renewed?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Seems that you have to take it year-by-year.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. First, you said in your prepared remarks, in the months ahead you'll see definitive steps to resize the company. Am I right in interpreting from that that you have actually pretty much determined, figuring from a portfolio management perspective, what's your strategy is going to... what it is, and in the months ahead we are going to see that being executed or implemented?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: The resizing comment is more reflective ongoing G&A and operating cost related to the support of our businesses. So, we have been through a process where we spun off our fine paper business. Now, we are going to process of selling the containerboard packaging business. If you look at the overall size of the company, containerboard packaging has over 14,000 employees. It's a significant part of our asset base, it's a significant part of our employee base and so the resizing that I am talking about is resizing support cost G&A. So, that is those businesses leave the portfolio the right size in our line in our operating cost in orders to support the businesses that remain in the portfolio.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: you give us a sense of to that the type of our reduction in corporate expense that's feasible to this right sizing?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't want to comment on that right now because we were going through that process. Obviously, we were still supporting this business, but we are making plans today for what happens after that sale is concluded.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: In terms of the net proceeds on that containerboard sale, can you update us of that $6 billion sale how much you expect to end up in net proceeds and help us understand that number please?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mark, this is Patty and what we have said I think as you are aware that it is not of $4 billion and that will fluctuate depending upon one, eventual timing of the closing is of the sale and we were working through that, but at this point I wouldn't want to give you on more exact number.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. I mean could it be... I guess as I look at $6 billion number and I realize it had a low tax base, but I assume there is also working capital that goes into the transaction and just seems like a very significant amount of tax leakage or is there something not obvious or is it possible that it could be as much as $500 million higher than $4 billion number?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It will be higher than the 4 billion and you are correct and that it does have a very low tax base as we have talked about in the past. So, the working capital number will be included in the $6 billion. So, it is not additive to the $6 billion.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And then lastly, in the past, we talked a little bit about you going out and doing all the paper work to get all the deed information on the Timberlands that you own et cetera. Can you tell us where do you stand in that process, have you gotten all the paper work on the Timberland deed or is that still not completed?
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: We... I'm not sure what comment you are talking about in the past. I mean we have all the information that we need on our Timberlands. We run our own title shop and so there is.
Lawrence B. Burrows - President and Chief Executive Officer of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: That's a good one.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is really no uncertainty or ambiguity about any kind of documentation or records related to our Timberlands.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: So, you have all the paper work on your Timberland ownership at this point on the deeds. Thanks.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. We are in good shape. Yeah.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning and thank you. I wanted to focus on building products for a minute. If I heard Rich correctly, you are running 50% of the capacity in OSB and 70% lumber?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: That's correct.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Is that correct?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Correct.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: And then can you just quantify how much of that is permanent indefinite or temporarily idle out of those two businesses?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: It's next year, I mean that would take some more work maybe with Kathy to sort it for you, but I mean it's... no I can't comment right up.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: I'll get back to you Rich and we will go through some of those facilities and which one we have announced for permanent closure.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Sure, and as you think about maybe when the market does comeback how easy do you think it would be and your thought process to when those mills, due come back it could restarted?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it's more difficult with the oriented strand board piece and relatively easy with lumber, but in many of those cases in lumber we have, those are permanent closures and they are again I think in our financial information and working with Kathy we can tell you about the permanent closers component.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Great. I'll follow-up with Kathy. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Talk to you later Rick.
Daniel S. Fulton - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I just you like to make couple of closing comments. Based upon our remarks and then listening to the questions, obviously there continue to be a number of questions related to our ongoing strategy and our focus for the future and so we look forward to continuing dialogue. I want to continue to make the point that positioning the company for future growth in areas that will enhance shareholder value, the questions around structure. We will be determined ultimately by our business strategy which has Timberlands at our core. We talked this morning about the challenging times that were in with respect to the housing market and how that's affecting both our wood products business and our WRECO operation. And so we're dealing with that as Rich mentioned. We have curtailed, we have downsized wood products in order to respond to decreases in demand. As we come out of the cycle, it will be our expectation that we would see recovery in a really reversal order as the way we went into this. So, when things started to slowdown in housing, we saw the result of that first in our wood products business in 2006 and then following that we see a chill up in WRECO part of that because wood products has a national footprint whereas WRECO has a original foot print and then as we come out of the cycle you know I think we'll start to see recovery sooner in WRECO followed by wood products based upon the competitive environment. So we're focused on that. We are focused as I said on rightsizing our support cost based upon the portfolio that we will become following the disposition of our containerboard packaging business and as we continue to evaluate our business portfolio, we'll continue to have dispositions of what we consider to be non-core strategic assets and we'll be defining our future around our portfolio that will support our Timberlands and will be supported by businesses that add value to the Timberlands and businesses that have the ability to meet their cost of capital and the competitors in their business that will position us over the cycle to create maximum value. So, I appreciate everybody's attention this morning. We welcome the opportunity to answer your questions and we look forward to seeing you in New York on the 30th of May and to the extent you've further questions today you can follow up with Kathy. Thanks very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Weyerhaeuser 2008 first quarter earnings conference call. If you would like to listen to replay of this call one will be available by dialing 800-405-2236 or internationally at 303-590-3000, enter passcode 11112724. Once again those numbers are 800-405-2236 or internationally at 303-590-3000, enter passcode 11112724. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn F. McAuley - VP, IR Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and CEO Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company Richard E. Hanson - EVP and COO Patricia M. Bedient - EVP and CFO
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Gail Glazerman - UBS Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities Chip Dillon - Citigroup Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser 2007 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I will now like to turn the conference over to Kathryn McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning. Welcome to Weyerhaeuser's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. I am Kathy McAuley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Steve Rogel, Chairman and CEO; Dan Fulton, President; Patty Bedient, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Hanson, Chief Operating Officer. The call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release material for this call can be found at the website or by contacting April Myer [ph] at 253-924-2937. Please review the warning statement in our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. I will now the call over to Steve Rogel. Steve?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kathy, and thanks everyone for joining us. 2007 was a challenging year for our industry and another busy one for Weyerhaeuser. On today's call, I would like to briefly discuss some of our strategic achievements in 2007 and update you on the progress we’ve made on the various initiatives underway at Weyerhaeuser to improve performance and prepare us for the future. Then Kathy McAuley, Dan Fulton, Rich Hanson, and Patric Bedient will provide more detail on our businesses, fourth quarter operating results, and our first quarter outlook. As always, once that we have concluded our prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. Developing a deep pool of talented executives has been one of our key priorities, and in 2007 we made a number of changes to our management team and enhanced the talent on our Board with the addition of a new director. Most recently, we announced that Dan Fulton has been named President of Weyerhaeuser. Dan is overseeing operations in a number of staff functions along with his responsibilities as President of WRECO, our real estate company. Dan has a strong background in financial and operational management, and he's participated in our corporate decision making process for several years. Dan is an effective leader with a clear understanding of our company and the industry. We currently have a process in place to name Dan’s successor as the President of WRECO and we hope to name that person by the end of first quarter. Another key change to our management team occurred with Patty Bedient who assumed the CFO last April upon the retirement of Dick Taggart. Patty is a valuable contributor to Weyerhaeuser and her knowledge of our strategic direction combined with our financial expertise makes her the ideal person to oversee our financial functions as we implement our strategic plan. Other notable appointments in 2007 included Tom Gideon as Senior Vice President of Containerboard Packaging and Recycling, and Mike Branson as Senior Vice President of Timberlands. Also in December 2006, Shaker Chandrasekaran was promoted to Senior Vice President of Cellulose Fibers. Each of these leaders has shown exceptional operating expertise and has already made significant contributions to the businesses they oversee. I know many of you are interested in an update on the review process for our Containerboard, Packaging and Recycling business. Well, I came limited in what I can say. I will tell you that we're pleased with the level of interest that we're seeing and with the range of options that the Board is able to consider. We look forward to concluding the process. In the meantime, our successful initiatives to improve the financial and operational performance of this business continue. Another major achievement in 2007 was the completion of our Fine Paper transaction with Domtar, which created meaningful value for our shareholders. The transaction also narrowed the focus of our Cellulose Fibers business onto value-added grades of pulp. This allows us to leverage Weyerhaeuser strengths, especially in R&D and product innovation. We've also made progress in implementing strategies to grow our Timberlands assets in South America. In October, we completed the sale and transfer of our New Zealand assets after receiving the necessary government approvals. This allows us to focus our international Timberlands investments in South America where we are in the process of simplifying our investment and management structure to maximize our flexibility. We look forward to continuing to build upon Weyerhaeuser's position in this region. Furthermore, we are intensely focused on realizing all of the potential income from owning Timberlands, not just the income from growing and harvesting timber. Weyerhaeuser generates additional revenue from activities such as mineral, oil, and gas extraction. We are excited about the potential of creating biofuels from cellulose, which is the purpose of our combined efforts with Chevron that we announced this last spring. We are also pleased with the progress made on the Tree Act, which is currently attached to the Senate-passed Farm Bill. This legislation is well positioned for enactment this year. Passage of the TREE Act of 2007 will provide immediate value to shareholders and is compatible with many different business strategies and structural alternatives. In conclusion, 2007 was a busy year in which we took action and made significant progress despite the challenging environment. We are executing on strategies to performance and create value. I'm proud of all that we have accomplished and I'm confident that we're taking the right steps to position Weyerhaeuser for even greater success. Now, let me turn the call over to Kathy to discuss Weyerhaeuser’s fourth quarter financial results. Kathy?
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Steve. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported a fourth-quarter loss of $63 million or $0.30 per diluted share on net sales of $3.9 billion. The fourth quarter includes the following after-tax items; a charge of $85 million or $0.40 per diluted share for impairments of a real estate assets and investments; a charge of $73 million or $0.35 per diluted share for closure, restructuring, and asset impairments in Wood Products; a charge of $22 million or $0.10 per diluted share from the true-up of deferred taxes related to the Domtar transaction; a gain of $27 million or $0.13 per diluted share on the sales of a log export facility in the New Zealand join venture; a net gain of $13 million or $0.06 per diluted share resulting from changes in the Canadian federal tax rate and in Mexican tax law; a charge of $13 million or $0.06 per share for corporate restructuring, a packaging plant closure, and the casualty laws associated with severe wind storm in the Pacific Northwest in early December. Excluding these items, Weyerhaeuser earned $90 million or $0.42 per diluted share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available at our website in the earnings information package. Please turn to chart four on page seven in this package for our next discussion. Chart four is a bar chart detailing the changes in earnings per share on a segment basis from third quarter of 2007 to fourth quarter of 2007. As noted in the first bar on chart four, Q3 2007 earnings before special items was $0.55 per share. Quarter-to-quarter changes in corporate earnings were as follows. Proceeding left to right across the waterfall chart beginning with the Timberlands segment, lower log prices in the West and fewer non-strategic land sales reduced Timberlands’ earnings by $0.11 per share. In Wood Products, losses increased by $0.31 per share, resulting from significantly lower prices in [inaudible]. Lower material costs only slightly moderated the drop. Cellulose Fibers earnings were comparable to third quarter. Higher price realizations and an increase in sales volume were offset by higher chemicals, energy, and fiber costs. Containerboard, Packaging, and Recycling contributed $0.01 per share over Q3 earnings. About $0.10 per share improvement in Containerboard, Packaging price realization was offset by seasonally lower packaging shipments and decreased mill production as supply was matched with demand. We also incurred higher energy and wood fiber costs. WRECO increased $0.18 per share. Land and log sales accounted for most of the increase. Also contributing to the increase were seasonally higher closing and higher prices due do mix. Lastly, corporate and other added $0.10 per share. The usual year-end tax true-up accounted for the majority of the interest. The final bar to the far right of the page is fourth quarter 2007 earnings before special items of $0.42 per share. I will now turn the call over to Dan. Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Thank you, Kathy. As I wear the hats of President of Weyerhaeuser and temporarily President of WRECO, my discussion is going to be a little different this quarter. To begin with, I will done my hat as the President of WRECO and give you a general overview of our real estate results for the fourth quarter. This will be a somewhat abbreviated version of my past presentations. However, all the data that I normally include is there on our website for your use. Then, I will put on my new hat as President of Weyerhaeuser to provide a general discussion of our economic outlook for 2008. This will help provide context for some of the comments Rich Hanson will make and will give a general idea of how we see the economic affecting our businesses in the current year. Although, differential by market, the dramatic correction that began in the housing sector in 2006 continued to negatively affect WRECO in the fourth quarter. Our Houston operation where we have a competitive niche at the high-end of the market performed at record levels. Meanwhile, the focus of our Puget Sound subsidiary on homes targeted at entry-level and first-time move-up buyers has allowed us to maintain our position as the leading homebuilder in a region that has held up longer than most other major markets. Despite these relatively strong performances, our real estate business is not immune to market woes. Last Vegas, Phoenix, and the Inland Empire of Southern California, which where some of the hottest markets during the first six years of this decade, are experiencing painful market adjustments. Considering current business conditions, near-term market stabilization in these markets seems unlikely for at least another year. Meanwhile, after beginning to signal stabilization in early 2007, the Washington D.C suburban markets retreated in response to increasing levels of unsold inventories and continued to struggle as the year closed. In addition, the stronger markets that I mentioned earlier are now beginning to show signs of fatigue. The Houston and Puget Sound markets will slow down from preceding years of strong activity, but are not likely to correct to the degree of other markets. As a major landowner in our select markets, we are also feeling the impact of declining valuations. As you've read, public homebuilders have recognized significant impairment charges as their holdings come under increased pressure. We control land representing approximately seven years of sales, of which 60% is owned. We are less vulnerable in that we own more land priced at three bubble levels. Nonetheless, our process of reviewing our land and investments on a quarterly basis resulted in us recognizing impairment charges of $121 million in the fourth quarter. This compares with $23 million in the third quarter and $19 million in the fourth quarter of last year. These impairment charges are all pretax numbers. The outlook for our real estate business is for a tough year ahead. Our management team however is one of the most experienced in the business and has seen challenging markets before. We are focused on minimizing incremental capital investment while maintaining a keen awareness of local land valuation trends for possible compelling future growth opportunities. I’m now switching to my Weyerhaeuser Company now for a discussion of how economic conditions are affecting our other businesses. It is stating the obvious, but with effect of the unfavorable housing market upon the Wood Products industry is startling. The 1 million unit drop in single-family housing starts since the market’s peak in 2006 equates to 9 billion square feet of oriented strand board and 15 billion [inaudible] feet of lumber. That amounts to 36% less demand for OSP and a 23% drop for lumber. Not surprisingly, prices have plunged. Recently, Douglas-fir lumber prices sank to nominal levels last seen in 1982, over 25 years ago. We'd like to say that we see it right on horizon, but as yet we do not. Looking ahead, we estimate that US single-family housing starts will continue to decline from 2007 levels. Although degree of additional decline in starts is debatable, any drop would put additional pressure on all of our Wood Products. We employed the recent Federal Reserve rate cuts, but it will take some time for this action to have a meaningful impact on the housing market. And until the housing market recovers, our Real Estate, Wood Products, and Timberlands businesses will struggle. In response to this sobering backdrop, our focus is on cost reduction and capital preservation, which Hanson will discuss in greater detail the actions that we're taking in our Wood Products and Timberlands businesses to meet the challenging market conditions ahead. At the same time, we are focusing on the future. Our actions today must also position us to maximize our opportunities when conditions improve. That is why later this spring we will start up our new Santiam sawmill in Oregon. This mill along with the improvements to the Grand Prairie facility in Canada and the new Longview, Washington mill allow us to replace older, less efficient sawmills. Consolidating our manufacturing into state-of-the-art facilities positions us to be a low-cost producer. In Timberlands, we are maintaining our growth strategy, which includes enhancing our investments in South America. Meanwhile, economic conditions for our Containerboard, Packaging, and Cellulose Fiber businesses are encouraging. Our Containerboard, Packaging business is benefiting from the growth on non-durable goods production. It has also been helped by the weaker US dollar, which has made our containerboard more competitive against offshore production. As long as international economic conditions remains strong, this business should continue to benefit from the weaker dollar. Meanwhile, our Cellulose Fiber's business also benefits from the week US dollars. As a result, prices for pulp are approaching 1995 levels of nearly $900 a ton. In addition, the completion of the Domtar transaction last year reduced our exposure to the Canadian exchange rate and focused our business on premium absorbent rates. We see continued strong markets in 2008 for this portion of our company. It's true we've challenges ahead, but I'm energized by the prospects for success that lie before us. I'm looking forward to working with all of our employees to seize these opportunities. I'm also looking forward to discussing our company with the investment community in my new role. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Rich Hanson, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our operational performance in our businesses other than WRECO.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Dan. At this time last year, we predicted that our Wood Products business would experience significant losses due to weak market conditions, but we didn't foresee the historic downturn that haunted 2007. Even the most pessimistic projections didn't anticipate that prices for oriented strand board would drop more than 40% from levels in early 2006 or that when adjusted for inflation lumber would dip to depression era levels. So that's exactly what happened and the effect upon our earnings has been dramatic. We continue to report losses in our Wood Products business despite aggressive actions taken by Lee Alford and his management team. This includes closing 1.3 billion square feet of our oriented strand board capacity and curtailing other OSB mills. Taken together, the combination results in a curtailment of 38%. In addition, we have closed one of our three TimberStrand LSL mills and curtailed production at the remaining two. Similarly in 2007, our softwood lumber production declined by nearly 900 million board feet. In addition to these actions, we've taken aggressive steps to reduce costs if they weren't enough to offset the price and volume declines. We are continuing to further adjust production to match declining demand from our customers and minimize cash losses. Of course, there is significant cost associate with closing and curtailing a facility, but we've developed a process to make these decisions thoughtfully and quickly. We believe the long-term prospects for the North American residential homebuilding market are good due to favorable demographics and the economic outlook. Our high-level strategy, which we’ve discussed before remains sound as indicated by our customer response and market penetration with higher value products and services. We have unique capabilities and proprietary technologies that give us the competitive advantage to bring value to the homebuilder. Also this quarter, we saw a deeper impact of the weak housing market on our Timberlands business. Our Western operations are a very dependent upon the California housing markets, which are being hit harder than other areas of the nation. As a result, lot prices dropped in the West while prices in the South were relatively stable. Our western operations also felt the fury of Mother Nature in early December when a series of snow, wind, and rainstorms slammed into Washington and Oregon. We experienced gusts reaching to 147 miles an hour while nearly 20 inches of rain saturated our PL [ph] Tree Farm in Washington over a 48-hour period. So we expect significant salvage and road and bridge repair cost to affect our Western Timberlands operations for several quarters. Notwithstanding the current challenging conditions, Timberlands are a unique asset with long-term value, which we maximized through our industry-leading cultural expertise. In addition to growing and harvesting timber, we are focused on developing other sources of income from these lands. This includes, as Steve mentioned, oil, gas, and mineral extraction, which has developed into a growing source of value, and biofuels such as the alliance we have now formed with Chevron will represent a future revenue source. Moving on to Containerboard, Packaging, we continue to improve this business while conducting our strategic review. By year-end, we had captured above 75% of the $40 per ton Containerboard price increase in box prices. For the year, these prices were nearly offset by cost increases predominantly in fiber and energy. We have now realized a $120 million of the $230 million improvement goal we committed to achieve by the end of 2008. Our continued focus on improving the performance in this business has resulted in improved margins each quarter during 2007. We also successfully implemented our programs to consolidate orders into more efficient manufacturing plants. This included selling our Cerritos, California site and moving customers into other Southern California locations. We also closed our Closter, New Jersey facility following a fire, and recently announced the closure of our Baltimore box plant. We’ve repositioned the accounts served by those facilities into plants that have competitive advantage. As Dan mentioned, this business has benefited from the strength of the non-durable goods market and the weaker dollar. As a result, we saw containerboard shipments increased during the fourth quarter due to strong export demand. Meanwhile, we see encouraging market conditions for our Cellulose Fibers business with continued high demand and the weakening U.S. dollar. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, our pulp price realizations increased, shipment volumes climbed slightly, and cost for planned annual maintenance decline. Unfortunately, in the business higher chemical and energy costs offset those benefits. Meanwhile though, our five-mill Cellulose Fiber segment continues to make significant operational improvements. The industry efficiency index for these mills improved 2.2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. As a result, this segment is poised to benefit fully from the strong markets in which it operates. Before I close my comments, I want to acknowledge that work our employees have done not only in improving operating performance, but in reducing our injury rate by 26% during 2007, making it the safest year in Weyerhaeuser history. And it is no surprise that there is a high correlation between safety and operational performance. We’re positioned for the future, and I'm confident in the ability of our operations to perform well through the challenging conditions ahead. For a more detailed discussion on our first quarter outlook, I would like to turn the call over to Patty Bedient.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Rich, and good morning. Dan and Rich have provided the overall economic outlook for 2008. My comments will focus on first quarter 2008 compared to fourth quarter 2007. Then I'll wrap up with some summary comments about capital spending and other financial items. I will start with Timberlands. The impact of the continued weakness in the housing market is expected to result in the lower log sales volumes and prices in the West. In addition, the December storm event that Rich discussed will result in higher costs. We should have a positive price variance in the South due to a higher grade mix on slightly lower volume. We expect a lower level of non-strategic Timberlands sales in the first quarter. So overall, Timberlands earnings are anticipated to be lower in the first quarter of 2008 compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. In Wood Products, we don't see any significant improvement in market conditions for the first quarter of 2008, and we expect to continue incurring substantial losses across our operations for reasons that Rich discussed. This could lead to even further production curtailments or mill closures. Our focus is on careful management of working capital and cost reduction. Cellulose Fibers, the economic outlook continues to be favorable, and liquid packaging prices are expected to increase in the first quarter. We will be taking more scheduled annual maintenance in the first quarter versus none in the fourth quarter. Because maintenance costs are charged in the quarter incurred, we expect our manufacturing cost to increase, also fiber and chemicals could increase. As a result, we anticipate first quarter 2008 earnings for this segment to be slightly below the fourth quarter of 2007. Packaging sales realizations are expected to rise in the first quarter due to seasonal mix improvement, mostly due to an increase in produce shipment. Overall Packaging shipments are expected to decline mainly as a result of exiting low margin business and from seasonally lower demand. We anticipate an increase in containerboard shipments due to strong offshore demand. Mill non-fiber manufacturing cost should decline, primarily due to increased production, as we have less planned maintenance downtime in the first quarter compared to the fourth. Prices for OCC and wood chips are expected to increase from fourth quarter level and are quite volatile today, 2008. Higher energy costs are anticipated due to seasonally higher prices and consumption of natural gas. Cornstarch and wax prices are also expected to further increase due to pressures from the ethanol and petroleum markets. As a result, we anticipate that earnings in the first quarter will be les than the fourth quarter. In our Real Estate business, the seasonal reduction in single-family closings and lower single-family margins are expected to result in a loss in this segment. We expect margins will continue to be negatively impacted due to excess home inventories, competitive price discounts, and sales incentives. We do not anticipate any significant land or lot sales in the first quarter of 2008. Weyerhaeuser Company had capital expenditures of approximately $700 million in 2007. We expect to reduce capital spending in 2008 to approximately $550 million. During the year, we completed our 18 million share repurchase authorization, with total share repurchases in 2007 of 7 million shares. In addition, through the Domtar transaction, we retired over 25 million shares early in 2007. Our shares outstanding at year-end were 211 million. As of year-end, we had $1.8 billion available under our $2.2 billion of committed bank facilities. During the fourth quarter, a favorable decision in the Paragon Trade Brands litigation enabled us to cancel 500 million of appeal bonds. Our net debt to total capitalization ratio is just over 39% versus our target of 30% to 40%. Excluding discontinued operations, our general and administrative costs for 2007 were $130 million lower than 2006. While the uncertain conditions that face us from an economic standpoint will be challenging, we believe we are well positioned to weather the storm, given our intense focus on cost control, working capital, and overall cash flow. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Kathy to begin our question-and-answer session.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Patty. Mary, would you please open the line for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from George Staphos with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Thanks, everyone. Good morning, and congratulations to Dan and everyone on the additional responsibility. Well, I guess the first questions I had were boxes on containerboard, can you remind us when you expect to get full implementation on the containerboard price like through boxes? Do you expect that that will happen by the first quarter with the lag we just associate with national account business, etcetera?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, this is Rich. I'll take that one, George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Hi, Rich.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: As I mentioned, we believe we have realized in the range of 75% and looking at the accounts that are still open in the first quarter, we should virtually complete it. There is a little bit of business still on into the year, but for the most part we will have it completed.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And just in general, in terms of box trends and what you're seeing in terms of consumption through the first portion of 2008, realizing that the export markets are quite strong and that's a positive, what do you think in terms of box consumption domestically?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, I mean aside from the comment we made about seasonal differences in the first quarter, we're seeing pretty strong markets, we are seeing good takeaway, and market conditions really are pretty good in this business. The inventories are tight, our customers’ demand is solid. So conditions are very good.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So that’s a the year-on-year increase or can you put numbers on that?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Question again, George.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: The question is, I know it's good takeaway, but could you put some percentages or parameters, are you up 2%, 5%, down through, what's good in your estimation at this juncture realizing it's early in the year?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Patty made the comment we will be off slightly seasonally. But we have done a lot of repositioning. We are not looking really at volume growth in that respect, but the markets should allow for volume growth through that, but as we’ve repositioned we are focused on the higher margin business.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. A few strategic questions and I will turn it over [inaudible]. In Containerboard in terms of the strategic review and really the interest that you're getting from other parties, you said you have been pleased both with the interest level and the number of options. Are you surprised with the interest and options that you're seeing at present related to maybe what your expectations would have been six months ago or is it pretty much as you would have expected? And then, within Wood Products, realizing that you run the businesses that you own for the longer-term, is the outlook in the performance perhaps raising questions as you look at the longer-term returns in that business relative to what you would have thought it could generate several months ago and it fits within the portfolio as a result? Thanks, guys.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. With regard to the Containerboard, Packaging strategic review, George, we did say that we're pleased with the response and the progress that we're making to date in our review. So I would say, we weren't totally surprised by the response, but we're pleased with the response that various parties have given us. So we look forward to concluding that process.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay, and on Wood?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: On Wood Products for the longer term, I think we have well introduced to all of you the eye level strategy of moving our Wood Products into the structural frame of a home. That is a process of penetration that is continuing even as we are entering into this downturn, and our expectations for that business and our optimism is high that the penetration will continue to increase and of course we consider that to be more profitable business for the company.
George Staphos - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: The next question comes form Gail Glazerman with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi, Just curious, your guidance in timber is fewer non-strategic land sales. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of how much you had in the fourth quarter? Hello?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Gail, this is Patty. We typically don't break that out separately. They are lumpy and from a seasonal perspective we would expect to be down in the first quarter compared to the fourth.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And can you talk about your view on OCC moving into 2008? I know obviously that you expect it to be up and volatile in the first quarter, but just in general how you see the pressures in the market playing out versus I guess overseas demand and shipping capacity and everything else?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, this is Rich. I believe we have said before, we see continuing pressure on OCC, especially because of the offshore demand in China, and we really don't see much relief there. It's a question of how much more might arise.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. And do you see any issues relating to the Containerboard business, either in terms of OCC or your export business in terms of the shipping capacity?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, we haven't experienced that.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Richard Skidmore with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Just to talk about the homebuilding business for a second, given your backlogs and what you're seeing in the market with regards to traffic in your expectations for the starts in your homebuilding segment, how do you see the closings progressing through 2008?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, as you can see from our numbers our backlog is down as we go into the year and I think that is consistent with really the entire industry. On a year-over-year basis, as we look at '08 versus '07, we expect volumes to be down modestly. Each of our markets happened to be in a different phase in the cycle. We've talked about that in the past. So we… as I noted we expect to see some slowdown in the Northwest and in Texas. As we go through the year, I think first quarter will be soft, Richard, but we expect to see more recovery from the back half of the year, probably starting with the Washington DC market, which entered the downturn earlier.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Then sort of following on that, as you look at the level of housing starts where we are now your level of profitability in wood, what sort of housing start level do you think you need to see generally speaking to see the Wood business get back to levels of profitability or prices and volumes sort of normalize, what kind of level of housing starts would you need to see?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: I will take a stab at that, Richard. Long-term we have a view over the next ten years that the economy should average total starts of about 1.9 million a year over the cycle. So we overbuilt that '04, '05, '06. Now, we are going through a correction period. Our view is that it will as I say be softer in '08 and '07, start to pull out of this in '09, and hopefully start to get back on track in 2010. Our relative profitability is going to depend quite a bit on the competitive environment. We think we've got a strong set of assets both in our homebuilding operations and in our Wood Products manufacturing. We expect to see some competitors disappear in this cycle, and I think we certainly expect to pick up share, but I couldn't give you a number of starts and correlate that to a particular level of profitability.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Just to clarify, as you think about your housing segment, thinking about the inflation point being sort of 2009 at some point and then improving into 2010, is that what you said Dan?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: That's what I'm expecting. We've lots of opinions on that one, and as I say it is very, very regional, and so what would impact our wood product business is really national starts would impact our WRECO business. It is down to a more granular region-by-region focus, and my view is that we are going to start to see some stabilization towards the end of this year and I would not expect a very dramatic rebound, but I think one that will be much gradual.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Next question come from Mark Connelly with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst - Credit Suisse: Thank you. This is Hamza Mizari [ph]. Just a couple of questions.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: I am sorry. We are having trouble hearing you, Hamza.
Unidentified Analyst - Credit Suisse: Hi, is that better?
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Yes, it is. Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Just a couple of questions, do you expect there to be much more international repositioning of your business?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: This is Steve. On our strategies, as we look forward we have specifically indicated South America the center of activities this year of '08 for our timber business and solid wood converting for South American and world markets. That would be the major thrust over the next couple or three years, strategically for us on the international scene.
Unidentified Analyst - Credit Suisse: Okay. Got you. And you've always have been through a number of downturns in the past. How much flexibility is there in your system to take out further cost short of closing down sawmills permanently?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That is a constant effort that we undertake to remove costs from our system. Certainly, when you take a shutdown, you have ongoing costs that are quite high, particularly in some regions of North America. But we are working within the constraints of capital to constantly improve our manufacturing costs. And I think you heard in Richard's presentation today about several sawmills that we are rebuilding and should position us when we come out of the downturn for much better competitive positioning.
Unidentified Analyst - Credit Suisse: Okay. Last question. In Containerboard, you talk about exiting low-margin business. Can you give us a sense of the sorts of businesses… the sort of business you decided to walk away from? Is there a regional product or geographical trend in that decision?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, within the segments that we have there is a range of margins available to us, but… I will just take an example of fast… what we call a fast-moving consumer goods business, which is food and beverage, beer, and soft drinks, etcetera. That's a very tough competitive business. And so we have been pretty selective about where we want to be within that business. And as we have closed some operating units, some of our box plants, we have tended to transition really only about 75% of the business from those plants to the remaining plants and that is a selection process we have been going through. It has been very successful with very little surprise in terms of lost accounts that we wanted to keep.
Unidentified Analyst - Credit Suisse: Okay. Got you. Thank you very much. That's it.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. Dan, I have got a couple of questions on Real Estate kicking off. Is it possible for you to give us a little color on where the real estate write-downs took place and also where you have been selling land in real estate within this segment?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Sure. Mark, this is Dan. I'm going to take the second question first. The significant land sale that we had in the fourth quarter was sale of a commercial zoned property in the San Diego market, and we have talked about our land sales before. It's an ongoing part of our business. We continue to remind you that it’s lumpy, we use that term. But on average, non-single family revenues end up averaging 88% to 92% of our total revenues. Last year I think we came in at 88%. With respect to impairments, we took impairments in the fourth quarter in the Phoenix marketplace, in Las Vegas, in Southern California, in the Pacific Northwest, in Washington D.C. We review our portfolio on a routine basis. We react to competitive pressures in the market in terms of pricing and competition, and we continue to evaluate our strategy with respect to every piece of property. But the majority of the impairments in Q4 came out of the Phoenix market.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, right. The next question I had was on the Timberlands. I think Rich Hanson mentioned that some of these cleanup costs were going to continue over the next several quarters. And I wondered if it's possible to kind of quantify the magnitude of those cleanup costs and exactly how long you think they may run?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, well, of course, we are still assessing that. But giving you an example, we have roads that have been destroyed that we will to rebuild to access the timber and then we have to salvage the timber that's blown down, and… so that the logging costs to do that are going to be higher than normal logging cost. We estimate that it will take us more than a year to work our through this. So it's going to be spread out over several quarters. And I suppose if you think about it in any one quarter, it is not material. So that's the best answer I can give you at this point. I think you saw the book write-off, but that doesn't address the operating cost in front of those.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: So there is no way… what you are saying though is that increase in the operating cost is not a material number in any quarter in terms of the results of this business?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. All right. And then, the next question I had was on the Wood Products business, I was just kind of curious. You talked about pricing being down at these depression era levels and this is in spite of the Canadian dollar being at its highest levels since World War II. It would seem like with so much of our wood coming from Canada that that high Canadian dollar would put a little floor under wood prices?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I would say in any kind of normal market swings you would be right, but these are extraordinary swings. I think you heard the comment about the reduction in supply there, demand requirements of over 15 billion board feet of capacity. I guess my response will be it’s not enough. You saw what we did, took out close to a billion feet of capacity as we tried to move and stay in front of this. So, the best answer I can give you is it's not enough.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. The last question I had is on the Packaging business. It sounded like you're moving away from a lot of high volume kind of consumer beverage, consumer food, consumer products business. And if I think back just 4, 5 years ago, what I heard you talk about was trying to grow the type of business, the feeds in the big boxes. I think you were pretty aggressive about lining up some contracts with big volume consumer goods companies. Can you just talk about kind of what's led the kind of a change in view on this strategy?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, fair enough. I mean we need to be competitive in national account business. There has been a lot of consolidation in this business and it’s been very competitive and you better have good logistics and good low-cost systems to serve that market. But even as I mentioned, within that there are pieces of it that are better than others. So I don't mean to save we're exiting that market, we're just being a lot more selective of where our system matches up to the accounts that are available, and we have a logistics advantage or a particular quality capability that's needed. So we won't be exiting that market. We're just going to be more selective within it, because at our scale we should be able to be competitive in that market over time and we are.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, very good. Thanks, Rich. Good luck.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chip Dillon with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes, good morning. My question has to do with I guess more of the time clock here. With this year being an election year, we saw how quickly that Congress moved on the stimulus package and… I guess I'm just little concerned that you be in the only major seed [ph] corporation left, I think there one in Arkansas that owns timberland, and it looks like that risks to you taking advantage of the options out there are actually getting higher in terms of avoiding tax down the road. Can you comment sort of on the sense of urgency with your restructuring?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Chip, this is Steve. Our Board and our management team are working very diligently on the Containerboard, Packaging process, and I expect that we'll be moving very smartly along to a decision on it. We have a number of options to look at and review, and the Board is prepared and has been very active and involved in that decision making process.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. And respecting that, I know that you can’t and shouldn't say much about that in particular, but when you look more to the broader issue of the timber taxability, it seems like the TREE Act will solve maybe a third of the issue if you consider the 2011 tax rates that the law currently has for individuals. And given that, are you comfortable that… and also given that you never know what a new Congress could do in 2009, are you comfortable that you can achieve your goals by then, whatever those goals might be, to ultimately result in the timberland being more, as I was saying, in a more tax favored status like just about every other acre is in this country?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Chip, first with regard to the TREE Act, we are very optimistic of getting that passed this year. As you probably know, it's in the Farm Bill and now that the stimulus packages has been passed, Congress is going to do more focus on that bill. So we're optimistic of achieving that, but with the tax relief package or without it all the actions that we are taking today leave us completely open for consideration of any future form of incorporation of the company or direction we might take. The TREE Act itself, once enacted, is certainly I think you are inferring it's a one-year package, but our expectation is it would go into the extenders and be renewed on an annual basis along with many, many other tax relief packages.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Next question comes from Don Roberts with CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Thank you. Steve, two strategic questions, I guess the first one, when we talk about the further growth in the Timberlands side in South America, I'm just wondering how challenging it's going to be to implement that in the face… at least, profitably in the face of rising land costs in South America? You certainly see it in Brazil. I was just wondering if you can give us more color, you see specifically in Uruguay on that challenge?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly, Uruguay has been discovered, and we have competitors who are working on their own land base, but to this point in time and just as recently as this first quarter, we still find land… bare land and land that has already been planted that are at prices that can give us a comfortable return and a return that takes into account all the aspects of operating in a different part of the world. So we are optimistic at this stage that we can continue to build the land base. Of course, if things start to runaway we have to pull in our horns.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Okay. This is the second I guess the strategic issue is this is only announced sale of the Commercial Construction Sales business. I'm just wondering, what's the strategic relationship really with the Trus Joist franchise and what implications of getting rid of this as it is for that franchise?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: This is Rich. This commercial beam business is open beam… open Trus business that has been around out a long time. It is not central to our strategy to focus on the residential housing framing market. It's a small business with three locations. And we just felt that at this point it is better to monetize that business and focus where our basic strategy is.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Okay. So, no implications really for the Trus Joist in terms of other potential divestitures?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No, not at all.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Good, okay. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Mark Weintraub with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you. First, Steve, I'm curious whether or not overall company performance and obviously, the difficulties in the homebuilding and the wood products area currently, if that has any bearing on the way you think about the containerboard sale process, or are you able to look at that as a wholly distinct from the performance in the non-containerboard businesses?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the way we look at it is over a longer period of time strategically. And as we evaluate what the make-up of the company is going forward, we've looked at with containerboard in, as well as all the other businesses. So our view is the containerboard process that is going on today is the right review at the right time.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And so there are no, from… I should come away thinking that there are no timing related issues that weakness in other businesses would create as you assess what you want to do longer term for containerboard, is that right?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that, as we look for the longer term, that is correct, you are looking more at a short-term cash burn, I think.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. And second, on a whole different note, in the real estate biz or the homebuilder has indicated that you were going to likely lose money in the first quarter. I guess I'm trying to understand if… how much of that is seasonal, if at all, or another way to put at it, if the current level of business activity were to persist through the year would you expect to continue to be losing money in that business or is there a significant seasonal element that would suggest that even at these levels of business activity, in other quarters you would more likely be making money?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: It is a combination Mark. This is Dan. First quarter is seasonably slower in terms of deliveries, as you know, we end up delivering a lot of homes in the back half of the year and as we go into the New Year we got a low backlog, but normally we have slower deliveries and so it's generally a softer quarter. We expect the business to be challenged throughout 08 with slightly lower volumes throughout the year and we expect margins, as I commented, to be under pressure throughout the year even as compared to 2007. You’ve noted that we always have some level of land sales and we expect to replicate that during the year, but I'd… we had had no plans for land sales in Q1, and I comment… I can't comment on when they might occur in the balance of the year. But our view of the year, generally, is it's going to be tougher than '07.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: That’s helpful. Thanks for bringing up the land sales, because I just wanted to clarify, I wasn't quite sure. You had mentioned something about 88% or 90% of something. I wasn't quite sure. If you could just over again what land sales have historically run at?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: Land sales, well, conversely, the 88% to 92% is the percentage of revenues coming from single-family operations.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: So it's run to the… slightly… almost half of the revenues of the business?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: No, no, no. Single family, 88% to 92 % of total WRECO revenues come from single family.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: But in any given quarter, that number may move a bit depending upon the size of the land transaction.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: So included in the land would be routine sale of lots. We are land developers, selling to third-party builders as well as what we would call some non-strategic land, such as the land that we sold in Q4, which was zoned for commercial use.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Great. And then very quickly lastly, on the write-down, I realize that most of it was related to the Phoenix acquisition, but on the remainder, are you writing down finished homes, you're writing down homes in process, or are you writing down raw land, or is that heavily weighted to one or the other of those categories?
Daniel S. Fulton - President, Weyerhaeuser Company; President and CEO, Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company: It is heavily weighted to projects that are in process, where we evaluate the impact of changing pricing. In some cases it may be related to just the land position, but normally that's related to a housing project that's under way. It could be that we are building homes, it could be we are actually in the land development phase, but it's a routine evaluation of the project economics that causes to have to impair if we see prices declining significantly.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Next question comes from Claudia Hueston with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Hi. Thanks very much. Most of my questions have been asked. But I just had two housekeeping issues. One, if you could just give some guidance around the tax rate expected for 2008. And then secondly, I was wondering if you might be able to quantify the impact of the maintenance you expect in cellulose fiber business in the first quarter, and then maybe the impact that you had in the packaging business in the fourth quarter, so as to know what to expect going forward? Thanks.
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'll take the first one, Claudia as it relates to the tax rate on a go forward basis, we are looking at 34% to 35% for the tax rate for 2008.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Thanks.
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. And your question was the impact of maintenance… the downtime in cellulose fibers?
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Yes, please.
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In the quarter ahead?
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Yes.
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, there will be additional maintenance, it's primarily related to Longview operations. Then if you move over to Containerboard Packaging, it will be less maintenance downtime. We had significant plant maintenance downtime in the fourth quarter in Containerboard Packaging related to the first quarter.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Okay. I think in the press release you go through what the maintenance expenses were last year in each of the quarters. Is that a pretty decent guide to be using just going forward as we think about maintenance in the quarters?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They tend to follow the same pattern quarter-by-quarter.
Claudia Shank Hueston - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Next question?
Operator: Next questions come from Peter Ruschmeier with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, I was hoping to come back to your comments about being pleased with the level of interest and range of options for containerboard, and if I read between the lines, I guess I would interpret that to mean that you've got lots of options, you're not prepared to tell us what you might do yet, but that you plan to take some action, or previously, I think you'd indicated that one-year options was simply to retain the business. And so I guess, to ask differently, given that you have good interest, given you have a good range of options, can we… is it fair for me to rule out one of these options of retaining this business going forward, or asked differently, under what conditions might should be better off if the decision was in fact to retain the business?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Pete, first of all, options are still on the table. So we haven't cleared one off. And I would also say on the option of retention, that business group is progressing very well on improving the operational performance of the business and we are pleased by that, but I'm not in a position to speak for the Board today on what options we favor or what direction we might take. We obviously take into account all of our long-term strategic views of things and of course we're mindful of the short-term as well. But there are no options off the table.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That’s helpful. And a quick question for Patty, if I could. I believe your over funded pension balance last year was 843 million for 2006, do you have an updated figure for us for 2007?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It will be significantly above that at the end of the year-end, closer to the $2 billion level.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: To $2 billion?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: And can you help us to reconcile the --?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It’s closer to $2 million. Pete, I don't have the exact number.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: No, I understand. But if it’s up over $1 billion, can you help us to understand how much of that maybe was planned performance versus discount rate assumptions et cetera, I mean, what accounts for such a large sequential increase?
Patricia M. Bedient - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Most of it is planned performance.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's helpful. Lastly, I wanted to come back if I could to… I think it was Mark Wilde was asking about lumber prices and I want to ask the same question, I guess in the context of the US-Canadian Trade Agreement, which some thought at one point in time that would support a higher floor prices for lumber, if a third of our consumption is coming from Canada and we probably got the lowest lumber prices in Canadian dollars since the 60s or prior. Is there something going wrong with the US-Canadian trade agreement or asked differently, what impact on markets do you think the agreement is having through this downturn?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, this is Rich. It's probably a longer discussion with the economists that really are analyzing this thing in-depth, but again I would say there has been a tremendous amount of capacity go down in Canada and it is continuing, I mean, it is real blood bath at Canada. But again, this has just been an extraordinary drop in demand for lumber and it hasn't been enough and as I mentioned in my comments, as we look forward and we look at this continuing housing situations there will be more closures and so I think, it's just a fact that it's deeper and more rapid than anyone anticipated. I don't think it has much to do with the agreement and the Canadian mills are significantly disadvantaged.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: We believe we have time for one more question, Mary.
Operator: Our final question will come from Ross Gilardi with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Thanks a lot. Steve, I was just wondering what impact did falling prices have on Timberland valuations, if any, particularly in the Pacific Northwest? And then, late on that, are you seeing significant enough timber harvesting deferrals to prevent sawlog prices from falling much further?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The falling prices or stoppage, it certainly would indicate that prices for Timberland would [inaudible], but again people evaluate these things over the long-term and normally bid a price that supports our long-term deal with the market. Having said that, I am not aware of any big Timberland sales that are taking place during the current time. With regard to your second question, I think, I'll defer to Rich on the timber question.
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Would you restate the second part again?
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: I’m wondering if you are seeing enough in terms of other companies deferring their timber harvest to prevent sawlog prices from falling much further in the Pacific Northwest?
Richard E. Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. Well, it has been deferential in South as compared to the West, and I mentioned that in my comments. So in the South, we have a much heavier proportion of the ownership in small private landowners. There has been a pullback that seems to have firmed up sawlog prices more than in the West. We are now seeing pullbacks in harvest in the West, and in our own case we will continue to look at that. We are certainly not going to harvest into a weakening market and depress values even more. So I think, you are probably seeing on the front edge of it now in the West adjustments and pullbacks.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then if I could just ask one final question on Containerboards, it's clear you are still exploring several different alternatives. I am just wondering, is tax-free spin-off a viable alternative if you decided not to hold, sell or merge the business?
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Certainly, that is an option that we can consider amongst all the options we have, but at this stage we are not prepared to talk about any specific options.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much.
Steven R. Rogel - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Kathryn F. McAuley - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us this morning. And I will be available in my office for additional questions in probably about half an hour. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the Weyerhaeuser 2007 fourth quarter earnings conference call. If you would like to listen to replay of today's conference, please dial into 303-590-3000 or 1-800-405-2236 and enter the access code of 11105215 followed by the pound sign. We thank you again for your participation, and at this time you may disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathy McAuley - Vice President of Investor Relations Steve Rogel - Chairman, President, and Chief ExecutiveOfficer Rich Hanson - Executive Vice President and Chief OperatingOfficer Patty Bedient, Executive Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer Dan Fulton - President of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company
Analysts: George Staphos - Banc of America Securities Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs Gail Glazerman - UBS Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank Mark Weintraub - Buckingham Research Group Chip Dillon - Citigroup Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Paul Latta - McAdams Wright Ragen Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank George Staphos - Bank of America Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you forstanding by. Welcome to the Weyerhaeuser 2007 Third Quarter Earnings ConferenceCall. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open forquestions (Operator Instructions). This conference is being recorded Wednesday,October 31st, 2007. I would now like to turn the call over to Kathy McAuley,Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kathy McAuley: Good morning, and welcome to Weyerhaeuser's third quarter2007 earnings conference call. I'm Kathy McAuley, Vice President of InvestorRelations. Joining me today are Steve Rogel, Chairman, President, and CEO, RichHanson, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; Patty Bedient,Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Fulton, Presidentof Weyerhaeuser Real Estate Company. This call is being webcast atwww.weyerhaeuser.com. The earnings release and material for this call can be foundat the website or by contacting April Meier at 253-924-2937. Please review thewarning statement in our press release and on the presentation slidesconcerning the risks associated with forward-looking statements.Forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call. I will now turn the call over to Steve Rogel. Steve? 
Steve Rogel: Thanks, Kathy, and to all of our callers for joining ustoday. A little later on this call, you'll hear from Kathy, Dan Fulton, RichHanson, and Patty Bedient. They will provide more detail on the operatingresults we announced this morning and our outlook for the fourth quarter. Butbefore they do, I'd like to give you a brief overview. Third quarter results were obviously affected by thecontinuing weakness of the housing market. As we noted in our earnings releasetoday, this downturn deepened during the quarter and affected many of ourbusinesses. The regions in which WRECO operates have certainly felt theimpact of the slowdown, as Dan will discuss. Our real estate companies areperforming better than many of their peers. This is due in large part to themarkets we're in, the niches we serve, and the steps we've taken to prepare fora downturn. Looking ahead, we remain bullish on the housing market. Aswe've discussed before, the long-term demographic trends support not only arebound from today's levels but a strong housing market for the long-term. In addition to managing through the current market, our jobis to position ourselves to take full advantage of stronger markets whenconditions improve. We've done just that in both WRECO and iLevel. It is alsoour belief that over the long-term, the markets in which our real estatebusiness operates will be among the strongest in the country, and that WRECO iswell positioned to benefit from this. In wood products, the weakness in the housing markets islikely to affect our businesses for sometime. Rich will outline the steps we'vetaken to balance supply with demand through closures, curtailments, restrictedoperating postures at the company's wood products facilities. Our iLevel approach, which gives us great line of sight toour customers' ultimate needs, helped us develop these responses to marketconditions. We're also better able to anticipate what our customers want fromus in the future. This allows us to begin product development today fortomorrow, and it positions Weyerhaeuser to be the leading supplier. Ourtimberlands business was affected by softening in the log markets this quarter.But long-term we see opportunities to maximize revenue from our 6 million acresof fee owned timberlands. In addition to our ongoing timber management, exciting newrevenue opportunities include our biofuel alliance with Chevron, carboncredits, and oil, gas, and mineral extraction. We are committed to ensuring that our shareholders receivethe full benefits from these valuable holdings. To that end, our work onstructural alternatives continues, and we are actively supporting theindustry's ongoing tax reform efforts. Bipartisan support for the Tree Act of 2007 is growing.Passage of this legislation would provide immediate value to shareholders andis compatible with many different business strategies. Our strategic decisionto focus on specialty pulp also is paying dividends. Today absorbent and specialty fibers account for virtuallyour entire pulp portfolio, allowing us to leverage our research and developmentexpertise. Strong market conditions resulted in higher prices in the thirdquarter. But more importantly, the outstanding operating performance of ourcellulose fibers mills positioned us to capitalize on this improvement. Richwill provide further details in his report. Finally, our containerboard packaging and recycling businessis successfully implementing its new business model while we continue ourstrategic review of the business. As previously discussed, these alternativesrange from continuing to hold and operate the business to a possible sale,disposition, or combination. The process is ongoing. But due to confidentialityrequirements, I can't say more at this time. We are confident, however, that weare taking the right steps to create the greatest value for our shareholders. I'd now like to turn the call over to Kathy McAuley, whowill provide some additional details on the results we reported this morning.Kathy?
Kathy McAuley: Thank you, Steve. This morning Weyerhaeuser reported thirdquarter earnings of $101 million or $0.47 per diluted share, on net sales of$4.1 billion. The third quarter includes the following after tax items. Acharge of $17 million or $0.08 per diluted share for closures, restructuringand asset impairments in our wood product segment. A charge of $17 million or $0.08 per diluted share relatedto the restructuring of administrative function, including a regional Canadianoffice and one-time cost associated with the transition to a new IT servicesprovider. A charge of $16 million or $0.07 per diluted share for theimpairment of real estate assets. A net gain of $26 million or $0.12 perdiluted share related to legal settlements. A net gain of $7 million or $0.03per diluted share on the sale of operation and previously closed plant sites. Excluding these items, the company earned $118 million or$0.55 per share. A GAAP reconciliation of special items is available at ourwebsite in the earnings information package. In that package, please turn to chart 12, which is areconciliation of the key changes in earnings per share before special itemsbetween Q2 2007 and Q3 2007. Second quarter 2007 earnings before special itemswere $0.48 per share. Lower volumes reduced earnings $0.12 per share. The largestvolume decline were in wood products. Price and mix were a negative $0.12 pershare. This decline was due to lower log and wood products prices and a lessfavorable seasonal mix of businesses in containerboard. High cellulose fiber prices partially offset this result.Manufacturing cost contributed $0.19 per share, driven by productivityimprovement and lower energy cost in containerboard packaging and recycling andproductivity increases coupled with less maintenance downtime in cellulosefibers. Real estate related assets contributed $0.03 per share.Other contributed $0.09 per share partially due to SG&A reduction. Thirdquarter 2007 earnings before special items were $0.55 per share. I will now turn the call over to Dan Fulton to discussWeyerhaeuser Real Estate Company results.
Dan Fulton: Good morning. Trends in earnings and other key operatingmetrics for real estate in the third quarter and year-to-date 2007 reflect thevery difficulty business conditions that we were encountering. Negativemomentum in the national housing markets discussed in last conference callscontinued in the third quarter and conditions seem poised to deterioratefurther over the balance of the year. Excess inventories of both new and existing homes, declininghome prices, and tightened credit standards have rocked most local markets.Consumers are understandably cautious in this environment. And many havewithdrawn from an active search pending stabilization in prices and easieraccess to the mortgage market. As stated in this morning's press release, real estateearned $60 million in the third quarter compared to $64 million last quarterand $135 million in the same quarter one year ago. Earnings in the currentquarter included a $30 million gain on land sales and last quarter's earningsincluded a $42 million gain on sale of an apartment project. Considering the very difficult market conditions across theindustry, we're pleased with the relative performance of our operations. Thirdquarter earnings included $23 million in impairment charges for lots impactedby unfavorable market conditions. Earnings for the second quarter of the yearand for the third quarter a year ago also included impairment charges of $12million and $14 million respectively. Single-family operations generated 88% of revenue in thethird quarter. And on a year-to-date basis, single-family operations havegenerated 91% of revenue this year compared to 93% last year. A 10% decline inaverage sale price in the third quarter compared to the same quarter a year agoreflects the intensely competitive pricing environment for new homes, changesin sales mix to lower priced product, and a slight shift in our geographic mixto the relatively healthier, but lower priced Houston and Puget Sound markets. With the burden of excess inventory, builders across thecountry continue to aggressively discount standing units, effectively rewardingbuyers who withdraw from the market to wait for price stabilization. Thesemarket forces are driving expectations for lower pricing in order to clearexcess inventory in a period of slack demand. For these reasons, we believe virtually all of the marketsin which we operate have additional downside price risk in the near term. PugetSound region has been our strongest market this year with year-to-date salessignificantly higher than during 2006. However, traffic and sales were weak inthe third quarter, both trending below the pace set in the prior year andinventories have increased. Houston has been steady in 2007, although moderated from thevery active levels of a year ago. Market remains reasonably healthy,particularly in our targeted market segment of move-up buyers. The suburban Washington,D.C. market started the year stronger than expected but weakened in response tothe record level of existing home inventories. Our own sales have increased year-over-year in 2007, due inpart to increased lot availability in our communities. Las Vegas, Phoenix,Sacramento, and the Inland Empire of Southern California represent our mostchallenging markets, each of which is characterized by significant inventoryoverhang, deep sales price discounting, and high contract cancellation rates. These markets remain negative despite strong underlyingfundamentals, including continued job growth. The markets in Los Angeles andSan Diego have moderated compared to a year ago, but competitively pricedproduct and good locations will attract buyers. Housing affordability remains along-term structural issue in these markets. We're fortunate that the recent wave of fires in SouthernCalifornia did not affect our existing communities, though we have sufferedsome wind damage in our inland empire communities. Although there may beshort-term spike in regional demand, especially for standing inventory, weexpect that our operations will likely experience diminishability ofsubcontractors and local regulatory staff as priorities appropriately shift toremediation efforts. Across the industry, single-family gross margins are underpressure from deep discounting in the market, particularly on standing units.At WRECO, third quarter single-family gross margins were 17.9%, an increasefrom 16.7% in the second quarter due to a shift in mix, but down compared to26.1% in the same quarter a year ago. On a year-to-date basis, single-family gross margins were18.7% this year compared to 27.5% last year. With the continuing overhang ofinventory in many local markets, we expect our margins to deteriorate furthernext quarter. We control land representing about seven years of sales, ofwhich approximately 55% is owned. Declining new home prices have increased thelikelihood that land controlled in recent years may have valuation issues,particularly if controlled during periods when land markets were hyperactive in2005 and later. We monitor our land positions on a quarterly basis. Usingconsistent practices, we recognized impairment charges in the third quarter of$23 million as compared to $12 million last quarter and $14 million in thethird quarter of last year. Additionally, we recognized charges of $1.3 millionfor abandoned deposits and pre-acquisition costs in the third quarter comparedto $800,000 last quarter and $5.5 million in the third quarter of last year. The bulk of our land acquisitions in 2005, 2006, and 2007have been lot takedowns in existing communities with the exception of ouracquisition of Maracay Homes in Phoenix in February 2006. On an overall basis,a high percentage of our land position today was controlled via acquisition oroption in 2004 and prior. We're not isolated from the actions of otherhomebuilders, including the public companies, virtually all of which havereported major impairment charges in each successive quarter over the past twoyears. These charges effectively reduce the cost basis of futurehome deliveries for our competitors and increase the pressure on us incompeting communities. If a competitors' impairment charge results in asignificant disparity in value compared to our community, we may choose to takea compensating sales price reduction. We're focused on controlling thecontrollable and we have taken the following management actions in order toremain as efficient with our capital as possible. We reduced the number of housing starts in the third quarterby 41% compared to the prior quarter. Our current completed and unsoldinventory position of 451 units represents approximately 33 days sales.Approximately 50% of our completed and unsold inventory today is in Las Vegas.Virtually all land acquisition obligations under purchase and option agreementshave been renegotiated. In some circumstances, we canceled our option andwritten off deposits and pre-acquisition costs. Many sellers, however, have recognized the current marketenvironment and our negotiations have resulted in reductions in price, changesin terms, or both. This is an ongoing process, and we'll have more work to doif the market slowdown continues. Our vendors and subcontractors are also supporting ourefforts to remain competitive by reducing costs in order to help mitigate someof the impact of price discounting. Lastly, we've reduced generaladministrative expense by nearly 12% in the third quarter compared to the samequarter last year. Additionally, we selectively reduced field staff as wecontinue to balance supply with demand. And now I'll turn the call over toRich.
Rich Hanson: Thank you, Dan. I will continue by providing an operationaloverview of our other business segments. As expected, the weak housing marketalso had a significant impact on the results of our wood products andtimberlands businesses in the third quarter. Wood products obviously was most affected, but we alsostarted seeing some negative effect on log prices during the quarter. I knowthat everyone understands that the plummeting national housing starts arehaving an effect on our wood products markets. But for perspective, on aseasonally adjusted basis, housing starts for the third quarter were down 24%from a same period a year ago and down 11% since the second quarter. In addition, we are experiencing significant weakness in therepair and remodel market. Because of lower sales volumes in our wood productsbusinesses during the quarter, we have aggressively worked to balance oursupply with customer demand. We are continuing that effort, as demonstrated byour recent announcements that by year-end we will indefinitely curtailproduction at two oriented strand board mills and a timber strand mill. Taking into account the recently announced mill closures, wewill be operating our oriented strand board and timber strand system at lessthan 60% of capacity. We expect to take further action in the fourth quarter asnecessary to match our production to demand. The wood products businesscontinues to proactively reduce working capital consistent with this reduceddemand in the business restructuring. We estimate by year-end, working capital will beapproximately 30% lower than yearend last year. As reported by Random Lengths,the average oriented strand board prices for the third quarter are at theirlowest level since late 2002 and the quarterly average price for lumber is atits lowest since 2000. Regarding timberlands, last quarter I mentioned that logprices had remained sticky and hadn't necessarily tracked the housing marketslowdown. That changed in the third quarter, especially in the west, whereprices declined for both domestic and export log sales. Industry log usage declinedas mills in the west began taking downtime to adjust production levels to thedeclining demand. Although southern mills are also adjusting to lower demand,log volume and prices were stronger in that region due to an increased demandfor chips and restricted log and stumping supply. Meanwhile, a weak Japanese housing market affected our logexport business. I just returned from Japan where I met with Chugoku Mokuzai,our largest log export customer. I learned that construction delays caused aportion of this weakening building market as new building regulations wererecently implemented. The strength of the Japanese market, however, remainsuncertain as we move into a seasonally slow period. Sales of non-strategictimberlands, as you can see during the quarter, offset some of the downwardeffect on earnings from lower log sales. In containerboard, the industry containerboard millscontinue at high operating rates, and inventories are low. In addition,inefficient box plant capacity has been coming out of this industry supplysystem. We've closed 12 plants since January '06. We've had a smooth implementation of our $40 a toncontainerboard price increase and we anticipate that a majority of that priceincrease will be recovered in box price this year. The lag in the full recoveryis because some of our businesses in long-term agreements that we will berenegotiating during 2008, and that will give us better pricing flexibility.But what is more important is our focus on company margins here. We continue to implement a demand driven business model incontainerboard packaging. We will achieve our projected $100 million in savingsin 2007 as part of the two-year goal of $230 million and we are continuing tomove aggressively with plant rationalizations and customer selection aligningto our capabilities to improve margins. And finally, in cellulose fibers, this segment benefitedfrom higher third quarter prices due to strong market conditions. During thequarter, third party realizations for absorbent pulp increased $26 a ton andthis is an $85 a ton increase since third quarter of last year. More important, due to the significant improvements in theoperating performance in this segment, we are positioned to capture the maximumrevenue and bring this price improvement to the bottom line. Production fromcellulose fiber mills increased by 26,000 tons in the third quarter, in part toone less annual maintenance outage in the quarter compared to the secondquarter. But four of the cellulose fiber mills set quarterly productionrecords. I'd now like to turn the call over to Patty Bedient, whowill outline our fourth quarter expectations.
Patty Bedient: Thanks, Rich. And good morning. Our outlook for the fourthquarter anticipates continued challenging market conditions for all of ourhousing driven businesses. As a result, we expect difficult underlyingfundamentals in timberlands, wood products and home building. On a positive note, economic drivers for our cellulosefibers and containerboard packaging segments should result in favorableoperating earnings in the fourth quarter compared to the third. I'll start theoutlook with our timberland segment. The continued weakness in the housing market is expected toresults in lower domestic and export log prices. We estimate the harvest in thewest will decrease while southern harvest will be flat with the third quarter.Sales of non-strategic timberland are anticipated to be lower in the fourthquarter compared to the greater than normal levels in the third. Overall, timberland segment earnings are expected todecrease in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. In wood products,the traditional seasonal slowdown of the fourth quarter will be furthercompounded by the anemic housing market. Sales realizations are expected to continue to deterioratein the fourth quarter over most of our product line. Shipment volumes are alsoestimated to decline. The restricted operating postures that Rich outlinedearlier will continue, and we will take further action as necessary to matchproduction with demand and manage working capital. Despite these efforts, we expect that fourth quarteroperating losses will deepen as compared to the third quarter levels. Containerboard shipments are expected to increase due to thestrong demand in export markets. Rights realization should also improve as theboard price increases announced during the last quarter are in place for thefull quarter. Box shipments are estimated to decline seasonally in thefourth quarter compared to the third. Prices should move up as increases fromthe third quarter announcements are realized more fully in the fourth quarter.The effect of price increases will be moderated somewhat due to seasonalchanges in mix. OCC prices are expected to moderate somewhat over the thirdquarter level and will likely remain high given the Asian demand. We anticipateincreased energy cost based on greater seasonal usage and higher natural gasprices. The non-fiber mill manufacturing cost should increase due tomore scheduled maintenance downtime in the fourth quarter than in the third.Packaging manufacturing costs are also expected to increase, mainly due toseasonally lower volume. Overall, we expect fourth quarter earnings in ourcontainerboard-packaging segment to be comparable to the third quarter. We believe markets for cellulose fibrous products willremain favorable throughout the fourth quarter. Shipments are anticipated toincrease slightly and sales realization should remain strong. The mills arerunning well, and with less scheduled maintenance downtime in the fourthquarter, manufacturing costs are expected to decrease compared to the thirdquarter. As a result, we anticipate higher cellulose fiber segmentearnings in the fourth quarter as compared to the third. We expect businessconditions for our real estate segment to deteriorate further in the fourthquarter. Volume, price, and margins in our single-family home building activitywill be impacted by intensely competitive market conditions. Homebuilders are aggressively positioning in an environmentwith fewer buyers and higher inventories of new and resale homes. We expect toclose approximately 1,200 single-family homes in the fourth quarter and we areevaluating the prospects of selling certain non-strategic land parcels. However, the likelihood and timing of closing thesetransactions cannot be estimated. Exclusive of such land sales, we expectoverall segment earnings to decline in the fourth quarter compared to thethird. Capital expenditures for Weyerhaeuser Company were $454million through September 30. Expenditures for the full year should be closerto $725 million as compared to our earlier budgeted amount of $800 million. Wehave now completed our share repurchase authorization, and in the third quarterwe purchased nearly 7 million shares for about $440 million, these purchasescontributed to our increased debt level at the end of the quarter. During the fourth quarter we will continue our focus onmanaging capital spending, working capital, and cash flow management in orderto reduce our debt levels. With that overview, I'll turn the call back to Kathy tobegin our question-and-answer session. Kathy?
Kathy McAuley: Patty. Eric, could we open the floor for questions, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from GeorgeStaphos with Banc of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. First question aroundcontainerboard and packaging, Rich, I was wondering if you could give us a bitmore color on the things that are going well for you with the business -- thenew business plan, new business model, and things that you're still finding achallenge with. It would appear that it's still somewhat difficult movingthe pricing ball towards the goal line because of the lag effect that you havewith some of these contracts. If you could add a little color there, that wouldbe great, and then I have a couple of follow ons?
Rich Hanson: Okay, George. Well, your description is really prettyaccurate. I think what's going well is the rationalization and the transitionof business to the remaining plants in a more efficient system. It's going welland on schedule. As I said as we are tracking our own cost and marginimprovements in those initiatives, we are well on schedule against the $230million permanent margin improvement. But as you say, as we go through and wehave some major national contracts that we need to renegotiate to get relief onfactor cost increases and board cost increases, that's where we still have somechallenge in front of us. We've been very pleased with the price increases that wehave gotten on those contracts that are open, and the percentage of businesswe've been able to transition.
George Staphos - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Was there a mix factor at all in the third quarter versusthe second quarter in terms of why we didn't see a bit more of a price lift inboxes?
Rich Hanson: Absolutely. The E. coli scare in green vegetables had animpact in the lower volume in the produce segment. As we said in the past,that's an attractive margin segment for us. And we experienced lower volumethere. And overall the produce market is becoming more competitive as well.
George Staphos - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Okay. You may have mentioned this in the past but I justwanted to get a refresher here. Should we expect more in the way of potentialbox plant closings as you complete the program?
Rich Hanson: We'll continue to look at how we can serve the highestmargin segments of the business, and we will structure our business includingmore rationalization to improve those margins.
George Staphos - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Okay. I'm sorry, Kathy?
Kathy McAuley: Thank you. We'll have our next question.
George Staphos - Banc of AmericaSecurities: I'll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly fromCredit Suisse.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Just one question. Rich talked about the excess capacity inthe engineered board businesses. I wonder if you could put that in perspectivefor us. Because, when we look at the numbers this quarter, it looks like yousaw a pretty big drop year-over-year relative to the drop you saw in lumber. Is that just, am I just looking at that too superficially?It looks like engineered wood is getting hit a lot harder than lumber. Is thatnot correct in the big picture?
Rich Hanson: I'll try to respond to what you're looking at. This capacitycomes out in significant lumps. And as we have taken this capacity downespecially coming into the second half of this year, I think you see it moreabruptly happening. But there's been real pressure on this with the loweroperating rates as we've come through the whole year.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Kathy McAuley: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Skidmore of GoldmanSachs. Please go ahead.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Just to follow up on the containerboardquestion, how much of the business is tied to long-term contracts and how muchof the business is currently open for pricing to get better?
Rich Hanson: Well, I can't be specific about that but more than we wouldlike. As I said, we will realize the majority of that price increase as we comeout through yearend. But I really can't be specific about exact percentagesthere.
Richard Skidmore - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Kathy McAuley: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Gail Glazerman with UBS. Pleasego ahead.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi. Thank you. Sticking on containerboard, part of yourwhole restructuring has been to analyze the markets a bit more carefully andget hopefully more insight into the demand side. I'm just wondering, lookingpast the fourth quarter into '08, what you're hearing from your customers interms of box demand?
Rich Hanson: I'm sorry, the very last part of your question, you broke upa bit. Could you repeat?
Gail Glazerman - UBS: I'm sorry. I'm just wondering, I guess, what sense you'regetting from your customers about their outlook for box demand in 2008.
Rich Hanson: I think reasonably positive. Overall, the economy is stillin pretty good shape but there's a lot of concerns about the general economiclevel of activity, but in general positive. As I've said, the price increaseshave been going very smoothly.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Just a separate question. Kathy, can you break outsome of the maintenance cost that you had both in cellulose and containerboardin the quarter and maybe a sense of the magnitude of the shift in the fourthquarter?
Kathy McAuley: Gail, we don't break out specific maintenance cost items inthe quarter. We did have significant productivity improvements in bothcontainerboard and in the cellulose fiber business. We had less maintenancedowntime in cellulose fibers, which was also a positive in that quarter. Butboth of them saw significant improvements in productivity.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Ruschmeier with LehmanBrothers. Please go ahead.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good morning. Steve, I was curious if you couldcomment on your view of the timber tax bill both in terms of likelihood, timingof events. The challenges it faces, whether we have funding for the tax cuts.And importantly whether that passage has any impact on potential futurerestructuring plans for Weyerhaeuser.
Steve Rogel: Thanks, Pete. First of all, with regard to timber tax, I'mconfident of its passage. You are asking for comment as to when, and that's thedifficult part. So let me tell you the positives about it and it's movingforward. First is I think you're well aware, it has a tremendous amount ofco-sponsorship. The bill has been introduced. It's been attached to twovehicles moving along. Removed from them is the prospects for the main bill,look to Dimmer. But some of those main bills now have higher prospects ofpassage. So our open expectation is that our timber tax vehicle will ride alongwith them. With regard to how it's viewed, it has been scored, which isCongress speak for they have determined what the costs of the bill are. Andthey actually came out pretty well. And they have found ways to fund it. Whatwe hear from the floor is that this will pass. It's a matter of being patientand watch Congress make their sausage.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And whether it has an impact on your restructuringplans, is it?
Steve Rogel: Well, whatever our plans are, the Tree Act is good for us.Because it has elements of support for the entire industry regardless of itsform of ownership. So it's well worth pursuing now and into the future.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: And just lastly if I could, Steve, does it specifically oncontainerboard, does it have anything to do with the timing on containerboard,the delays we've seen so far on containerboard? Does that have anything to doon timber tax or is it a completely separate issue?
Steve Rogel: Those are completely separate issues.
Peter Ruschmeier - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much. I'll drop back in queue.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.Please go ahead.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I heard Lynn Michaelis at a big industryconference about two and half weeks ago. He talked about a housing downturn thatwould be as severe as the early 80s. He was talking about single-family startsgoing down to about 900,000 units with a risk on the downside. I'm just curious, is this the scenario you're using fordecision making in the different parts of your portfolio? And really, what arethe implications of 900,000 single-family starts or less?
Dan Fulton: This is Dan. I'll take the first crack at this. We're usingLynn's forecast to judge overall demand and to look at economics across theentire country. But when it comes to our individual markets, we are atdifferent points in the cycle, and so we are making decisions based upon localdynamics. However, that kind of a stark forecast does have an impacton policy in the mortgage markets and I think in providing some guidance in Fedactions. So we are taking that forecast into consideration with otherforecasts. But we are managing defensively because of that, focusing onindividual competitiveness in the markets in which we operate.
Rich Hanson: This is Rich. Just further comment about that kind of anoutlook. Of course it's only prudent to plan for some of this downside. I thinkthat the best example of that is the action that we took in oriented strandboard and timber strand. As we've explained in earlier calls, these closures inCanadian facilities are very costly with regard to severance. And you have tobelieve that there's not relief in the near term in order to do that. So tosome extent, yes, it is impacting our decisions and we think that's onlyprudent.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Very good. Is it possible to get a number for thosetimberland sales in the third quarter?
Rich Hanson: The difference between second and third quarter was in therange of $40 million increase and around $50 million, but it was a quarterly, alarger number than normal in quarterly results.
Steve Rogel: I think we termed these things as lumpy during the year.
Rich Hanson: Because we negotiate them and we complete the transactionwhen we can realize the best value. So it's going to tend to be lumpy throughthe year.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Yes. I understood.
Patty Bedient: You might remember that on our call for the second quarter,we did talk about the fact that we anticipated we would have a greater thannormal amount in the third quarter, because some of those that were planned inthe second quarter actually moved into the third.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Weintraub with BuckinghamResearch. Please go ahead.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham ResearchGroup: Thank you. First, Steve, I just wanted a quick clarificationwhen you were answering Pete's question, he had asked whether or not the TreeAct and delays on containerboard had any linkage, and you said no. Can you justremind us if you've laid out any timeframes? I wasn't sure, have there beendelays on containerboard? It wasn't clear to me.
Steve Rogel: As I indicated, Mark, in my prepared remarks, there's verylittle I can say because of confidentiality requirements about that process. Iwill say that we are looking at a variety of strategic directions for it. Thosebecause of the wide variety take more time. Some of them require a great dealof time because it's a due diligence effort on two different classes or sets ofassets. So the kind of process we're following to achieve the maximumshareholder value just takes time.
Patty Bedient: Mark, to your direct question and to Pete'scharacterization, we have not talked about a delay in the containerboardprocess at all.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham ResearchGroup: Fair enough. And then if you could just also provide alittle bit more color, possibly, on what the timberland sales, I guess about$50 million or $55 million of profits in the quarter. Were those some largertracts or were you again doing smaller tracts here, there, and everywhere?
Rich Hanson: Pretty normal. I don't have the list in front of me. Nomajor tracts, no.
Mark Weintraub - Buckingham ResearchGroup: Okay. Thank you. 
Kathy McAuley: Next question? 
Operator: Our next question comes with Chip Dillon with Citi. Pleasego ahead.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Yes, good morning. Could you just review for us, clarify onething. You said in the press release it says that land sales in the fourthquarter might offset part of the decline you expect from single-familyclosings? I think, Patty, you said on the call you left open the possibilitythat you could see completely offset or even a higher real estate number. Secondly, could you define your backlog? You used to talkabout it in terms of months. Was that 33-day figure that was mentioned thebacklog or was that the inventory of houses? Could you just tell us what thebacklog is?
Dan Fulton: Chip, this is Dan. I'll take both of those. We do have saleson an ongoing basis as you know of what we call non-strategic land. That landcould be commercially zoned, apartment zoned land. We sell it in most of theoperations where we have master planned communities or land that may have thosecharacteristics. And with respect to Q4, we have a number of transactions thatare in process. Our guidance that Patty provided was that we would expectthat that would help to offset the decline that we do anticipate insingle-family that would come from margins and pricing. With respect tobacklog, our backlog's at about four months. It's down slightly from lastquarter. When I referred to the number of days of sales, in my remarks that wasreferring to our standing inventory.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Got you. It sounds like it's not likely. But if a lot ofthese land sales did come together, that would allow you to beat the $83million you had without impairments in the most recent quarter. But if it'ssort of a best guess, maybe it's not quite as high as that.
Dan Fulton: Can't handicap it to date.
Chip Dillon - Citigroup: Thank you.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Roberts with CIBC WorldMarkets. Please go ahead.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Thank you. Steve, two questions. First of all, just gettingback to the Tree Act, you mentioned it's attached to two vehicles that arelikely to pass. Could you just refresh me on when are sort of generally themilestones we should be looking at for those vehicles in terms of timelines?
Steve Rogel: Oh, I can't speculate on when any individual bill might gothrough. Politics is everything. And what I was really referring to is a coupleof bills that appeared dead because of huge differences between the twoparties. Now it seemed to be coming back to life because they are in conferenceand working out differences. But it would be extremely hard for me as anamateur at that sort of stuff to give you a prediction of when those bills willmake it out.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Okay. And an unrelated question, you had mentioned in youropening remarks about the strategic initiative with Chevron on the cellulosicethanol. Any kind of updates or How much sort of credence or emphasis we shouldput on that type of initiative.
Steve Rogel: Well, our work with Chevron has proceeded forward, as weindicated at the outset. That was a letter of intent to be negotiated into ajoint venture and that's proceeded well. So as two companies, we have somesimilar philosophies and we seem to be getting along well in that area. Andwe're moving right forward with the venture.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Okay. And again, any kind of timeline where we might expectan announcement on when that's finalized, the venture?
Steve Rogel: I can't give you a forward time.
Don Roberts - CIBC World Markets: Thank you.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with MerrillLynch. Please go ahead.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Morning. Thank you. Just had a couple of questions. On theTree Act. If you do get some form of tax relief legislation, would youpotentially become a more active acquirer of timberland?
Steve Rogel: Certainly we've indicated many times that Timber R Us. If wedo get tax relief, that allows us to be more competitive in the acquisition oftracts. But I couldn't speculate for you which or when. But it does allow us tobe more competitive in the market.
Ross Gilardi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. Just in terms of the wood products business,Weyerhaeuser has really taken a lot of aggressive actions to control supply anddemand internally. What do you think it will take to see more a aggressiverationalization by the industry of Canadian lumber capacity and do you foreseethat occurring?
Steve Rogel: I can't talk about the strategies of other companies inNorth America, but certainly I think this industry has become more mature inits management of capacity against demand. The actions we've taken I think demonstratethat.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A.Davidson. Please go ahead.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Question for Dan Fulton. If we would try to handicap therisk in real estate, should we look at the land that real estate processed forsale and is already being transferred in fair market value and therefore notthat risky, but the land that's held for future development is the risky part?
Dan Fulton: No, I don't view it that way. We have a longer-term landposition than most. It's been part of our value proposition in this businessfor a long time. The length of our land position varies by market and it's afunction of the challenge of gaining entitlements and processing land in moreconstrained markets. What that does for us long-term is it translates intohigher margins. We believe a core competency in processing and managing landdevelopment. So our longer position is generally reflective of the fact we hadit tied up at lower prices for a longer period of time. We're creating valueand in fact think that that's why we have industry leading margins. So I maynot be addressing your specific questions, I'm concerned about that. But wedon't view the longer-term position to be more risky. We, in fact, view it tobe less risky.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Okay. So I guess just to clarify, it appears that you'redoing this differently than publicly traded competitors. Would you thereforeconclude there's less risk, although certainly you never said there was norisk?
Dan Fulton: There's always risk. We understand that. Most of ourcompetitors have a shorter position. I would say the one notable exception tothat is Toll Brothers, which like us maintains a longer position, does moreprocessing, and also generates the kinds of margins we do. So it's a differentbusiness model. We like ours.
Steve Chercover - D.A. Davidson: Thank you.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with CreditSuisse. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Just a question on the buybacks. I wonder if youcould tell us the average price for the quarter. Is the buyback complete? Doyou have an intention to ask the board for another buyback program?
Patty Bedient: Hi, Mark. This is Patty. I'll take that. We'll actually bedetailing all of the detail of the repurchases for the quarter in the Q thatwill be filed next week. We have now completed the buyback. I will tell youthat over the course of time that 18 million share repurchase authorization wasabout a little over -- a little less than $1.2 billion at a price just north of$64. We have completed that now and we also have reduced our shares earlierthis year by over $25 million shares in conjunction with the Domtartransaction. So, I think where we might go from here certainly would beup to the board. I think, as we look at our financial priorities, returningcash to shareholders is an important financial priority for us, both in termsof the stock buyback that we have completed as well as the dividends that wehave increased 50% since 2005. I wouldn't want to speculate what the board might do fromhere. I think our near-term priorities, as I mentioned in my outlook, iscontrolling our working capital and cash management and to bring our debtlevels down over the course of the quarter.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Very, helpful. Thanks, Patty.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Latta with McAdams WrightRagen. Please go ahead.
Paul Latta - McAdams Wright Ragen: Good morning and thanks for taking my call. Just a questionon the non-strategic timberland sales sounds like fewer non-strategictimberland sales for the fourth quarter. I have two questions. Is thatseasonal? And then also, how does the New Zealand transaction this morning thatwork through that timberlands? Does that go through the timberlands segment orwhere is that accounted for?
Rich Hanson: Excuse me. This is Rich. I'll start with the timberlands.No, they are not necessarily seasonal. And by the way, I looked at the numbersand the increase compared to the second quarter was $34 million. We tend tohave an ongoing program of divesting of non-strategic timberland. It tends to come in lumps. It's not seasonal. It's afunction of the negotiation and getting the best value for completing thetransaction. So, on New Zealand, yes Steve, do you want to comment on NewZealand?
Steve Rogel: Yes. We just had an announcement about the sale of ourportion of the New Zealand timberlands this morning. It’s a deal that waspreviously announced and completed today.
Paul Latta - McAdams Wright Ragen: Rich, on the $34 million, is that just clarifying, is thatin proceeds or is that in operating profit contribution? What does the $34million mean?
Rich Hanson: That's an operating profit contribution.
Paul Latta - McAdams Wright Ragen: Great. Thank you.
Steve Rogel: I think that one of the other things that contributes totiming as we always look for some 1031 exchanges.
Rich Hanson: Well it yes Steve makes it important point that I believewe're in the 90% range on doing a 1031 exchange on those sales. So in otherwords, keeping the transaction tax-free.
Paul Latta - McAdams Wright Ragen: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Kathy McAuley: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Rich just a follow-up on timberlands. We typicallysee kind of saw log prices lag the wood products market by six to 12 months.You mentioned that log prices came down in the third quarter. Would it be fairto assume that on average your sawtimber prices are likely to be lower for kindof full year '08 versus full year '07?
Rich Hanson: I'd have to look at that. But they really have hung up along time. So, and they tend to also be still not follow directly the productprices down so not necessarily.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Do you have any sense, kind of as you do your own planningfor next year, what you're thinking about in terms of kind of performance outof the timberland business both from timber sales as well as some of thesenon-strategic sales?
Rich Hanson: Well, we do, but we're not going to comment on a forwardlook that far out.
Mark Wilde - Deutsche Bank: Okay, very good. Thanks.
Kathy McAuley: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from George Staphos ofBank of America. Please go ahead.
George Staphos - Bank of AmericaSecurities: Thanks everyone, two quick question. You mentioned thatconfidentiality agreements understandably restrict what you could say about thestrategic review in containerboard. Just for the record, last quarter were youunder confidentiality agreements relative to what you could say about thestrategic review? Just checking on that. And then separately, I was just wondering if you could giveyour thoughts on the board and voting term changes that you put into place.What was behind the moves? We view them positively, just was interested in yourthoughts there. Thanks, guys. Good luck on the quarter.
Steve Rogel: All right thanks. Well, two questions, George. First one isconfidentiality. Since we have entered the process, we have confidentiality inplace. So you can assume that we did in the previous quarter. With regard toour change on majority election of directors. Our board continuously reviews or governance practices andthey were proactive in implementing this amendment because they think it's inthe best interest of the company shareholders. The Washington law was changedrecently that allows for majority voting. In addition, plurality was kept in the law. That freed us upas a Washington chartered company to look at some changes that fit our company.And we think work pretty well for our shareholders.
George Staphos - Bank of AmericaSecurities: Thanks for the call, Steve. Again, good luck in the quarter.
Steve Rogel: Thanks.
Kathy McAuley: Thank you very much for joining us this morning. If you haveadditional questions, I'll be back in my office in a short time. The telephonenumber is 253-924-2058. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Weyerhaeuser2007 third quarter earnings conference call. If you would like to listen to areplay of this call, you may do so by dialing 800-405-2236, or internationallyat 303-590-3000 and entering pass code 11098530. Once again, those numbers are 800-405-2236, internationallyat 303-590-3000 and entering pass code 11098530. This does conclude theconference and you may now disconnect. We thank you for using AT&T, andhave a pleasant day.
